Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4929 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 14, 2016 No. 114 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. On this day, in the midst of some-times contentious debate, we ask again that You give all Members peace and patience, with wisdom and courage to do what is best for our Nation. Perplexing and competing questions and answers challenge us all to remem-ber that our Nation is a people de-scended from immigrants, most in his-tory, and many in faith. May all Amer-icans, and those Members who rep-resent them here, rise to the challenge of these days and prove to be the best of ourselves. As always, may all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. DOGGETT led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
VIRGINIA’S PAPER AND WOOD PRODUCTS INDUSTRY (Mr. GRIFFITH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the paper and wood products industry in Virginia, which employs over 1,500 men and women in my district; and I wish to recognize the achievements of the industry in im-proving purchased energy efficiencies. Sustainability is inherent to the pulp, paper, packaging, tissue, and wood products manufacturing industry. These products are made from renew-able and recyclable resources, and these companies have a good track record of managing natural resources in order to ensure that they can con-tinue making useful products in the fu-ture. In 2011, the industry established the Better Practices, Better Planet 2020 initiative, pursuing one of the most ex-tensive sets of sustainability goals es-tablished for a U.S. manufacturing in-dustry. This week, the American For-est and Paper Association is releasing their 2016 report on the industry’s per-formance. The industry has improved their pur-chased energy use per ton of produc-tion by 8.1 percent in 2014 compared to the 2005 baseline year, nearing the goal of at least a 10 percent improvement— and some pulp and paper mills are largely energy self-sufficient. In 2014, 15 percent of electricity needed to power manufacturing processes was self-generated, in some cases supplying energy to the electric utility grid. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating this industry on taking steps to improve environmental per-formance, continued economic progress, and support of our commu-nities. I am proud of this industry’s progress and their continued commit-ment to advance sustainability per-formance and the fact that they pro-vide jobs throughout the United States. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF SETH RICH (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart. I rise to honor the memory of an extraordinary young man who worked in dedicated service at the Democratic National Committee, Seth Conrad Rich. Seth was just 27 years old when he was killed this past weekend in our Na-tion’s Capital, the victim of an un-known shooter. He was a dedicated, selfless public servant, protecting one of our most essential freedoms: the right of all Americans to vote. He car-ried out this work because he believed that together we could make the world a better place. We were fortunate to know and work with him. Just last Friday, Seth wrote a re-sponse on Facebook to the terrible shootings in Dallas. He wrote: Stop hating each other. . . . We have to be better and more true. . . . Please, stop killing each other. I hope the Members of this body will join me in offering our deepest thoughts and prayers to the Rich fam-ily today, but thoughts and prayers are simply not enough. In Seth’s prescient words: We must stop the hate. We must be better and more true. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.000 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4930 July 14, 2016 
TAKE STOCK (Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge what is happening in America. I think it is im-portant that all of us, every single cit-izen, take stock of what is going on in our country. There are a lot of people hurting. There are a lot of people upset, high anxiety, a lot of confusion. I think this is a time for us to take stock as citi-zens and to think about how we can be better listeners to each others’ con-cerns. I think this is a time for us to calm down and think deliberatively: How do we open our heart, open our ears, and see if we can understand the perspective that other people share? I think there is one thing that we must all reflect on the most as citi-zens. I think about Chief Brown in Dal-las and that press conference he gave a week ago, where he said: Most days, we don’t feel appreciated. Let’s not make this most days. When a member of our law enforce-ment wakes up, gets out of bed, has breakfast with their family, kisses their loved ones good-bye, puts that badge on, and walks out the door, they go out there to keep us safe. They go out there to protect the streets. They go out there and risk their lives to pre-serve our lives. We throw a lot of big words around in this Chamber: ‘‘duty,’’ ‘‘honor,’’ ‘‘sac-rifice.’’ They do it every single day. So I think it is so important that, as Americans, we take stock and we thank the men and women serving in our law enforcement all around this country for what they do for us. I think it is really important that we thank their families for enduring the stress and the hardship that comes with such a job. As we try to make most days dif-ferent than most days in the past, and as we try to make sure that we give our law enforcement community the respect and the thankfulness that they deserve, let’s make sure that we listen to each other in this country so we can better understand, so that we can make most days in the future better days than we have had in the past. Our country is hurting, and it needs to start healing. I urge all Americans to do their best to make this country better. 
f 
TAKE STOCK ON ALL SIDES (Mr. CLYBURN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Speaker R
YAN for his com-ments this morning and thank him so much for asking the people of our great country to take stock. I want us to take stock in more ways than one. I often talk about having been born and raised in a parsonage. One of the earliest discussions I remember my fa-ther having was with a few other min-isters trying to decide what to do about getting rid of a minister that had betrayed his trust. So I think that we have to look at these issues on all sides. I honor police officers. I have rel-atives who are police officers. I have great friends who are police officers. But the fact of the matter is there are times when people of the cloth need to be defrocked, and there are times when people in the law enforcement commu-nity need to take stock. The fact of the matter is we do know that any time you see a young African American being stopped 52 times by one jurisdiction, something is wrong. And I say to my 21-year-old grandson son: When you are stopped by the po-lice, suppress your manhood so that you can be sure that you come home safe at night. Let’s take stock on all sides of this issue. This is not about being against law enforcement. I support law enforce-ment, but I do not support those who use the color blue to commit criminal acts. f 
FACES OF MANUFACTURING RE-CIPIENT: SAVANNAH GLOBAL SO-LUTIONS (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in recognition of Savan-nah Global Solutions Company in Pem-broke, Georgia, for being Georgia Insti-tute of Technology’s Faces of Manufac-turing award recipient for June of 2016. This prestigious award presented by Georgia Tech and the Georgia Manu-facturing Extension Partnership pro-gram honors a company each month that embodies the face of manufac-turing in Georgia. Savannah Global Solutions began as Savannah Forestry Equipment in 1987. After diving head first into the forestry market, the company grew as an exam-ple of the American success story. Now, the company operates on an international scale and maintains mul-tiple patents. Furthermore, in 2014, the Small Business Association awarded Savannah Global Solutions with the Exporter of the Year award. I am honored to have Savannah Glob-al Solutions in the First Congressional District of Georgia and thank them for the work they have done to grow America’s economy. I wish them the best of luck in the future. 
f 
UNWILLINGNESS TO WORK HARD AT THE HARD WORK THAT MUST BE DONE (Mr. DOGGETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, today Republicans are shutting down this Congress for the next 53 days. That is true. Most Americans probably won’t notice the difference since the Con-gress has accomplished so little this year. Last week, Republicans told us this House needed to act on their Homeland Safety and Security Act; but this week, they have abandoned that act be-cause they were so fearful that it would lead to a discussion of gun vio-lence. It is much like what happened last year when they had a much-ballyhooed border security bill that would do as much for the border, I guess, as Donald Trump. But at the thought that it might lead to a debate about real im-migration reform, they shelved it, abandoned it, and have long forgotten it. When they leave prematurely today, they will have done nothing to accom-plish a bipartisan response to the spreading Zika virus, which yesterday led to the birth of the first child with Zika-related birth defects in Texas. Ex-perts say many more are to come. They will have done nothing about the lead contamination of families in Flint, nothing about justice reform, nothing about the budget. There is an unwillingness to cope with the problems American families face. They have so many needs. There are so many challenges our country faces that we need to work on, but this Congress is totally incapable of doing that work. f 
WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ COORS’ 100TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. TIPTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 100th birthday of Bill Coors, a resident of Golden, Colo-rado. He will be celebrating this mo-mentous birthday on August 11, 2016. Bill is the grandson of Adolph Coors, the founder of Coors Brewing Company. After graduating with a master’s de-gree in chemical engineering from Princeton University in 1939, Bill began in the family business. Over the course of 64 years, he worked his way up in the business ranks, starting as a chemical engineer and eventually earning the title of president of the company. Bill retired from Coors in 2003 at the tender age of 87. When Bill first started at Coors, the company was a regional operation. Today, Coors beer is a recognized brand throughout the world. This serves as a testament to Bill’s determination and hard work. His management of Coors Brewing Company has had a tremendous impact on the Third Congressional District of Colorado, and it continues to provide jobs in all parts of the production proc-ess, from the earliest stages in the bar-ley fields to the delivery trucks that carry Coors products to their final des-tination. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.002 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4931 July 14, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, Bill Coors’ life has been full of incredible accomplishments. As a brewery pioneer, a successful man-ager for his family’s company, and a lifelong Coloradoan, Bill is truly an in-spiration for all. It is an honor to pay tribute to Bill’s life and legacy. I wish him a very happy 100th birthday this year. 
f 
b0915 DON’T HAVE TIME FOR THAT (Mr. D
EFAZIO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, Congress is leaving town for 53 days, the longest break that anyone can remember for Congress to leave town. But I guess, you know, there are no important issues confronting the country. Zika virus—no additional funding, spreading north into the U.S., don’t have time for that. Background checks for firearms purchases, don’t have time for that. But they do have time for a couple of little things here, you know. Every day, Republicans are for states’ rights—except, well, maybe, kind of, today. The State of Vermont passed a law requiring labeling foods produced with GMOs. A number of the major compa-nies are already doing it. Here are some M&Ms. But they are saying it is impossible, impractical, and the Amer-ican people don’t want to know, and even if they did want to know, we don’t want them to know. So, today, they are going to pass a bill to take care of their corporate friends that will preempt any State from having a meaningful labeling law to inform their citizens, something over 90 percent of Americans would like when it comes to GMOs. And they are going to come up with a meaning-less proposal to say, oh, well, you can put a QR code on there, and everybody will pull out their iPhone, and you can give them a lot of information. Instead, we could just do what Mars has already done here: ‘‘partially pro-duced with genetic engineering.’’ But there are a lot of big corporations that don’t want to do that. 
f 
COAL MINERS’ BENEFITS AND PENSIONS (Mr. M
CKINLEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, the healthcare benefits and pensions for 120,000 coal miners and their families are in serious jeopardy due to bank-ruptcies and challenges in the coal in-dustry. This issue isn’t just about a shortfall of funds; it is about people’s lives. A retired coal miner told me his wife has cancer. He was so afraid of losing his healthcare coverage he was nearly in tears. Another retiree told me that he needs his pension to take care of his handicapped granddaughter. These miners are scared. Coal miners helped build this coun-try. They have earned these benefits, and they deserve to have the secure re-tirement they worked so hard for. Leg-islation I have been working on for over 3 years will help protect the health care and benefits for these retir-ees and their families. We need to act soon. Time is running out. Promises were made, promises made by the Federal Government years ago, and those promises need to be kept. Let’s get this bill to the floor so these families can have peace of mind and know that we care about them. f 
NOTICE OF INTENTION TO OFFER RESOLUTION RAISING A QUES-TION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. FLEMING. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I rise to give notice of my intention to raise a question of the privileges of the House. The form of the resolution is as fol-lows: House Resolution 828. Impeaching John Andrew Koskinen, Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, for high crimes and misdemeanors. Resolved, that John Andrew Koskinen, Commissioner of the Inter-nal Revenue Service, is impeached for high crimes and misdemeanors and that the following articles of impeach-ment be exhibited to the Senate: Articles of impeachment exhibited by the House of Representatives of the United States of America in the name of itself and of the people of the United States of America, against John An-drew Koskinen, Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, in mainte-nance and support of its impeachment against him for high crimes and mis-demeanors. Article 1: John Andrew Koskinen, in his con-duct while Commissioner of the Inter-nal Revenue Service, engaged in a pat-tern of conduct that is incompatible with his duties as an officer of the United States, as follows: Commissioner Koskinen failed in his duty to respond to lawfully issued con-gressional subpoenas. On August 2, 2013, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives issued a subpoena to the Secretary of the Treasury, Jacob Lew, the custodian of the Internal Rev-enue Service documents. That sub-poena demanded, among other things, ‘‘all communications sent or received by Lois Lerner from January 1, 2009, to August 2, 2013.’’ On February 14, 2014, following the Senate’s confirmation of John Andrew Koskinen as Commissioner of the In-ternal Revenue Service, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives re-issued the subpoena to him. On March 4, 2014, Internal Revenue Service employees in Martinsburg, West Virginia, magnetically erased 422 backup tapes, destroying as many as 24,000 of Lois Lerner’s emails respon-sive to the subpoena. This action im-peded congressional investigations into the Internal Revenue Service targeting of Americans based on their political affiliation. The American people may never know the true culpability or ex-tent of the Internal Revenue Service targeting because of the destruction of evidence that took place. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeach-ment and trial and removal from of-fice. Article 2: John Andrew Koskinen engaged in a pattern of deception that demonstrates his unfitness to serve as Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service. Com-missioner Koskinen made a series of false and misleading statements to Congress in contravention of his oath to tell the truth. Those false state-ments included the following: Number 1, on June 20, 2014, Commis-sioner Koskinen testified that ‘‘since the start of this investigation, every email has been preserved. Nothing has been lost. Nothing has been de-stroyed.’’ Number 2, on June 23, 2014, Commis-sioner Koskinen testified that the In-ternal Revenue Service had ‘‘confirmed that backup tapes from 2011 no longer existed because they have been recy-cled, pursuant to the Internal Revenue Service’s normal policy.’’ He went on to explain that ‘‘confirmed means that somebody went back and looked and made sure that, in fact, any backup tapes that had existed had been recy-cled.’’ Number 3, on March 26, 2014, Commis-sioner Koskinen was asked during a hearing before the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, ‘‘Sir, are you or are you not going to provide this committee all of Lois Lerner’s emails?’’ He answered, ‘‘Yes, we will do that.’’ Each of those statements was materi-ally false. On March 4, 2014, Internal Revenue Service employees magnetically erased 422 backup tapes containing as many as 24,000 of Lois Lerner’s emails. On February 2, 2014, senior Internal Revenue Service officials discovered that Lois Lerner’s computer hard drive had crashed, rendering hundreds or thousands of her emails unrecoverable. Commissioner Koskinen’s false state-ments impeded and confused congres-sional investigations into the Internal Revenue Service targeting of Ameri-cans based on their political affili-ation. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeach-ment and trial and removal from of-fice. Article 3: John Andrew Koskinen, throughout his tenure as Commissioner of the In-ternal Revenue Service, has acted in a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.003 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4932 July 14, 2016 
manner inconsistent with the trust and confidence placed in him as an officer of the United States, as follows: During his confirmation hearing be-fore the Senate Committee on Finance, John Andrew Koskinen promised, ‘‘We will be transparent about any problems we run into; and the public and cer-tainly this committee will know about those problems as soon as we do.’’ Commissioner Koskinen repeatedly violated that promise. As early as Feb-ruary 2014 and no later than April 2014, he was aware that a substantial por-tion of Lois Lerner’s emails could not be produced to Congress. However, in a March 19, 2014, letter to Senator W
YDEN  of the Senate Committee on Finance, Commissioner Koskinen said, ‘‘We are transmitting today additional informa-tion that we believe completes our pro-duction to your committee and the House Ways and Means Committee. In light of those productions, I hope that the investigations can be concluded in the very near future.’’ At the time he sent that letter, he knew that the document production was not complete. Commissioner Koskinen did not no-tify Congress of any problem until June 13, 2014, when he included the in-formation on the fifth page of the third enclosure of a letter to the Senate Committee on Finance. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeach-ment and trial and removal from of-fice. Article 4: John Andrew Koskinen has failed to act with competence and forthright-ness in overseeing the investigation into Internal Revenue Service tar-geting of Americans because of their political affiliations as follows: Commissioner Koskinen stated in a hearing on June 20, 2014, that the Inter-nal Revenue Service had ‘‘gone to great lengths’’ to retrieve all of Lois Lerner’s emails. Commissioner Koskinen’s ac-tions contradicted the assurances he gave to Congress. The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration found over 1,000 of Lois Lerner’s emails that the Internal Revenue Service had failed to produce. Those discoveries took only 15 days of investigation to uncover. The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administra-tion searched a number of available sources, including disaster backup tapes, Lois Lerner’s BlackBerry, the email server, backup tapes for the email server, and Lois Lerner’s tem-porary replacement laptop. The Inter-nal Revenue Service failed to examine any of those sources in its own inves-tigation. Wherefore, John Andrew Koskinen, by such conduct, warrants impeach-ment, trial, and removal from office. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). Under rule IX, a resolution offered from the floor by a Member other than the majority leader or the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has imme-diate precedence only at a time des-ignated by the Chair within 2 legisla-tive days after the resolution is prop-erly noticed. Pending that designation, the form of the resolution noticed by the gen-tleman from Louisiana will appear in the RECORD at this point. The Chair will not at this point de-termine whether the resolution con-stitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at the time designated for consideration of the res-olution. 
f 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PRO-CEEDINGS ON MOTION TO CON-CUR ON S. 764, NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question on adoption of the motion to concur on S. 764 be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 822, I call up the bill (S. 764) to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amend-ment to the House amendment. Senate amendment to House amend-ment: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. NATIONAL BIOENGINEERED FOOD DISCLOSURE STANDARD. 
The Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle E—National Bioengineered Food Disclosure Standard 
‘‘SEC. 291. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) B
IOENGINEERING .—The term ‘bio-engineering’, and any similar term, as deter-mined by the Secretary, with respect to a food, refers to a food— ‘‘(A) that contains genetic material that has been modified through in vitro recombinant deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) techniques; and ‘‘(B) for which the modification could not oth-erwise be obtained through conventional breed-ing or found in nature. ‘‘(2) F
OOD.—The term ‘food’ means a food (as defined in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321)) that is intended for human consumption. ‘‘(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. 
‘‘SEC. 292. APPLICABILITY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—This subtitle shall apply to any claim in a disclosure that a food bears that indicates that the food is a bioengineered food. ‘‘(b) APPLICATION OF DEFINITION .—The defini-tion of the term ‘bioengineering’ under section 291 shall not affect any other definition, pro-gram, rule, or regulation of the Federal Govern-ment. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION TO FOODS.—This subtitle shall apply only to a food subject to— ‘‘(1) the labeling requirements under the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.); or ‘‘(2) the labeling requirements under the Fed-eral Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), the Poultry Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 451 et seq.), or the Egg Products Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 1031 et seq.) only if— ‘‘(A) the most predominant ingredient of the food would independently be subject to the la-beling requirements under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.); or ‘‘(B)(i) the most predominant ingredient of the food is broth, stock, water, or a similar solution; and ‘‘(ii) the second-most predominant ingredient of the food would independently be subject to the labeling requirements under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.). 
‘‘SEC. 293. ESTABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL BIO-ENGINEERED FOOD DISCLOSURE STANDARD. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF MANDATORY STAND -
ARD.—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this subtitle, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) establish a national mandatory bioengi-neered food disclosure standard with respect to any bioengineered food and any food that may be bioengineered; and ‘‘(2) establish such requirements and proce-dures as the Secretary determines necessary to carry out the standard. ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A food may bear a disclo-sure that the food is bioengineered only in ac-cordance with regulations promulgated by the Secretary in accordance with this subtitle. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A regulation promul-gated by the Secretary in carrying out this sub-title shall— ‘‘(A) prohibit a food derived from an animal to be considered a bioengineered food solely be-cause the animal consumed feed produced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengineered sub-stance; ‘‘(B) determine the amounts of a bioengi-neered substance that may be present in food, as appropriate, in order for the food to be a bio-engineered food; ‘‘(C) establish a process for requesting and granting a determination by the Secretary re-garding other factors and conditions under which a food is considered a bioengineered food; ‘‘(D) in accordance with subsection (d), re-quire that the form of a food disclosure under this section be a text, symbol, or electronic or digital link, but excluding Internet website Uni-form Resource Locators not embedded in the link, with the disclosure option to be selected by the food manufacturer; ‘‘(E) provide alternative reasonable disclosure options for food contained in small or very small packages; ‘‘(F) in the case of small food manufacturers, provide— ‘‘(i) an implementation date that is not earlier than 1 year after the implementation date for regulations promulgated in accordance with this section; and ‘‘(ii) on-package disclosure options, in addi-tion to those available under subparagraph (D), to be selected by the small food manufacturer, that consist of— ‘‘(I) a telephone number accompanied by ap-propriate language to indicate that the phone number provides access to additional informa-tion; and ‘‘(II) an Internet website maintained by the small food manufacturer in a manner consistent with subsection (d), as appropriate; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.041 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4933 July 14, 2016 
‘‘(G) exclude— ‘‘(i) food served in a restaurant or similar re-tail food establishment; and ‘‘(ii) very small food manufacturers. ‘‘(3) S
AFETY .—For the purpose of regulations promulgated and food disclosures made pursu-ant to paragraph (2), a bioengineered food that has successfully completed the pre-market Fed-eral regulatory review process shall not be treat-ed as safer than, or not as safe as, a non-bio-engineered counterpart of the food solely be-cause the food is bioengineered or produced or developed with the use of bioengineering. ‘‘(c) S
TUDY OF ELECTRONIC OR DIGITAL LINK D
ISCLOSURE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subtitle, the Sec-retary shall conduct a study to identify poten-tial technological challenges that may impact whether consumers would have access to the bioengineering disclosure through electronic or digital disclosure methods. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC COMMENTS .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall solicit and consider comments from the public. ‘‘(3) F
ACTORS .—The study conducted under paragraph (1) shall consider whether consumer access to the bioengineering disclosure through electronic or digital disclosure methods under this subtitle would be affected by the following factors: ‘‘(A) The availability of wireless Internet or cellular networks. ‘‘(B) The availability of landline telephones in stores. ‘‘(C) Challenges facing small retailers and rural retailers. ‘‘(D) The efforts that retailers and other enti-ties have taken to address potential technology and infrastructure challenges. ‘‘(E) The costs and benefits of installing in re-tail stores electronic or digital link scanners or other evolving technology that provide bio-engineering disclosure information. ‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL DISCLOSURE OPTIONS .—If the Secretary determines in the study conducted under paragraph (1) that consumers, while shopping, would not have sufficient access to the bioengineering disclosure through electronic or digital disclosure methods, the Secretary, after consultation with food retailers and manu-facturers, shall provide additional and com-parable options to access the bioengineering dis-closure. ‘‘(d) D
ISCLOSURE .—In promulgating regula-tions under this section, the Secretary shall en-sure that— ‘‘(1) on-package language accompanies— ‘‘(A) the electronic or digital link disclosure, indicating that the electronic or digital link will provide access to an Internet website or other landing page by stating only ‘Scan here for more food information’, or equivalent language that only reflects technological changes; or ‘‘(B) any telephone number disclosure, indi-cating that the telephone number will provide access to additional information by stating only ‘Call for more food information.’; ‘‘(2) the electronic or digital link will provide access to the bioengineering disclosure located, in a consistent and conspicuous manner, on the first product information page that appears for the product on a mobile device, Internet website, or other landing page, which shall exclude mar-keting and promotional information; ‘‘(3)(A) the electronic or digital link disclosure may not collect, analyze, or sell any personally identifiable information about consumers or the devices of consumers; but ‘‘(B) if information described in subparagraph (A) must be collected to carry out the purposes of this subtitle, that information shall be deleted immediately and not used for any other pur-pose; ‘‘(4) the electronic or digital link disclosure also includes a telephone number that provides access to the bioengineering disclosure; and ‘‘(5) the electronic or digital link disclosure is of sufficient size to be easily and effectively scanned or read by a digital device. ‘‘(e) STATE FOODLABELING STANDARDS .—Not- withstanding section 295, no State or political subdivision of a State may directly or indirectly establish under any authority or continue in ef-fect as to any food in interstate commerce any requirement relating to the labeling or disclosure of whether a food is bioengineered or was devel-oped or produced using bioengineering for a food that is the subject of the national bioengi-neered food disclosure standard under this sec-tion that is not identical to the mandatory dis-closure requirement under that standard. ‘‘(f) C
ONSISTENCY WITHCERTAIN LAWS.—The Secretary shall consider establishing consistency between— ‘‘(1) the national bioengineered food disclo-sure standard established under this section; and ‘‘(2) the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) and any rules or regula-tions implementing that Act. ‘‘(g) E
NFORCEMENT .— ‘‘(1) P
ROHIBITED ACT .—It shall be a prohibited act for a person to knowingly fail to make a dis-closure as required under this section. ‘‘(2) R
ECORDKEEPING .—Each person subject to the mandatory disclosure requirement under this section shall maintain, and make available to the Secretary, on request, such records as the Secretary determines to be customary or reason-able in the food industry, by regulation, to es-tablish compliance with this section. ‘‘(3) E
XAMINATION AND AUDIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may con-duct an examination, audit, or similar activity with respect to any records required under para-graph (2). ‘‘(B) N
OTICE AND HEARING .—A person subject to an examination, audit, or similar activity under subparagraph (A) shall be provided notice and opportunity for a hearing on the results of any examination, audit, or similar activity. ‘‘(C) A
UDIT RESULTS .—After the notice and opportunity for a hearing under subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall make public the sum-mary of any examination, audit, or similar ac-tivity under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(4) R
ECALL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary shall have no authority to recall any food subject to this subtitle on the basis of whether the food bears a disclosure that the food is bioengineered. 
‘‘SEC. 294. SAVINGS PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) T RADE .—This subtitle shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obliga-tions under international agreements. ‘‘(b) O
THER AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this subtitle— ‘‘(1) affects the authority of the Secretary of Health and Human Services or creates any rights or obligations for any person under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.); or ‘‘(2) affects the authority of the Secretary of the Treasury or creates any rights or obligations for any person under the Federal Alcohol Ad-ministration Act (27 U.S.C. 201 et seq.). ‘‘(c) O
THER.—A food may not be considered to be ‘not bioengineered’, ‘non-GMO’, or any other similar claim describing the absence of bio-engineering in the food solely because the food is not required to bear a disclosure that the food is bioengineered under this subtitle. ‘‘Subtitle F—Labeling of Certain Food 
‘‘SEC. 295. FEDERAL PREEMPTION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF FOOD.—In this subtitle, the term ‘food’ has the meaning given the term in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). ‘‘(b) F
EDERAL PREEMPTION .—No State or a po-litical subdivision of a State may directly or in-directly establish under any authority or con-tinue in effect as to any food or seed in inter-state commerce any requirement relating to the labeling of whether a food (including food served in a restaurant or similar establishment) or seed is genetically engineered (which shall in-clude such other similar terms as determined by the Secretary of Agriculture) or was developed or produced using genetic engineering, includ-ing any requirement for claims that a food or seed is or contains an ingredient that was devel-oped or produced using genetic engineering. ‘‘SEC. 296. EXCLUSION FROM FEDERAL PREEMP-TION. 
‘‘Nothing in this subtitle, subtitle E, or any regulation, rule, or requirement promulgated in accordance with this subtitle or subtitle E shall be construed to preempt any remedy created by a State or Federal statutory or common law right.’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANICALLY PRODUCED FOOD. 
In the case of a food certified under the na-tional organic program established under the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.), the certification shall be considered sufficient to make a claim regarding the absence of bioengineering in the food, such as ‘‘not bio-engineered’’, ‘‘non-GMO’’, or another similar claim. 
MOTION OFFERED BY MR . CONAWAY  
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Conaway moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the bill, S. 764. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 822, the mo-tion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Agriculture. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ON-
AWAY ) and the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. P
ETERSON ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. b0930 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on S. 764. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, for thousands of years, mankind has used biotechnology in its various forms to improve crops and livestock. In fact, these technologies have led to the evolution of nearly every food product we consume and have enabled us to enjoy the safest, highest quality, and most abundant and affordable supply food and fiber in the history of the world. The majority of the scientific com-munity, including the American Med-ical Association, the World Health Or-ganization, and the National Academy of Sciences, contends that food prod-ucts grown with the use of bio-technology are just as safe as, if not safer than, any other food. Just last month, a group of 107 Nobel laureates joined the effort to fight back against the anti-science, activist group Greenpeace for its attempts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.001 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4934 July 14, 2016 
stifle these lifesaving advances. With almost 800 million malnourished people worldwide and the global population expected to rise to 9 billion by 2050, we are more reliant on biotechnology than ever to meet the ever-increasing de-mand for a safe and stable food supply. In recent years, campaigns against agricultural biotechnology have raised concerns among consumers, and some States have begun to implement arbi-trary and inconsistent labeling laws that threaten to increase consumer confusion and food costs while ulti-mately interfering with interstate commerce. The bill before us today addresses these issues by providing a blueprint for a nationwide uniform standard for labeling products derived from bio-technology. Though I believe the gov-ernment should only require labels when it is a matter of health or safety, or to provide valuable nutritional in-formation, it is important that this State-by-State patchwork not disrupt the nationwide marketing of food. With the Vermont mandate kicking in earlier this month, time is now of the essence. I reached out to USDA last week, asking for clarification on the limits of authority that the Senate bill vests with the Secretary. USDA’S re-sponse has helped to provide much- needed clarity. I include in the R
ECORD  those letters. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , S UB-
COMMITTEE ON NUTRITION , Washington, DC, July 7, 2016. Mr. J
EFFREY PRIETO , General Counsel, U.S. Department of Agri-culture, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. PRIETO : In the next day or so, the Senate is expected to vote on S. 764, a bill requiring mandatory disclosure of ge-netically engineered food. The House of Rep-resentatives passed its own bill, the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015, last year. However, because of the time con-straint imposed by the Vermont law, the House and Senate will be unable to con-ference the two bills and the House expects to take up the Senate bill in a matter of days. As a result, I am looking to the De-partment to clarify some remaining areas of ambiguity in the Senate’s legislation. Ac-cordingly, I ask that the Department provide answers to the following questions: 1. It is my understanding that the preemp-tion provision is to take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. Absent such clari-fying language in this bill, I would like as-surances from you that you understand the above to be the intent of Congress and that you would indeed interpret the language to mean as such. 2. After reading the text of the bill, I had serious concerns over what limitations ex-isted as far as what can be required in the actual disclosure. I was directed to look at section 292 regarding applicability. As it was explained to me, that section is meant to limit the application of the disclosure re-quirement only to the presence of the bio-engineered food or ingredient. The language seems somewhat unclear. Can you confirm that the Department would have no author-ity beyond requiring disclosure of the pres-ence of a bioengineered food or ingredient? Do the same limitations apply to the content of the text or symbol options for disclosure? 3. In response to the study required by Sec. 293(c), the Secretary ‘‘shall provide addi-tional and comparable options to access the bioengineering disclosure.’’ Does this provi-sion direct the Secretary to provide a means of accessing the disclosure (e.g. paying to in-stall land-line phones in supermarkets, pur-chasing and donating mobile phones for cus-tomers to able access QR codes, etc)? Does this provision limit the Department’s au-thority, simply providing additional disclo-sure options comparable to those enumer-ated in Sec. 293(b)(2)(D)? 4. There appears to be overlap between the new authorities and limitations on authori-ties conferred upon the Secretary and exist-ing authorities. For instance, while this bill specifies that there is no new recall author-ity, the Department already has recall au-thority. Is it your understanding that such authorities cannot be used in the context of bioengineered food disclosure unless the use is specifically authorized by this bill? Finally, the Senate bill provides no fund-ing to implement the mandatory labeling program. I would be remiss if! did not point out that I, along with all parties with whom I have conferred, expect this program to be implemented by the Department using funds not otherwise dedicated to ensuring the safe-ty of our nation’s food supply. Thank you for your willingness to work with me on this matter. Again, given the short timeframe, a prompt response to the above questions would be appreciated. Sincerely, K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
U.S. D EPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE , O
FFICE OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL , Washington, DC, July 8, 2016. Representative M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, House Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY , Thank you for your letter of July 7, 2016 inquiring as to var-ious technical aspects of the legislative text of the GMO labeling bill currently pending before the U.S. Senate. The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), as the lead implementing agency has carefully studied this legislation from legal, program policy, and scientific aspects. I will respond in turn below to the questions raised in your letter. 1. It is my understanding that the preemp-tion provision is to take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. Absent such clari-fying language in this bill, I would like as-surances from you that you understand the above to be the intent of Congress and that you would indeed interpret the language to mean as such. The preemption provisions in Sections 293(e) and 295 of the Senate bill are triggered upon the date of enactment. 2. After reading the text of the bill, I had serious concerns over what limitations ex-isted as far as what can be required in the actual disclosure. I was directed to look at section 292 regarding applicability. As it was explained to me, that section is meant to limit the application of the disclosure re-quirement only to the presence of the bio-engineered food or ingredient. The language seems somewhat unclear. Can you confirm that the Department would have no author-ity beyond requiring disclosure of the pres-ence of a bioengineered food or ingredient? Do the same limitations apply to the content of the text or symbol options for disclosure? The Section 293 of the Senate bill only au-thorizes the Secretary to require disclosure pertaining to the presence of bioengineered food. 3. In response to the study required by Sec. 293(c), the Secretary ‘‘shall provide addi-tional and comparable options to access the bioengineering disclosure.’’ Does this provi-sion direct the Secretary to provide a means of accessing the disclosure (e.g. paying to in-stall land-line phones in supermarkets, pur-chasing and donating mobile phones for cus-tomers to be able access QR codes, etc.)? Does this provision limit the Secretary’s au-thority, simply providing additional disclo-sure options comparable to those enumer-ated in Sec. 293(b)(2)(D)? Section 293(c) of the Senate bill calls for a study to be conducted subsequent to enact-ment to determine if there are technological or other barriers to accessing the electronic disclosure. If the Secretary determines that barriers exist, the bill requires the Secretary to offer other comparable means of dis-closing bioengineered foods. The Senate bill does not provide any new authority to pro-vide equipment, funding, or services to assist in accessing the electronic disclosure. 4. There appears to be overlap between the new authorities and limitations on authori-ties conferred upon the Secretary and exist-ing authorities. For instance, while this bill specifies that there is no recall authority, the Department already has recall authority. Similarly, the Department has other label-ing authority apart from what this bill now grants. Is it your understanding that such authorities cannot be used in the context of bioengineered food disclosure unless the use is specifically authorized by this bill? As an initial matter, the Secretary does not have authority to mandate a recall of meat, poultry or egg products. The Senate bill does not present avenues to utilize recall for the purposes of implementing the disclo-sure provisions of this bill. If needed, my team and our USDA pro-grammatic and scientific experts are avail-able to discuss any aspects of the legislation in greater detail at your request. Please do not hesitate to contact me. Sincerely, 
(For Jeffrey M. Prieto, General Counsel). 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, ad-vances in biotechnology are key to the future of agriculture and to ensuring the world has an adequate and stable supply of food. Those advances can only be maintained if we preserve interstate commerce while turning the page on a debate that has unneces-sarily maligned this lifesaving tech-nology. I stand in support of this bill and en-courage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the bill we are consid-ering today, S. 764, recognizes con-sumers’ demand to know more about their food by directing USDA to create a national, mandatory genetically en-gineered food labeling program. My colleagues may remember that almost a year ago, this Chamber passed legislation to establish a voluntary la-beling program. I still believe a vol-untary label is best, but, frankly, if we are going to address this issue—and, as the chairman said, we are out of time— we need to work with the Senate. This is the compromise that was reached and, in my opinion, is probably the only alternative that is available at this point. Science tells us that foods and ingre-dients from genetically engineered crops are safe to eat. This technology 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.009 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4935 July 14, 2016 
allows farmers to protect natural re-sources and provide an abundant food supply. Unfortunately, there is a lot of public confusion about these issues, but label-ing products is really more about mar-keting than any safety concerns that people have. This legislation is needed to avoid a situation where 50 States set up 50 different labels, which would only create confusion for consumers, farm-ers, and food companies. News reports indicate that Vermont’s labeling law, which went into effect July 1, has already led to the loss of some 3,000 products from store shelves. This legislation would rectify this problem while addressing the law’s shortcoming. For example, the Vermont law ex-empts processed food products con-taining meat from labeling. So cheese pizza would be labeled, but pepperoni pizza would not. That doesn’t make any sense. S. 764 closes this loophole, requiring an additional 25,000 food products to meet new labeling require-ments. I am also pleased that USDA will be responsible for implementing and en-forcing this program. They have the expertise to do this. They have shown this with the labeling that they did for the successful National Organic Pro-gram. I would also like to note that S. 764 received strong bipartisan support in the Senate and more than 1,000 farm and food organizations, including the American Farm Bureau Federation, Grocery Manufacturers Association, and Organic Trade Association, and others are calling for passage. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I believe this is a good compromise. It is another ex-ample of what the Agriculture Com-mittee has consistently done so well. No one gets everything they want, but at the end of the day, I believe this is a bill that will provide the trans-parency consumers crave while at the same time allow continued innovation in food production. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his hard work in getting us to where we are today. I want to give a special thanks to M
IKEPOMPEO , who helped craft this legislation that, over a year ago in the House, 275 Republicans and Democrats voted on a bill to establish a voluntary nationwide program that would give consumers access to the information that they have requested about the food that they are actually consuming. This bill would have protected ad-vancements in food production and in-novation and ended the patchwork of State laws threatening our interstate commerce. I was extremely disappointed to see that a small group of Members from the other body blocked this common-sense, bipartisan legislation to protect vital agricultural technology that has been proven time and time again by science to be safe. I want to ensure that Americans have access to affordable food—and this bill would have done that—and to help address our world’s hunger needs that biotechnology can only do in the future. Unfortunately, this process has stalled for months. Congress was not able to act before Vermont’s law went into effect on July 1. Just having one State alter the law—their law—would provide a drastic, drastic negative im-pact on producers in my district. Despite what you may hear today, Mr. Speaker, this is not, and never will be, a movement for people to know more about what is in their food. This is a movement by people who want you to pay more for food using practices that are elite, not readily available, and expensive to the hard-working families in this country. These activ-ists have publicly acknowledged their objective is to stigmatize a safe and valuable tool for America’s farmers and ranchers. If leaders of this movement in Vermont were so pure in their motives, they would not have exempted proc-essed dairy foods, which excludes GMO labeling of a little ice cream company that operates in Vermont. I say, if ice cream from Illinois ought to have a label in Vermont, the environmentally conscious ice cream company from Vermont ought to follow the same rule. While I still believe the voluntary ap-proach is the correct course of action, I am supporting this legislation. The clock has run out. My producers need certainty. An interstate commerce nightmare will shortly pursue if we don’t pass this bill. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ). Ms. PINGREE. I thank the gen-tleman from Minnesota for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this bill is a com-plicated solution to a simple problem. Consumers do have the right to know what is in their food, but the problem is that, right now, when you pick up a box of cereal or a bag of rice in the gro-cery store, you don’t know if you are buying something with GMO ingredi-ents in it. The solution is simple: list GMO ingredients on the back of the package in the ingredient list in plain English. It is a solution that 64 other coun-tries around the world have already adopted. Most of Europe, Japan, Rus-sia, even China, all require a simple, on-package label that anyone can read. But this bill fails to take that obvious, simple step toward transparency. In-stead, it calls for a QR code on the label, which would require a smartphone and a special app and a good cell signal to translate. A com-plicated solution to a simple problem. To be clear, knowing what is in the package does not determine the safety or health of GMO ingredients. It is about the consumers’ right to know so they can make that decision for them-selves. I am voting against this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my support for S. 764, the Senate-passed biotechnology labeling legislation that we are considering today. Without enactment of this legisla-tion today, right now, we will continue to see the emergence of an incompat-ible patchwork of State laws, like the one that took effect in Vermont just 2 weeks ago. As a farmer myself, I can tell you with some authority that if these State laws, with their conflicting definitions and labeling requirements, are allowed to take effect, it will increase the cost of production and compliance for farm-ers as well as food producers. This, in turn, will drive up grocery bills for American families by hun-dreds, even thousands of dollars. Mr. Speaker, I believe that is an unaccept-able and unconscionable outcome to in-flict on the American people. To be clear, I don’t think this bill is perfect. It is far from it. It is filled with ambiguous statements and, in many places, offers little guidance to USDA on how to best implement the bill’s provisions. I am also disappointed the Senate waited until the very last moment, im-posing this crisis on the House, leaving us with only two options: either act on this imperfect bill or let the American people suffer. Mr. Speaker, let the record reflect that the House did its job. It passed a biotech labeling bill for the Senate’s consideration an entire year ago. Generally, when we are talking about food labeling, it is for health and safety purposes. I believe people have a right to know what it is they are eating. But today we find ourselves in a place to require mandatory labeling for agri-culture products that are 100 percent safe. With my reservations noted, passing this bill is the right thing to do. It will establish a meaningful national stand-ard for biotech labeling that will pre-vent an unworkable patchwork of con-flicting State laws. It will provide con-sumers with information they want. And, finally, it will create an environ-ment where farmers and researchers can continue to do their work and de-velop new food varieties that are healthier, more abundant, and more pest- and disease-resistant, and allow us to continue to feed our Nation and the world. I urge my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. D
EFAZIO), the esteemed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.010 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4936 July 14, 2016 
ranking member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Mr. D
EFAZIO. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I would agree with one of the earlier speakers. It would be con-fusing for consumers to have 50 dif-ferent State standards. There is a sim-ple solution, but it is not what is be-fore us today: a simple, forthright dis-closure in plain English. For instance, this was obtained out of a House vending machine just today. It was distributed by Mars. We are all familiar with M&Ms. Partially pro-duced with genetic engineering. Wow, that wasn’t too hard, was it? I think that is what we should be doing here today, instead of saying: Oh, we are going to maybe have one of three ways of doing it, and one of them will be a QR code. Well, this doesn’t have any QR codes on it, so I won’t get my QR reader out. So the average American will be in the grocery store pulling out their iPhone and they are going to have hope there is a good signal in there and they are going to read that. That is ridiculous. Sixty-four countries require this. The last time we debated this, I brought in a Hershey’s bar wrapper. It had a little nice American flag on it. Made in America. Contains GMOs. That is the version they sell in 64 other countries, but they can’t do it here. They say you can’t do it here. It is too expensive. We will have to change the labels. Well, M&M’s just changed the labels. And now, with what you are doing today, they will probably change it back and take off the words that say ‘‘partially produced with genetic engi-neering,’’ because they won’t have to do that anymore. b0945 This is not about passing judgment on the safety or the science behind ge-netic engineering. It is to say that 90 percent of the American people want to know what is in their food. They want to know it has Blue 1, Lake Yellow 6, Red 40, corn syrup, dextrin, corn starch, peanuts, milk, soy, oh, and par-tially produced with genetic engineer-ing. That is not too hard. That is what the American people want. But you are going to deny them that. On any other day, I would hear my Republican colleagues say we’re for states’ rights. Well, now we are just about to preempt the States because, if the States do it, it will become con-fusing. Well, how about we just have a na-tional standard, plain and simple, plain English, so that American consumers will know. It is not too hard, and it is very sad that we have come to this point. I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kan-sas (Mr. P
OMPEO ), who has been in-volved with this process for a long time. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the farmers and constituents in my district and across the country, I rise in support of S. 764 today. Over, now, what amounts to almost 3 years, Representatives and Senators from both parties have been diligently working on a solution to prevent a dis-astrous, statewide patchwork of food labeling laws from taking shape and causing chaos throughout our Nation’s food supply chain. As the proud sponsor of H.R. 1599, the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act, which passed the House almost 1 year ago by a large bipartisan majority, I want to thank Senator ROBERTS and our friends in the Senate for building on our legislation and arriving at a so-lution to resolve this matter. It is not perfect; it is not exactly the bill that we passed over; but without this legislation, inconsistent State- level food labeling laws will lead to market disruptions and supply chain complications which are simply intol-erable for our ranchers and our farmers and those attempting to feed the world. It would not only harm agriculture communities, but it would have re-sulted in higher prices at the grocery store for hardworking Kansans and people all across our country. I am extremely proud of the coalition that we have all built. Our committee, the Energy and Commerce Committee, the Agriculture Committee have worked hard to get to this day. From Coffeyville to Colby, Kansans need a workable solution, and this legislation will do that trick. We couldn’t have gotten here without the massive support I have received from all across Kansas, people like Rich Felts, the president of the Kansas Farm Bureau, and Stacey Forshee, who came and helped me at the most dif-ficult times in making this legislation work. She is a mother and a farmer from Cloud County, Kansas. Mick Rausch, a good friend and farmer in Sedgwick County and head of the Sedg-wick County Farm Bureau. Max Tjaden and his wife, Anne, worked diligently to help make this legislation come into being. Kent Winter, Leslie Kauffman, Tom Tunnel, Philip Bradley, Matt Perrier, from the Kansas Livestock As-sociation, Dennis Hupe, and Raylen Phelon, all were part of making this day occur. It will be better for Kansans; it will be better for Americans; and America will now have the capacity to use bio-technology to continue to feed that next billion people and solve the in-credible hunger risk that faces our globe. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. S
CHRADER ). Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, S. 764, well, we can demonize the work of Con-gress on a regular basis and, unfortu-nately, sometimes we are our own worst enemies. I, on the other hand, feel that S. 764 is an example of Con-gress getting it right. This is a big country, a lot of diverse opinions about what we should and shouldn’t be doing. I am a farmer and I am a veteri-narian, a man of science. I am con-cerned, very concerned, much like my good colleague and friend from Wash-ington State on the other side of the aisle, that there is a campaign of mis-information and disinformation about the health and safety of American food. I will stack American farmers and pro-ducers up against anyone in the world for producing the healthiest and safest food for American consumers. This is a hard-fought compromise— hard-fought, very hard-fought. I was on the Ag Committee when we started this discussion. A lot of people want to know what is in their food, they say. Well, that is why we have ingredient labeling so, as my good colleague and friend from Oregon talked about, you can read what is on the label that might be important to you in terms of allergies, safety information, things that might actually affect your health and welfare. Genetic engineering has been around for centuries. As a man of science, I will tell you, it is a lot safer to do it in a laboratory than out in the field where you have mutations that you can’t control that might actually be detrimental to your health and safety. In the laboratory, you can control a great deal of that. And lost in this discussion is what genetic engineering biotechnology has done for the people of this world. I re-member not too many years ago—I am a little older—where we were worried about feeding the world’s population. Back in 1965, 1966, there was concern: Do we have enough arable land? Is the food going to be nutritious? A lot of people in other countries without conducive climates can’t raise their own food. In this country, we can, and, through science and engineering, we have created more nutritious crops, crops that can grow in bad environ-ments. We can now do no-till because we have agents that will control weeds and pests. If you are concerned about climate change, you ought to be strongly in favor of this bill—strongly in favor of this bill. This is less use of some of the very agents that some of my friends on my side of the aisle are concerned about. Having said that, I am from Oregon. We are a transparency State. We want to know as much as we can about ev-erything—our election processes, our environment, and, apparently, our food. The Senate has come up with a com-promise. I liked our House bill, but they have come up with a compromise. We now have labeling for GMO. We ac-tually have a definition in this bill of what GMO is so the consumer is pro-tected. Again, it is not a patchwork of regulations around the country. Now we have a standard that the consumer can take to the bank and understand. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.011 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4937 July 14, 2016 
The idea that people don’t have cell phones is ludicrous. I have had people in pretty tough situations in my dis-trict, don’t have a whole heck of a lot, but they have got a cell phone. They know how to use it, get the apps and make sure they can understand what is in their food. I think this should be an hour we cel-ebrate. The other side has to, finally, I hope, accept victory. We have a manda-tory labeling for GMO. This is a great compromise. Democrats, Republicans, Senate, and House, let’s accept and vote for S. 764 for the American consumer and the American farmer. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I cer-tainly appreciate the previous speak-er’s comments. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Mas-sachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ). Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, this bill is a prime example of why the American people are so frustrated with Congress. This is a deeply, deeply flawed bill. We are told that this is a mandatory GMO labeling bill, but the truth is not really. This bill is a deception. When people think of labels, they expect something that is easily identifiable, that is clear, like a written label. That is not a controversial idea. This calls for a so-called Quick Re-sponse Code, whatever that may be, that is confusing and can only be accessed by using a smartphone with Internet access—never mind that many Americans don’t have smartphones and many supermarkets don’t even get service, thereby making it impossible to get information on GMOs and keep-ing consumers in the dark about what is in their food. But let’s be honest. This is exactly what some in Big Industry want. They want people to be confused. They don’t want people to have access to informa-tion. And when Big Industry speaks, Congress not only listens, Congress rolls over and gives Big Industry what-ever it wants. And let’s be clear about another thing. This debate is not about the science regarding GMOs. It is not about whether you love GMOs or hate GMOs. I consume GMOs. My kids consume GMOs. But I still believe that every consumer is entitled to know whether the food they buy contains GMOs. That is what this debate is about. It is about transparency. And for those who think that this ends the debate, that this is it, I have a prediction: You are wrong. People are going to fight to demand for clear, mandatory GMO labeling. They have a right to know what is in their food. The overwhelming majority of the American people, Democrats and Re-publicans, all favor clear, mandatory GMO labeling. I have got a radical idea. Why don’t we give them what they want? Why don’t we just put it on the package? It doesn’t cost any more. This idea that this is an effort that will raise food prices is ridiculous. This convoluted, complicated label-ing system outlined in this bill, if that is not going to raise food prices, then a simple, in plain English listing on food that says ‘‘this contains GMOs’’ will certainly not raise food prices. Mr. Speaker, sooner or later we are going to get clear, mandatory GMO la-beling. I prefer sooner; and, therefore, I urge my colleagues to reject this bill, and let’s give the American consumer what they want. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. I would point out to the gentleman, Mr. Speaker, that there are other op-tions besides the QR code with respect to complying and getting the informa-tion for those few consumers that real-ly, really want to know this informa-tion; they can get it. This bill requires that the Secretary, within 1 year—actually, the rule is al-ready written—within 1 year to con-duct a study to make sure that con-sumers are really, in fact, getting the information they want in the ways that they want to get it, and then the Secretary will have ways of proposing additional comparable options for this issue. The gentleman is misleading in the sense that there are other options to make this happen; and if it is not working, the Secretary of the Depart-ment of Agriculture will be able to complete that study. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ). Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, people shouldn’t have to jump through hoops to know what is in their food. That is really what this issue is all about. When we go the grocery store, the very first thing that you do is you pick up whatever it is you are looking at and you read the label to see if it con-tains products or ingredients or things that you want to eat or that you want to feed your family. Nearly 90 percent of Americans have called for this clear, simple, direct la-beling of foods that have been either genetically engineered or modified. They support this very simple concept that we have a right to know what is in the food we eat; yet the GMO bill that we are voting on today is very mis-leading. Proponents will say that this is a la-beling bill, but it is not really about the right to know. It actually creates an illusion of transparency, while mak-ing things more difficult for con-sumers, not easier. This is, as we have heard earlier, ex-actly what people hate about Wash-ington, that we pretend to solve a prob-lem when, actually, we are just making things harder and more confusing for the American people. If this bill is really, truly intended to expand consumers’ right to know, why not require a simple, uniform food la-beling standard that is clear, straight-forward, and easy to read? Instead of doing that, this bill cre-ates a system of electronic codes, sym-bols, and text that are intentionally confusing to consumers, making them work harder to try to get access to in-formation that should be readily avail-able to them. Additionally, this bill lacks any enforcement measure to hold companies accountable if they don’t comply with labeling requirements. This bill has raised concerns from the FDA over the bill’s narrow definition of genetic engineering that leaves com-mon foods without any labeling re-quirement at all. So let’s stop pretending that S. 764 does anything but create confusion, making it harder for the American peo-ple to know what is in their food. This is exactly the opposite of what they are calling for. Sixty-four countries around the world have already required labeling of genetically modified foods, like the EU, Australia, Japan, and many others, and this is what we are calling for today. For here, in the United States, we must have one uniform national la-beling standard that is simple, clear, and makes it easier for consumers to make their own informed decisions about the food that they are eating. I have cosponsored H.R. 913, intro-duced by my colleague, PETEDEFAZIO, which would do just that. The bill passed by the Senate and the bill be-fore us today is a bad bill that does not serve the best interests of the Amer-ican people. That is why I strongly op-pose this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. b1000 Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, a little background on this bill. This started in Vermont, where there was a strong citizen movement to have the right to know what was in their food. It was not a battle about the science of GMOs or about whether it was healthy or not. It was really based on the proposition that for a consumer who wishes to know what is in their food, whether it is the number of cal-ories or whether it is GMO-produced, they had a right to know. It is as sim-ple as that. The irony here is that the pushback has been from folks who are advocating the benefits of GMOs. If they are so great—and I am not disputing what some of their benefits may be—why not brag about it by putting it on the label? Why hide it? It really doesn’t make a lot of sense. In Vermont, we had a bipartisan vote in the Senate 28–2 and a strong, bipar-tisan vote in the House that was based upon the right of Vermonters who wanted to know whether there were GMOs to have that knowledge. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.012 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4938 July 14, 2016 
There was a lot of pushback initially by industry, but some of the industry has kind of got it right: if the con-sumer wants to know, let them know. Kellogg’s and Campbell Soup both now have labeling on their products and let the consumers know. What is really the big deal? Now we have a bill from the Senate that, frankly, when you look at it, it is kind of dumb, because what it does is give options on how you ‘‘label.’’ You can use English, where right on the label you can read ‘‘GMOs’’ or not. That makes sense. But then there is another mechanism where there is, like, a barcode. You have to go to the store with your iPhone, scan the barcode—by the way, when you are grocery shopping, you are trying to get home, get dinner on, you have kids that are trying to go to a school practice. And you are sup-posed to stop and scan the barcode and go to a Web site to see whether that can of black bean soup has GMOs or not? The other option you can have is you can, in the middle of the store, dial a 1– 800 number, get a call center, probably overseas, and talk to somebody and ask them whether this can of soup that you are holding 5,000 miles away from the person you are talking to contains GMOs or not. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. WELCH. So we have this situa-tion where, in the Senate bill that we are now considering, there is an ac-knowledgment that there should be a label, but it contains a label that is im-possible to read. So if there is an acknowledgment about the right of a consumer to have access to the information, why not give them the information in plain and sim-ple English? We don’t have to do dumb end-arounds in order to give consumers the information they are seeking. That is the essence of the opposition to this bill. Make it simple, keep it simple, and let people know what it is they are buying so they can make the decision. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, my good friend just spoke—and he is my friend, not the common ‘‘my good friend’’ nonsense we typically say around here, but the gentleman from Vermont is my friend. And his argu-ment would be a bit more forceful if, in fact, the wisdom of the Vermont legis-lature that he touted hadn’t exempted all those State-produced products, like Ben and Jerry’s ice cream, from the important label that folks who eat ice cream, apparently, in Vermont don’t need to know. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, is the gentleman from Texas ready to close? Mr. CONAWAY. Yes. I have no fur-ther speakers. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Again, this isn’t a perfect bill. I think the chairman and I would prefer the House bill, but this is a bill that was able to pass the Senate. It will get us past this crisis situation that was developed because of the Vermont law going into effect. It is something that we think is workable and gives the USDA the au-thority to not only develop this system but also, for the first time, actually de-termine what this means. Because that is one of the big issues, that as you talk to 10 different people about what a GMO is, you get 10 different answers. So what is going to happen here is we are going to have a situation where we will define what this means. That is a big step forward. I encourage my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, before I yield back, I want to thank everybody involved in this debate, particularly my team and the hard work they did. The bill that we passed a year ago with much labor and much work wound up not being the answer that we all wanted. I think we got 275 of our col-leagues to vote for it a year ago. There have been a lot of efforts in this regard. I want to thank our team for doing that. I want to thank the ranking member and his team for the hard work they have been doing. I appreciate the civility of the debate this morning and look forward to pas-sage of the bill shortly. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote in favor of S. 764 when it comes to the floor later on. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, today this body voted on S.764, compromise legislation that provides a bipartisan solution to the state and local laws mandating different require-ments for the labeling of genetically engi-neered (GE) ingredients in foods. While I was not present to vote on this legislation, had I been, I would have voted in favor of the bill. It is a reality that many of our crops are ge-netically modified and it is important that food companies disclose ingredient information. S. 764 is a compromise and provides a common sense federal solution to a patchwork system that has the potential to disrupt the food sup-ply chain by having certain labeling require-ments in some states but not others, with the increased compliance costs ultimately being passed along to the consumer. The bill insti-tutes a national mandatory labeling standard for foods that contain genetically engineered crops, with several options for how food man-ufacturers can label their products. Mr. Speaker, it is for this reason that I sup-port the disclosure of ingredient information and would have voted in support of this bill. I will continue to work tirelessly to ensure that no consumer is left in the dark regarding the ingredients of their food. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I will vote in opposition to S. 764, on labeling requirements for geneti-cally-engineered foods. While I recognize this legislation, with a mandatory labeling require-ment, is a step forward from the DARK Act that passed the House last year, it falls far short of the comprehensive labeling standard consumers need. More than ever, Americans want to know what goes into the food they eat, and have concerns about the presence of genetically- modified ingredients. Rather than clear, sen-sible labels for these ingredients, this bill would allow manufacturers to use QR codes and other technologies to satisfy label require-ments. These measures would shift a heavy burden to consumers to scan the code with a smartphone or other device and read about the food contents on a website rather than the package they hold in their hands. We need understandable, accessible labels that allow Americans to pick up a food product and eas-ily understand its contents. That is why I join with leading consumer groups like Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety, as well as prominent environmental or-ganizations like the Sierra Club, Natural Re-sources Defense Council, and League of Con-servation Voters to oppose this measure. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today, I will vote against S. 764, a bill that would pre-empt state genetically modified organism (GMO) labeling laws and replace them with a wholly inadequate federal standard. People should be able to know what they are eating. The bill before us today would ex-empt many genetically engineered (GE) foods from any labeling altogether and would pre-empt pro-consumer state laws, including the engineered food labeling laws in Vermont, Connecticut, and Maine. I actively supported an effort to pass a GMO labeling law in my home state of Oregon, and I continue to sup-port strong state efforts to stand up for trans-parency in the face of federal inadequacy or inaction. The bill also includes several vague stand-ards, and its labeling requirements would allow corporations to decide how to give con-sumers access to GE information, including through the use of a smartphone or the inter-net. Making access to GE labeling information electronic and/or dependent on a smartphone is not transparent, accessible, or available to many Americans. S. 764 has been sold as a ‘‘compromise’’ because it would require some labeling, but these provisions are clearly just a fig leaf We need plain language, mandatory, on-package labeling, and until federal law protects our right to know what we are eating, the federal government should not preempt state efforts to protect and inform their citizens. I continue to strongly support federal-level mandatory labeling for foods that contain GMOs, and I’m an original cosponsor of Rep. D
EFAZIO’s Genetically Engineered Food Right- to-Know Act (H.R. 913). I’ll continue pushing for stronger consumer protections when it comes to food safety and will oppose any at-tempts to undermine these efforts. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, while I am fully sup-portive of a national standard to label geneti-cally modified (GMO) foods, I am unable to support S. 764, the GMO Food Labeling Re-quirements bill. Although this bill takes an important step to-ward federal preemption, it does so at the ex-pense of consumer transparency and safety. For example, S. 764 falls short of providing a robust definition of ‘‘bioengineering’’, which will exempt the majority of GMO foods from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Oct 13, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD16\JUL2016\H14JY6.REC H14JY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4939 July 14, 2016 
being properly labeled. Additionally, this bill will hurt the most vulnerable among us. The provision to include ‘‘digital labeling’’ will with-hold valuable information about GMO foods from rural, low-income and elderly Americans who are less likely to own a smart phone or have access to the internet. That’s over 50 percent of rural and 65 per-cent of elderly people who will not be able to access the consumer information they need. Mr. Speaker, American consumers deserve the best information available when it comes to food choices that they make for themselves and their families. We must continue to address this vital issue because all consumers deserve the right to know what is in their food and how it’s grown. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana). All time for de-bate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 822, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed bills of the fol-lowing titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 1555. An act to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino vet-erans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. S. 2893. An act to reauthorize the sound re-cording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other pur-poses. S. 3207. An act to authorize the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to provide playback equipment in all formats. f 
b1015 IRAN ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 819, I call up the bill (H.R. 5631) to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes, and ask for its imme-diate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 819, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5631 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Iran Accountability Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Findings. Sec. 3. Sense of Congress. Sec. 4. Statement of policy. Sec. 5. Definitions. TITLE I—SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO ENTITIES OWNED BY IRAN’S REVOLU-TIONARY GUARD CORPS Sec. 101. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to the IRGC. Sec. 102. Additional sanctions with respect to foreign persons that support or conduct certain transactions with Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps or other sanc-tioned persons. Sec. 103. IRGC watch list and report. Sec. 104. Imposition of sanctions against Mahan Air. Sec. 105. Modification and extension of re-porting requirements on the use of certain Iranian seaports by foreign vessels and use of for-eign airports by sanctioned Ira-nian air carriers. TITLE II—IRAN BALLISTIC MISSILE SANCTIONS Sec. 201. Expansion of sanctions with re-spect to efforts by Iran to ac-quire ballistic missile and re-lated technology. Sec. 202. Expansion of sanctions under Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 with re-spect to persons that acquire or develop ballistic missiles. Sec. 203. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to ballistic missile pro-gram of Iran. Sec. 204. Expansion of mandatory sanctions with respect to financial insti-tutions that engage in certain transactions relating to bal-listic missile capabilities of Iran. Sec. 205. Disclosure to the Securities and Exchange Commission of activi-ties with certain sectors of Iran that support the ballistic mis-sile program of Iran. Sec. 206. Regulations. TITLE III—SANCTIONS RELATING TO IRAN’S SUPPORT OF TERRORISM Sec. 301. Special measures with respect to Iran relating to its designation as a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern. TITLE IV—SANCTIONS RELATING TO HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES IN IRAN Sec. 401. Expansion of list of persons in-volved in human rights abuses in Iran. Sec. 402. Identification of, and imposition of sanctions with respect to, cer-tain Iranian individuals. Sec. 403. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to persons who conduct transactions with or on behalf of certain Iranian individuals. Sec. 404. Mandatory sanctions with respect to financial institutions that engage in certain transactions on behalf of persons involved in human rights abuses or that ex-port sensitive technology to Iran. Sec. 405. United States support for the peo-ple of Iran. Sec. 406. United States Special Coordinator on Human Rights and Democ-racy in Iran. Sec. 407. Broadcasting to Iran. Sec. 408. Report on United States citizens detained by Iran. Sec. 409. Sense of Congress on role of the United Nations in promoting human rights in Iran. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) On April 2, 2015, in announcing a frame-work agreement for the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, President Obama stated that ‘‘other American sanctions on Iran for its support of terrorism, its human rights abuses, its ballistic missile program, will continue to be fully enforced’’. (2) On July 14, 2015, President Obama stat-ed that ‘‘we will maintain our own sanctions related to Iran’s support for terrorism, its ballistic missile program, and its human rights violations’’. (3) On January 16, 2016, President Obama stated that ‘‘We still have sanctions on Iran for its violations of human rights, for its support of terrorism, and for its ballistic missile program. And we will continue to en-force these sanctions, vigorously.’’. (4) On January 21, 2016, Secretary of State John Kerry admitted that sanctions relief under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion would go to terrorist organizations, stating: ‘‘I think that some of it will end up in the hands of the IRGC or other entities, some of which are labeled terrorists . . . You know, to some degree, I’m not going to sit here and tell you that every component of that can be prevented.’’. (5) Secretary of State John Kerry stated on July 23, 2015, ‘‘We will not violate the [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA)] if we use our authorities to impose sanctions on Iran for terrorism, human rights, mis-siles, or other nonnuclear reasons. And the JCPOA does not provide Iran any relief from United States sanctions under any of those authorities or other authorities.’’. (6) Director of National Intelligence James Clapper wrote on February 9, 2016, ‘‘[T]he Is-lamic Republic of Iran presents an enduring threat to U.S national interests because of its support to regional terrorist and militant groups and the Assad regime, as well as its development of advanced military capabili-ties. Tehran views itself as leading the ‘axis of resistance’ which includes the Asad re-gime and sub-national groups aligned with Iran, especially Lebanese Hezbollah and Iraqi Shia militants . . . Tehran might even use American citizens detained when enter-ing Iranian territories as bargaining pieces to achieve financial or political concessions in line with heir strategic intentions.’’. (7) Secretary of the Treasury Jacob Lew stated on July 14, 2015, ‘‘We harbor no illu-sions about the Iranian government’s nefar-ious activities beyond its nuclear program. Make no mistake: we will continue to im-pose and aggressively enforce sanctions to combat Iran’s support for terrorist groups, its fomenting of violence in the region, and its perpetration of human rights abuses.’’. 
SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) Iran’s ballistic missile program and sup-port for terrorism represents a serious threat to allies of the United States in the Middle East and Europe, members of the Armed Forces deployed in those regions, and ulti-mately the United States; and (2) the United States should impose tough primary and secondary sanctions against any person that directly or indirectly sup-ports the ballistic missile program of Iran, its state sponsorship of terrorism and human rights abuses, as well as against any foreign person or financial institution that engages in transactions or trade that support those efforts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.037 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4940 July 14, 2016 
SEC. 4. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States— (1) to continue to impose pressure on the Government of Iran for its role as the fore-most state sponsor of terrorism, its ongoing human rights abuses against the citizens of Iran and other peoples, and its unjust deten-tion of United States citizens; and (2) to continue to use sanctions as an ele-ment of that pressure and to discourage fi-nancial institutions and entities from engag-ing in business and commerce with Iranian entities tied to Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps and to Iranian officials involved in human rights abuses. 
SEC. 5. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) E
NTITY .—The term ‘‘entity’’ means any corporation, business association, partner-ship, trust, society, or any other entity. (2) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’ means an individual or entity that is not a United States person. (3) IRGC.—The term ‘‘IRGC’’ means— (A) Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps and any official, agent, or affiliate of Iran’s Rev-olutionary Guard Corps; or (B) any person owned or controlled by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps. (4) O
WN OR CONTROL .—The term ‘‘own or control’’ means, with respect to an entity— (A) to hold more than 25 percent of the eq-uity interest by vote or value in the entity; (B) to hold any seats on the board of direc-tors of the entity; or (C) to otherwise control the actions, poli-cies, or personnel decisions of the entity. (5) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means an individual or entity. (6) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. TITLE I—SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO ENTITIES OWNED BY IRAN’S REVOLU-TIONARY GUARD CORPS 
SEC. 101. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO THE IRGC. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Subtitle A of title III of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8741 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating section 304 as section 306; and (2) by inserting after section 303 the fol-lowing new sections: 
‘‘SEC. 304. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO IRAN’S REVOLUTIONARY GUARD CORPS, ANY OFFICIAL, AGENT, OR AFFILIATE OF IRAN’S REVOLUTIONARY GUARD CORPS, AND ANY PERSON OWNED OR CON-TROLLED BY IRAN’S REVOLU-TIONARY GUARD CORPS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and as appro-priate thereafter, the President shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with respect to Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, any official, agent, or affiliate of Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, and any person owned or controlled by Iran’s Revolu-tionary Guard Corps. ‘‘(b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) Sanctions applicable with respect to an organization that is designated by the Secretary of State as a foreign terrorist or-ganization pursuant to section 219 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). ‘‘(2) Sanctions applicable with respect to a foreign person pursuant to Executive Order 13224 (September 23, 2001; relating to block-ing property and prohibiting transactions with persons who commit, threaten to com-mit, or support terrorism). ‘‘SEC. 305. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) E
NTITY .—The term ‘entity’ means any corporation, business association, partner-ship, trust, society, or any other entity. ‘‘(2) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘foreign person’ means a person that is not a United States person. ‘‘(3) P
ERSON .—The term ‘person’ means an individual or entity. ‘‘(4) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘United States person’ means— ‘‘(A) a United States citizen or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or ‘‘(B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. ‘‘(5) O
WN OR CONTROL .—The term ‘own or control’ means, with respect to an entity— ‘‘(A) to hold more than 25 percent of the equity interest by vote or value in the enti-ty; ‘‘(B) to hold any seats on the board of di-rectors of the entity; or ‘‘(C) to otherwise control the actions, poli-cies, or personnel decisions of the entity.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 is amended by striking the item relating to section 304 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 304. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, any official, agent, or affiliate of Iran’s Rev-olutionary Guard Corps, and any person owned or controlled by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps. ‘‘Sec. 305. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 306. Rule of construction.’’. 
SEC. 102. ADDITIONAL SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO FOREIGN PERSONS THAT SUPPORT OR CONDUCT CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS WITH IRAN’S REVO-LUTIONARY GUARD CORPS OR OTHER SANCTIONED PERSONS. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION .—Section 302(a)(1) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8742(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter,’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and every 60 days thereafter,’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, pro-vide significant financial services to, or pro-vide material support to’’ after ‘‘trans-actions with’’; (3) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, provide significant financial services to, or provide material support to’’ after ‘‘transactions with’’; (B) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) a person designated as a foreign ter-rorist organization under section 219(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)) or that has provided support for an act of international terrorism (as de-fined in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note)); or ‘‘(iv) a foreign person whose property and access to property has been blocked pursuant to Executive Order 13224 (September 23, 2001; relating to blocking property and prohib-iting transactions with persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism).’’. (b) IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—Section 302(b) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8742(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Presi-dent—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘the President shall, in accordance with the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and pro-hibit all transactions in property and inter-ests in property with respect to such foreign person if such property and interests in prop-erty are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States per-son.’’. (c) W
AIVER OF IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .— Section 302(d) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8742(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘for a pe-riod of not more than 60 days, and may renew that waiver for additional periods of not more than 60 days,’’ after ‘‘may waive’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
UNSET .—The provisions of this sub-section and any waivers issued pursuant to this subsection shall terminate on December 31, 2018.’’. (d) W
AIVER OF IDENTIFICATIONS AND DES-
IGNATIONS .—Section 302(e) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8742(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding’’; (2) in paragraph (1) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘and subject to paragraph (2)’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and moving the margins 2 ems to the right; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) S
UNSET .—The provisions of this sub-section and any waivers issued pursuant to this subsection shall terminate on December 31, 2018.’’. (e) A
PPLICATION OF PROVISIONS OF IRAN S
ANCTIONS ACT OF 1996.—Section 302(f) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8742(f)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The following provisions’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The following provi-sions’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (8) as subparagraphs (A) through (H), respec-tively, and moving the margins 2 ems to the right; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) S
UNSET .—Sections 4(c) and 9(c) of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 shall not apply with respect to the imposition under sub-section (b) of sanctions relating to activities described in subsection (a)(1), in accordance with the provision of paragraph (1) of this subsection, after December 31, 2018.’’. 
SEC. 103. IRGC WATCH LIST AND REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall establish, maintain, and pub-lish in the Federal Register a list (to be known as the ‘‘IRGC Watch List’’) of— (1) each entity in which the IRGC has an ownership interest of less than 25 percent; (2) each entity in which the IRGC does not have an ownership interest if the IRGC maintains a presence on the board of direc-tors of the entity or otherwise influences the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.007 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4941 July 14, 2016 
actions, policies, or personnel decisions of the entity; and (3) each person that owns or controls an entity described in paragraph (1) or (2). (b) R
EPORTS REQUIRED .— (1) T
REASURY REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (i) the list required by subsection (a) and, in the case of any report submitted under this subparagraph after the first such report, any changes to the list since the submission of the preceding such report; and (ii) an assessment of the role of the IRGC in, and its penetration into, the economy of Iran. (B) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classi-fied annex if necessary. (2) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE RE -
PORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall— (i) conduct a review of the list required by subsection (a); and (ii) not later than 180 days after each re-port required by paragraph (1) is submitted to Congress, submit to Congress a report on the review conducted under clause (i). (B) C
ONSULTATIONS .—In preparing the re-port required by subparagraph (A)(ii), the Comptroller General shall consult with non-governmental organizations. 
SEC. 104. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS AGAINST MAHAN AIR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall im-pose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with respect to— (1) a person that provides, directly or indi-rectly, goods, services, technology, or finan-cial services, including the sale or provision of aircraft or aircraft parts, fuel, ramp as-sistance, baggage and cargo handling, cater-ing, refueling, ticketing, check-in services, crew handling, or other services related to flight operations, to or for Mahan Air or its agents or affiliates; or (2) any person owned or controlled by, or any person that owns or controls, a person described in paragraph (1). (b) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .— (1) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .—The President shall block, in accordance with the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person subject to subsection (a) if such prop-erty and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (2) E
XCLUSION FROM UNITED STATES .—The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ex-clude from the United States, any person subject to subsection (a) that is an alien. (c) C
OMPLIANCE WITH UNITED NATIONS  H
EADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Subsection (b)(2) shall not apply to the head of state of Iran, or necessary staff of that head of state, if admission to the United States is nec-essary to permit the United States to com-ply with the Agreement regarding the Head-quarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States. (d) A
PPLICABILITY OF ADDITIONAL SANC-
TIONS .—A person with respect to which the President imposes sanctions under sub-section (a) shall be considered an agent or af-filiate of the IRGC for purposes of sections 104 and 104A of the Comprehensive Iran Sanc-tions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513 and 8513b). (e) ADDITIONAL MEASURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall re-quire each covered person to provide a cer-tification to the President that the person does not conduct transactions with any per-son that provides, directly or indirectly, goods, services, technology, or financial services, including the sale or provision of aircraft or aircraft parts, fuel, ramp assist-ance, baggage or cargo handling, catering, refueling, ticketing, check-in services, crew handling, or other services related to flight operations— (A) to Mahan Air or its agents or affiliates; (B) for aircraft owned or operated by Mahan Air or its agents or affiliates; or (C) to a person described in section 105(a). (2) C
OVERED PERSON DEFINED .—In this sub-section, the term ‘‘covered person’’ means— (A) an air carrier or foreign air carrier, as those terms are defined in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code; or (B) a United States person that exports aircraft or components for aircraft. (f) R
EPORTS REQUIRED .— (1) DNI 
LIST.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Act, and annually thereafter, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit to Congress a list of each person described in subsection (e). (B) F
ORM OF LIST .—Each list required by subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex if necessary. (2) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (i) a list of countries where aircraft of Mahan Air or its agents or affiliates land; (ii) a description of the efforts of the Presi-dent to encourage countries to prohibit air-craft of Mahan Air or its agents or affiliates from landing in the territory of those coun-tries; and (iii) if the President has not imposed sanc-tions under section 105(a) with respect to any person described in subsection (e), an expla-nation for why the President has not im-posed such sanctions. (B) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classi-fied annex if necessary. (3) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE RE -
PORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall— (i) conduct a review of the certifications required by subsection (a), the lists required by paragraph (1), and the reports required by paragraph (2); and (ii) not later than 180 days after the sub-mission of each list required by paragraph (1) and each report required by paragraph (2), submit to Congress a report on the review conducted under clause (i). (B) C
ONSULTATIONS .—In preparing the re-port required by subparagraph (A)(ii), the Comptroller General shall consult with non-governmental organizations. 
SEC. 105. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF RE-PORTING REQUIREMENTS ON THE USE OF CERTAIN IRANIAN SEA-PORTS BY FOREIGN VESSELS AND USE OF FOREIGN AIRPORTS BY SANCTIONED IRANIAN AIR CAR-RIERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1252(a) of the Iran Freedom and Counter-Proliferation Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8808(a)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) a description of all efforts the Depart-ment of State has made to encourage other countries to prohibit the use of air space and airports by Iranian air carriers described in paragraph (2) during the period specified in subsection (b).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to reports required to be sub-mitted under section 1252(a) of the Iran Free-dom and Counter-Proliferation Act of 2012 on or after such date of enactment. TITLE II—IRAN BALLISTIC MISSILE SANCTIONS 
SEC. 201. EXPANSION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO EFFORTS BY IRAN TO AC-QUIRE BALLISTIC MISSILE AND RE-LATED TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) C ERTAIN PERSONS .—Section 1604(a) of the Iran-Iraq Arms Non-Proliferation Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–484; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘, to acquire bal-listic missile or related technology,’’ after ‘‘nuclear weapons’’. (b) F
OREIGN COUNTRIES .—Section 1605(a) of the Iran-Iraq Arms Non-Proliferation Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–484; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended, in the matter preceding para-graph (1), by inserting ‘‘, to acquire ballistic missile or related technology,’’ after ‘‘nu-clear weapons’’. 
SEC. 202. EXPANSION OF SANCTIONS UNDER IRAN SANCTIONS ACT OF 1996 WITH RESPECT TO PERSONS THAT AC-QUIRE OR DEVELOP BALLISTIC MIS-SILES. 
Section 5(b)(1)(B) of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘would likely’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (2) in clause (ii)— (A) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) by redesignating subclause (II) as sub-clause (III); and (C) by inserting after subclause (I) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(II) acquire or develop ballistic missiles and the capability to launch ballistic mis-siles; or’’. 
SEC. 203. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO BALLISTIC MISSILE PRO-GRAM OF IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title II of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8721 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Measures Relating to Ballistic Missile Program of Iran 
‘‘SEC. 231. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) A
GRICULTURAL COMMODITY .—The term ‘agricultural commodity’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of the Agricul-tural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5602). ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means the committees specified in section 14(2) of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). ‘‘(3) C
ORRESPONDENT ACCOUNT ; PAYABLE - 
THROUGH ACCOUNT .—The terms ‘cor-respondent account’ and ‘payable-through account’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code. ‘‘(4) F
OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘foreign financial institution’ has the meaning of that term as determined by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.007 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4942 July 14, 2016 
Secretary of the Treasury pursuant to sec-tion 104(i) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanc-tions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513(i)). ‘‘(5) G
OVERNMENT .—The term ‘Govern-ment’, with respect to a foreign country, in-cludes any agencies or instrumentalities of that Government and any entities controlled by that Government. ‘‘(6) M
EDICAL DEVICE .—The term ‘medical device’ has the meaning given the term ‘de-vice’ in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). ‘‘(7) M
EDICINE .—The term ‘medicine’ has the meaning given the term ‘drug’ in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATIONS OF SIGNIFICANCE .— For purposes of this subtitle, in determining if financial transactions or financial services are significant, the President may consider the totality of the facts and circumstances, including factors similar to the factors set forth in section 561.404 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or ruling). 
‘‘SEC. 232. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO PERSONS THAT SUPPORT THE BALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM OF IRAN. 
‘‘(a) I DENTIFICATION OF PERSONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and not less fre-quently than once every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report identifying persons that have provided mate-rial support to the Government of Iran in the development of the ballistic missile program of Iran. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: ‘‘(A) An identification of persons (disaggregated by Iranian and non-Iranian persons) with respect to which there is cred-ible evidence that such persons have pro-vided material support to the Government of Iran in the development of the ballistic mis-sile program of Iran, including persons that have— ‘‘(i) engaged in the direct or indirect provi-sion of material support to such program; ‘‘(ii) facilitated, supported, or engaged in activities to further the development of such program; ‘‘(iii) transmitted information relating to ballistic missiles to the Government of Iran; or ‘‘(iv) otherwise aided such program. ‘‘(B) A description of the character and sig-nificance of the cooperation of each person identified under subparagraph (A) with the Government of Iran with respect to such pro-gram. ‘‘(C) An assessment of the cooperation of the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea with the Government of Iran with respect to such program. ‘‘(3) C
LASSIFIED ANNEX .—Each report re-quired by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classi-fied annex. ‘‘(b) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .—Not later than 15 days after submitting a report re-quired by subsection (a)(1), the President shall, in accordance with the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all trans-actions in all property and interests in prop-erty of any person specified in such report that engages in activities described in sub-section (a) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(c) E
XCLUSION FROMUNITED STATES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Home-land Security shall exclude from the United States, any alien subject to blocking of prop-erty and interests in property under sub-section (b). ‘‘(2) C
OMPLIANCE WITH UNITED NATIONS  
HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the head of state of Iran, or necessary staff of that head of state, if ad-mission to the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force Novem-ber 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States. ‘‘(d) F
ACILITATION OF CERTAIN TRANS -
ACTIONS .—The President shall prohibit the opening, and prohibit or impose strict condi-tions on the maintaining, in the United States of a correspondent account or a pay-able-through account by a foreign financial institution that the President determines knowingly, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, conducts or facilitates a significant financial transaction for a person subject to blocking of property and interests in property under subsection (b). 
‘‘SEC. 233. BLOCKING OF PROPERTY OF PERSONS AFFILIATED WITH CERTAIN IRANIAN ENTITIES. 
‘‘(a) B LOCKING OF PROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall, in accordance with the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person described in paragraph (2) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(2) P
ERSONS DESCRIBED .—A person de-scribed in this paragraph is— ‘‘(A) an entity that is owned or con-trolled— ‘‘(i) by the Aerospace Industries Organiza-tion, the Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group, the Shahid Bakeri Industrial Group, or any agent or affiliate of such organization or group; or ‘‘(ii) collectively by a group of individuals that hold an interest in the Aerospace Indus-tries Organization, the Shahid Hemmat In-dustrial Group, the Shahid Bakeri Industrial Group, or any agent or affiliate of such orga-nization or group, even if none of those indi-viduals hold a 25 percent or greater interest in the entity; or ‘‘(B) a person that owns or controls an en-tity described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(b) F
ACILITATION OF CERTAIN TRANS -
ACTIONS .—The President shall prohibit the opening, and prohibit or impose strict condi-tions on the maintaining, in the United States of a correspondent account or a pay-able-through account by a foreign financial institution that the President determines knowingly, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, conducts or facilitates a significant financial transaction for a person subject to blocking of property and interests in property under subsection (a). ‘‘(c) I
RAN MISSILE PROLIFERATION WATCH  L
IST.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and not less fre-quently than annually thereafter, the Sec-retary of the Treasury shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and publish in the Federal Register a list of— ‘‘(A) each entity in which the Aerospace Industries Organization, the Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group, the Shahid Bakeri Indus-trial Group, or any agent or affiliate of such organization or group has an ownership in-terest of more than 0 percent and less than 25 percent; ‘‘(B) each entity in which the Aerospace Industries Organization, the Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group, the Shahid Bakeri Indus-trial Group, or any agent or affiliate of such organization or group does not have an own-ership interest but maintains a presence on the board of directors of the entity or other-wise influences the actions, policies, or per-sonnel decisions of the entity; and ‘‘(C) each person that owns or controls an entity described in subparagraph (A) or (B). ‘‘(2) REFERENCE .—The list required by paragraph (1) may be referred to as the ‘Iran Missile Proliferation Watch List’. ‘‘(d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a review of each list required by subsection (c)(1); and ‘‘(B) not later than 180 days after each such list is submitted to the appropriate congres-sional committees under that subsection, submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the review conducted under subparagraph (A) that includes a list of persons not included in that list that qual-ify for inclusion in that list, as determined by the Comptroller General. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATIONS .—In preparing the re-port required by paragraph (1)(B), the Comp-troller General shall consult with non-governmental organizations. 
‘‘SEC. 234. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO CERTAIN PERSONS IN-VOLVED IN BALLISTIC MISSILE AC-TIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) C ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and not less frequently than once every 180 days there-after, the President shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a certifi-cation that each person listed in an annex of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1737 (2006), 1747 (2007), or 1929 (2010) is not di-rectly or indirectly facilitating, supporting, or involved with the development of or transfer to Iran of ballistic missiles or tech-nology, parts, components, or technology in-formation relating to ballistic missiles. ‘‘(b) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .—If the Presi-dent is unable to make a certification under subsection (a) with respect to a person and the person is not currently subject to sanc-tions with respect to Iran under any other provision of law, the President shall, not later than 15 days after that certification would have been required under that sub-section— ‘‘(1) in accordance with the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all trans-actions in all property and interests in prop-erty of that person if such property and in-terests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person; and ‘‘(2) publish in the Federal Register a re-port describing the reason why the President was unable to make a certification with re-spect to that person. ‘‘(c) E
XCLUSION FROMUNITED STATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Home-land Security shall exclude from the United States, any alien subject to blocking of prop-erty and interests in property under sub-section (b). ‘‘(2) C
OMPLIANCE WITH UNITED NATIONS  
HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Paragraph (1) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.007 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4943 July 14, 2016 
shall not apply to the head of state of Iran, or necessary staff of that head of state, if ad-mission to the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force Novem-ber 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States. ‘‘(d) F
ACILITATION OF CERTAIN TRANS -
ACTIONS .—The President shall prohibit the opening, and prohibit or impose strict condi-tions on the maintaining, in the United States of a correspondent account or a pay-able-through account by a foreign financial institution that the President determines knowingly, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, conducts or facilitates a significant financial transaction for a person subject to blocking of property and interests in property under subsection (b). 
‘‘SEC. 235. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO CERTAIN SECTORS OF IRAN THAT SUPPORT THE BAL-LISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM OF IRAN. 
‘‘(a) L IST OF SECTORS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and not less fre-quently than once every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees and publish in the Federal Register a list of the sectors of the economy of Iran that are directly or indirectly facilitating, supporting, or in-volved with the development of or transfer to Iran of ballistic missiles or technology, parts, components, or technology informa-tion relating to ballistic missiles. ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN SECTORS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the Iran Ac-countability Act of 2016, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a determination as to whether each of the chemical, computer science, con-struction, electronic, metallurgy, mining, research (including universities and research institutions), and telecommunications sec-tors of Iran meet the criteria specified in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION IN INITIAL LIST .—If the President determines under subparagraph (A) that the sectors of the economy of Iran specified in such subparagraph meet the cri-teria specified in paragraph (1), that sector shall be included in the initial list submitted and published under that paragraph. ‘‘(b) S
ANCTIONS WITHRESPECT TO SPECIFIED  S
ECTORS OF IRAN.— ‘‘(1) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .—The Presi-dent shall, in accordance with the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person described in para-graph (4) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION FROM UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall exclude from the United States, any alien that is a person de-scribed in paragraph (4). ‘‘(B) C
OMPLIANCE WITH UNITED NATIONS  
HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the head of state of Iran, or necessary staff of that head of state, if admission to the United States is nec-essary to permit the United States to com-ply with the Agreement regarding the Head-quarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States. ‘‘(3) FACILITATION OF CERTAIN TRANS -
ACTIONS .—Except as provided in this section, the President shall prohibit the opening, and prohibit or impose strict conditions on the maintaining, in the United States of a cor-respondent account or a payable-through ac-count by a foreign financial institution that the President determines knowingly, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, conducts or facilitates a signifi-cant financial transaction for a person de-scribed in paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) P
ERSONS DESCRIBED .—A person is de-scribed in this paragraph if the President de-termines that the person, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the en-actment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016— ‘‘(A) operates in a sector of the economy of Iran included in the most recent list pub-lished by the President under subsection (a); ‘‘(B) knowingly provides significant finan-cial, material, technological, or other sup-port to, or goods or services in support of, any activity or transaction on behalf of or for the benefit of a person described in sub-paragraph (A); or ‘‘(C) is owned or controlled by a person de-scribed in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(c) H
UMANITARIAN EXCEPTION .—The Presi-dent may not impose sanctions under this section with respect to any person for con-ducting or facilitating a transaction for the sale of agricultural commodities, food, medi-cine, or medical devices to Iran or for the provision of humanitarian assistance to the people of Iran. 
‘‘SEC. 236. IDENTIFICATION OF FOREIGN PER-SONS THAT SUPPORT THE BAL-LISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM OF IRAN IN CERTAIN SECTORS OF IRAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and not less fre-quently than annually thereafter, the Presi-dent shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees and publish in the Federal Register a list of all foreign persons that have, based on credible information, directly or indirectly facilitated, supported, or been involved with the development of ballistic missiles or technology, parts, components, or technology information related to bal-listic missiles in the following sectors of the economy of Iran during the period specified in subsection (b): ‘‘(1) Chemical. ‘‘(2) Computer Science. ‘‘(3) Construction. ‘‘(4) Electronic. ‘‘(5) Metallurgy. ‘‘(6) Mining. ‘‘(7) Petrochemical. ‘‘(8) Research (including universities and research institutions). ‘‘(9) Telecommunications. ‘‘(10) Any other sector of the economy of Iran identified under section 235(a). ‘‘(b) P
ERIOD SPECIFIED .—The period speci-fied in this subsection is— ‘‘(1) with respect to the first list submitted under subsection (a), the period beginning on the date of the enactment of the Iran Ac-countability Act of 2016 and ending on the date that is 120 days after such date of enact-ment; and ‘‘(2) with respect to each subsequent list submitted under such subsection, the one year period preceding the submission of the list. ‘‘(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to each list submitted under subsection (a), not later than 120 days after the list is submitted under that subsection, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees— ‘‘(A) an assessment of the processes fol-lowed by the President in preparing the list; ‘‘(B) an assessment of the foreign persons included in the list; and ‘‘(C) a list of persons not included in the list that qualify for inclusion in the list, as determined by the Comptroller General. ‘‘(2) CONSULTATIONS .—In preparing the re-port required by paragraph (1), the Comp-troller General shall consult with non-governmental organizations. ‘‘(d) C
REDIBLE INFORMATION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘credible information’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). ‘‘Subtitle D—General Provisions 
‘‘SEC. 241. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) E
NTITY .—The term ‘entity’ means any corporation, business association, partner-ship, trust, society, or any other entity. ‘‘(2) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘foreign person’ means a person that is not a United States person. ‘‘(3) O
WN OR CONTROL .—The term ‘own or control’ means, with respect to an entity— ‘‘(A) to hold more than 25 percent of the equity interest by vote or value in the enti-ty; ‘‘(B) to hold any seats on the board of di-rectors of the entity; or ‘‘(C) to otherwise control the actions, poli-cies, or personnel decisions of the entity. ‘‘(4) P
ERSON .—The term ‘person’ means an individual or entity. ‘‘(5) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘United States person’ means— ‘‘(A) a United States citizen or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or ‘‘(B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 is amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 224 the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Measures Relating to Ballistic Missile Program of Iran ‘‘Sec. 231. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 232. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to persons that support the ballistic missile program of Iran. ‘‘Sec. 233. Blocking of property of persons affiliated with certain Iranian entities. ‘‘Sec. 234. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to certain persons in-volved in ballistic missile ac-tivities. ‘‘Sec. 235. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to certain sectors of Iran that support the ballistic mis-sile program of Iran. ‘‘Sec. 236. Identification of foreign persons that support the ballistic mis-sile program of Iran in certain sectors of Iran. ‘‘Subtitle D—General Provisions ‘‘Sec. 241. Definitions.’’. 
SEC. 204. EXPANSION OF MANDATORY SANC-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS THAT ENGAGE IN CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS RELATING TO BALLISTIC MISSILE CAPABILI-TIES OF IRAN. 
Section 104 of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.007 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4944 July 14, 2016 
(1) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and in-serting a semicolon; (ii) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); and (iii) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ii) to acquire or develop ballistic missiles and capabilities and launch technology re-lating to ballistic missiles; or’’; and (B) in subparagraph (E)(ii)— (i) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) by redesignating subclause (II) as sub-clause (III); and (iii) by inserting after subclause (I) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(II) Iran’s development of ballistic mis-siles and capabilities and launch technology relating to ballistic missiles; or’’; and (2) in subsection (f)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and moving those subparagraphs, as so redes-ignated, two ems to the right; (B) by striking ‘‘W
AIVER .—The’’ and insert-ing ‘‘W
AIVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary of the Treasury may not waive under paragraph (1) the application of a prohibition or condition imposed with respect to an activity de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii) or (E)(ii)(II) of subsection (c)(2).’’. 
SEC. 205. DISCLOSURE TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OF ACTIVI-TIES WITH CERTAIN SECTORS OF IRAN THAT SUPPORT THE BAL-LISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM OF IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13(r)(1) of the Se-curities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(r)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) knowingly engaged in any activity for which sanctions may be imposed under sec-tion 235 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012;’’. (b) I
NVESTIGATIONS .—Section 13(r)(5)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is amended by striking ‘‘an Executive order specified in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (1)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 235 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, an Executive order specified in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (1)(E)’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 13(r)(5) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is amended, in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)(iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (E)(iii)’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect with respect to reports required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 206. REGULATIONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall prescribe regulations to carry out this title and the amendments made by this title. TITLE III—SANCTIONS RELATING TO IRAN’S SUPPORT OF TERRORISM 
SEC. 301. SPECIAL MEASURES WITH RESPECT TO IRAN RELATING TO ITS DESIGNA-TION AS A JURISDICTION OF PRI-MARY MONEY LAUNDERING CON-CERN. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON DIRECT USE OF COR-
RESPONDENT ACCOUNTS .—A covered financial institution shall terminate any cor-respondent account that— (1) is established, maintained, adminis-tered, or managed in the United States for, or on behalf of, an Iranian banking institu-tion; and (2) is not blocked under any Executive Order issued pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (b) SPECIAL DUEDILIGENCE MEASURES FOR  C
ORRESPONDENT ACCOUNTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A covered financial insti-tution shall apply special due diligence measures to correspondent accounts of the financial institution that are reasonably de-signed to guard against the improper indi-rect use of such accounts by Iranian banking institutions. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The special due dili-gence measures a covered financial institu-tion is required to apply to correspondent ac-counts under paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum— (A) notifying the holders of such accounts that the covered financial institution knows or has reason to know provide services to Iranian banking institutions, that such hold-ers generally may not provide Iranian bank-ing institutions with access to such ac-counts; and (B) taking reasonable steps to identify any indirect use of such accounts by Iranian banking institutions, to the extent that such indirect use can be determined from trans-actional records maintained by the covered financial institution in the normal course of business. (3) R
ISK-BASED APPROACH .—A covered fi-nancial institution shall take a risk-based approach when deciding what, if any, other due diligence measures the financial institu-tion should adopt to guard against the im-proper indirect use of its correspondent ac-counts by Iranian banking institutions. (4) R
ESPONSE TO INDIRECT ACCESS BY IRA -
NIAN BANKING INSTITUTIONS .—A covered fi-nancial institution that obtains credible in-formation that a correspondent account is being used by a foreign bank to provide indi-rect access to an Iranian banking institu-tion, shall— (A) take all appropriate steps to prevent such indirect access, including notifying the holder of the account under paragraph (1)(A); and (B) where necessary, terminate the ac-count. (c) R
ECORDKEEPING AND REPORTING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A covered financial insti-tution shall document its compliance with the notice requirement set forth in sub-section (b)(2)(A). (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall require a covered financial in-stitution to report any information not oth-erwise required to be reported by law or reg-ulation. (d) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall termi-nate on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the President submits to Con-gress— (1) the certification described in section 401(a) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8551(a)); and (2) a certification that the Financial Ac-tion Task Force has lifted its call for coun-termeasures against Iran and Iran has be-come a member of a regional body of the Fi-nancial Action Task Force. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ORRESPONDENT ACCOUNT .—The term ‘‘correspondent account’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act). (2) COVERED FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘covered financial institution’’ has the meaning given that term under paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 1010.605(e) of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act). (3) F
OREIGN BANK .—The term ‘‘foreign bank’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1010.100(u) of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act). (4) I
RANIAN BANKING INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘Iranian banking institution’’ means— (A) any foreign bank chartered by Iran, in-cluding— (i) any branches, offices, or subsidiaries of such a bank operating in any jurisdiction; and (ii) any branch or office within Iran of any foreign bank licensed by Iran; (B) the Central Bank of Iran; and (C) any foreign bank of which more than 50 percent of the voting stock or analogous in-terest is owned by two or more foreign banks chartered by Iran. TITLE IV—SANCTIONS RELATING TO HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES IN IRAN 
SEC. 401. EXPANSION OF LIST OF PERSONS IN-VOLVED IN HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES IN IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 105 of the Com-prehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8514) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
CERTAIN PERSONS WHO ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR  
OR COMPLICIT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ PERSONS IN -
VOLVED ’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘W
HOARERESPONSIBLE FOR OR COMPLICIT ’’ and inserting ‘‘I
NVOLVED ’’; (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, the President shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a list of persons the Presi-dent determines have committed or facili-tated, directly or indirectly, human rights abuses or other acts of violence, intimida-tion, or harassment, on behalf of the Govern-ment of Iran on or after June 12, 2009, regard-less of whether such abuses or acts occurred in Iran.’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the Iran Accountability Act of 2016’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) I
NCLUSION OF ACTIONS THAT VIOLATE  U
NIVERSAL DECLARATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS .— For purposes of subsection (b)(1), the term ‘human rights abuses’ includes actions that violate the rights listed in the United Na-tions Universal Declaration of Human Rights, adopted at Paris December 10, 1948.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Comprehensive Iran Sanc-tions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 is amended by striking the item relating to section 105 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 105. Imposition of sanctions on per-sons involved in human rights abuses committed against citi-zens of Iran or their family members after the June 12, 2009, elections in Iran.’’. 
SEC. 402. IDENTIFICATION OF, AND IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO, CERTAIN IRANIAN INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 221 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8727) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.007 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4945 July 14, 2016 
‘‘SEC. 221. IDENTIFICATION OF, AND IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO, CERTAIN IRANIAN INDIVIDUALS. 
‘‘(a) I DENTIFICATION OF INDIVIDUALS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees and publish in the Federal Register a list of all individuals the Presi-dent determines are described in subsection (b). ‘‘(b) I
NDIVIDUALS DESCRIBED .—An indi-vidual described in this subsection is— ‘‘(1) the Supreme Leader of Iran; ‘‘(2) the President of Iran; ‘‘(3) a current or former key official, man-ager, or director of an entity that is owned or controlled after November 14, 1979, by— ‘‘(A) the Supreme Leader of Iran; ‘‘(B) the Office of the Supreme Leader of Iran; ‘‘(C) the President of Iran; ‘‘(D) the Office of the President of Iran; ‘‘(E) Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps; ‘‘(F) the Basij-e Motaz’afin; ‘‘(G) the Guardian Council; ‘‘(H) the Ministry of Intelligence and Secu-rity of Iran; ‘‘(I) the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran; ‘‘(J) the Islamic Consultative Assembly of Iran; ‘‘(K) the Assembly of Experts of Iran; ‘‘(L) the Ministry of Defense and Armed Forces Logistics of Iran; ‘‘(M) the Ministry of Justice of Iran; ‘‘(N) the Ministry of Interior of Iran; ‘‘(O) the prison system of Iran; ‘‘(P) the judicial system of Iran, including the Islamic Revolutionary Courts; or ‘‘(Q) any citizen of Iran included on the list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury; ‘‘(4) a citizen of Iran indicted in a foreign country for, or otherwise suspected of, par-ticipation in a terrorist attack; ‘‘(5) a person that ordered, controlled, di-rected, or was otherwise complicit in the kidnaping or politically motivated detention of a United States citizen, including a United States citizen who is also a citizen of an-other country; or ‘‘(6) a significant foreign political figure associated with an individual described in any of paragraphs (1) through (5) who is not a United States person. ‘‘(c) E
XCLUSION FROM UNITED STATES .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (f), the Sec-retary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ex-clude from the United States, any alien who is on the list required by subsection (a). ‘‘(d) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .—Except as provided in subsection (f), the President shall, in accordance with the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all trans-actions in all property and interests in prop-erty of any individual who is on the list re-quired by subsection (a) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(e) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and every 90 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port that describes the efforts the President has taken during the 90 days preceding the submission of the report to locate and block all property and interests in property of any individual who is on the list required by sub-section (a). ‘‘(2) FORM OF REPORT .—Each report re-quired by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classi-fied annex if necessary. ‘‘(f) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may not include an individual on the list required by subsection (a) if the President determines that, during the 10-year period preceding the determination, the individual has not in any way engaged in, facilitated, or otherwise supported— ‘‘(A) human rights abuses; ‘‘(B) acts of international terrorism; or ‘‘(C) the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. ‘‘(2) C
OMPLIANCE WITH UNITED NATIONS  
HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Subsection (c) shall not apply to the head of state of Iran, or necessary staff of that head of state, if ad-mission to the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force Novem-ber 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States. ‘‘(g) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may waive the application of subsection (c) or (d) with respect to an individual for a period of 180 days, and may renew that waiver for addi-tional periods of 180 days, if the President— ‘‘(A) determines that the waiver is vital to the national security of the United States; and ‘‘(B) not less than 7 days before the waiver or the renewal of the waiver, as the case may be, takes effect, submits a report to the ap-propriate congressional committees on the waiver and the reason for the waiver. ‘‘(2) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report sub-mitted under paragraph (1)(B) shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex if necessary. ‘‘(3) S
UNSET .—The provisions of this sub-section and any waivers issued pursuant to this subsection shall terminate on December 31, 2018. ‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) O
WN OR CONTROL .—The term ‘own or control’ means, with respect to an entity— ‘‘(A) to hold more than 25 percent of the equity interest by vote or value in the enti-ty; ‘‘(B) to hold any seats on the board of di-rectors of the entity; or ‘‘(C) to otherwise control the actions, poli-cies, or personnel decisions of the entity. ‘‘(2) S
IGNIFICANT FOREIGN POLITICAL FIG -
URE.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘significant foreign political figure’ includes a current or former senior political figure, the immediate family of such a figure, and close associates of such a figure. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (A): ‘‘(i) C
LOSE ASSOCIATE .—The term ‘close as-sociate’, with respect to a senior political figure— ‘‘(I) means an individual who is widely and publicly known to maintain an unusually close relationship with the senior political figure; and ‘‘(II) includes an individual who is in a po-sition to conduct substantial domestic and international financial transactions on be-half of the senior political figure. ‘‘(ii) I
MMEDIATE FAMILY .—The term ‘imme-diate family’, with respect to a senior for-eign political figure, means the parents, sib-lings, spouse, children, and in-laws of the senior political figure. ‘‘(iii) S
ENIOR POLITICAL FIGURE .—The term ‘senior political figure’ means a senior offi-cial in the executive, legislative, administra-tive, military, or judicial branches of the Government of Iran (whether elected or not), a senior official of a major political party in Iran, or a senior executive of an entity owned or controlled by the Government of Iran.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8701 et seq.) is amended by striking the item relating to section 221 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 221. Identification of, and imposition of sanctions with respect to, certain Iranian individuals.’’. 
SEC. 403. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO PERSONS WHO CONDUCT TRANSACTIONS WITH OR ON BE-HALF OF CERTAIN IRANIAN INDIVID-UALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title II of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8721 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 221 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 221A. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO PERSONS WHO CONDUCT TRANSACTIONS WITH OR ON BE-HALF OF CERTAIN IRANIAN INDIVID-UALS. 
‘‘(a) S ALE, SUPPLY , ORTRANSFER OF GOODS  
ANDSERVICES .—The President shall impose 5 or more of the sanctions described in section 6(a) of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) with respect to a person that knowingly, on or after the date that is 120 days after the date of the en-actment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, sells, supplies, or transfers goods or services to an individual who is on the list required by section 221(a). ‘‘(b) F
ACILITATION OF CERTAIN TRANS -
ACTIONS .—The President shall prohibit the opening, and prohibit or impose strict condi-tions on the maintaining, in the United States of a correspondent account or a pay-able-through account by any foreign finan-cial institution that has knowingly con-ducted or facilitated a significant financial transaction on behalf of an individual who is on the list required by section 221(a). ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF  
THE IRAN SANCTIONS ACT OF 1996.—The fol-lowing provisions of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) shall apply with respect to the imposi-tion of sanctions under subsection (a) to the same extent that such provisions apply with respect to the imposition of sanctions under section 5(a) of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996: ‘‘(1) Subsections (c), (d), and (f) of section 5. ‘‘(2) Section 8. ‘‘(3) Section 11. ‘‘(4) Section 12. ‘‘(5) Section 13(b). ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act: ‘‘(1) A
CCOUNT ; CORRESPONDENT ACCOUNT ; 
PAYABLE -THROUGH ACCOUNT .—The terms ‘ac-count’, ‘correspondent account’, and ‘pay-able-through account’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code. ‘‘(2) F
OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘foreign financial institution’ has the meaning given that term in section 561.308 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or rul-ing).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8701 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 221 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 221A. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to persons who conduct transactions with or on behalf of certain Iranian individuals.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.007 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4946 July 14, 2016 
SEC. 404. MANDATORY SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS THAT ENGAGE IN CERTAIN TRANS-ACTIONS ON BEHALF OF PERSONS INVOLVED IN HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES OR THAT EXPORT SEN-SITIVE TECHNOLOGY TO IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 104(c)(2) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Account-ability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513(c)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) facilitates a significant transaction or transactions or provides significant financial services for a person that is subject to sanc-tions under section 105(c), 105A(c), 105B(c), or 105C(a);’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to any activity described in sub-paragraph (F) of section 104(c)(2) of the Com-prehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010, as added by sub-section (a)(3), initiated on or after the date that is 90 days after such date of enactment. (c) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe regulations to carry out the amendments made by subsection (a). 
SEC. 405. UNITED STATES SUPPORT FOR THE PEOPLE OF IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8751 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 416. UNITED STATES SUPPORT FOR THE PEOPLE OF IRAN. 
‘‘(a) P OLICY OF THE UNITED STATES .—It is the policy of the United States— ‘‘(1) to support the efforts of the people of Iran to promote the establishment of basic freedoms in Iran; ‘‘(2) to lay the foundation for the emer-gence of a freely elected, open, and demo-cratic political system in Iran that is not a threat to its neighbors or to the United States and to work with all citizens of Iran who seek to establish such a political sys-tem; ‘‘(3) to support the emergence of a govern-ment in Iran that does not oppress the peo-ple of Iran and does not persecute, intimi-date, arrest, imprison, or execute dissidents or minorities; ‘‘(4) to advocate on behalf of those in Iran persecuted for their religion or belief; ‘‘(5) to assist the people of Iran to produce, access, and share information freely and safely through the Internet and other media; and ‘‘(6) to defeat all attempts by the Govern-ment of Iran to jam or otherwise obstruct international satellite broadcast signals. ‘‘(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— ‘‘(1) the United States should support citi-zens of Iran that actively work to advance political, economic, and social reforms, in-cluding freedom of the press, freedom of as-sembly, freedom of religion, and representa-tive government; ‘‘(2) the President should use all available nonviolent means to support citizens of Iran that advocate for pluralistic, prosperous, and participatory societies; ‘‘(3) programs of the Department of State to support reform in Iran have not resulted in a more democratic Iran; ‘‘(4) the Government of Iran continues to play a pernicious role in the Middle East, un-dermining democratic consolidation in Iraq, supporting international terrorism through Hezbollah, and aiding the autocratic regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria; ‘‘(5) the Secretary of State should make every effort to deliver support directly to people working in Iran to implement pro-grams carried out using assistance provided by the Department of State when possible and all possible means of delivering such as-sistance should be used; and ‘‘(6) oversight, management, and imple-mentation of programs of the Department of State to support reform in Iran should be under the direction of the Special Coordi-nator on Human Rights and Democracy in Iran established under section 406 of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary of State for De-mocracy, Human Rights, and Labor. ‘‘(c) ASSISTANCE TOSUPPORT REFORM IN  I
RAN.— ‘‘(1) A
SSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary of State may provide assistance (in-cluding through the award of grants) to indi-viduals and entities working in Iran for the purpose of supporting and promoting the rule of law, good governance, civil society, and economic opportunity in Iran. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY FOR ASSISTANCE .—Assist- ance authorized under this subsection should be provided only to a person that— ‘‘(A) officially opposes the use of violence and terrorism and has not been designated as a foreign terrorist organization under sec-tion 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189) at any time during the 4- year period ending on the date of the enact-ment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016; ‘‘(B) advocates the adherence by Iran to nonproliferation regimes for nuclear, chem-ical, and biological weapons and materiel, and ballistic missiles; ‘‘(C) is dedicated to democratic values and supports the adoption of a democratic form of government in Iran; ‘‘(D) is dedicated to respect for human rights, including the fundamental equality of women; and ‘‘(E) supports freedom of the press, freedom of speech, freedom of association, and free-dom of religion. ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 15 days before each obligation of assist-ance under this subsection, the Secretary of State shall notify the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives in accordance with the procedures applicable to reprogramming notifications under sec-tion 634A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2394–1). ‘‘(4) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to pro-vide assistance under this subsection shall expire on December 31, 2020. ‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the implementation of this section that includes the following: ‘‘(A) An identification of the actions the President has taken during the 180-day pe-riod immediately preceding the submission of the report to advance each of the policies described in subsection (a). ‘‘(B) A clear strategy for advancing polit-ical, economic, and social reform in Iran that includes benchmarks for success that lead to a set of identified discrete goals and objectives. ‘‘(C) A plan to monitor and evaluate the ef-fectiveness of the provision of assistance au-thorized under subsection (c), including measures of effectiveness. ‘‘(D) The status of the programming of as-sistance under subsection (c). ‘‘(E) An analysis of any past programming of assistance under subsection (c) and its ef-fectiveness with respect to supporting and promoting the rule of law, good governance, civil society, and economic opportunity in Iran. ‘‘(2) FORM OF REPORT .—Each report re-quired by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classi-fied annex if necessary.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 is amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 415 the following: ‘‘Sec. 416. United States support for the peo-ple of Iran.’’. 
SEC. 406. UNITED STATES SPECIAL COORDI-NATOR ON HUMAN RIGHTS AND DE-MOCRACY IN IRAN. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The President shall des-ignate within the Department of State a Special Coordinator on Human Rights and Democracy in Iran (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Special Coordinator’’). (b) C
ONSULTATION AND QUALIFICATIONS .— Before the President designates a Special Co-ordinator under subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall consult with the chairmen and ranking members of the appropriate congres-sional committees. The role of Special Coor-dinator should be filled by an official of the Department of State appointed by and serv-ing at the pleasure of the President in a posi-tion not lower than Under Secretary on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) D
UTIES .—The Special Coordinator shall carry out the following duties: (1) Coordinate the activities of the United States Government that promote human rights, democracy, political freedom, and re-ligious freedom inside Iran. (2) Coordinate the activities of the United States Government that promote human rights, political freedom, and religious free-dom for Iranian refugees and asylees living outside Iran. (3) Ensure the comprehensive investigation and designation of Iranian human rights abusers in accordance with section 105 of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Account-ability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8514). (4) Coordinate the documentation and pub-licizing of political dissidents and cases of human rights abuse inside Iran. (5) Coordinate multilateral efforts to build international support for the promotion of human rights, democracy, political freedom, and religious freedom in Iran, including broadcasting, Internet access, and dissemi-nation of information. (6) Encourage the United Nations, multi-lateral organizations, and human rights non-governmental organizations to more robustly investigate and report on human rights abuses in Iran. (7) Encourage foreign governments to downgrade or sever diplomatic relations with the Government of Iran, enact economic sanctions, and assist Iranian dissidents in re-sponse to the continued violations of human rights by the Government of Iran. (8) Encourage foreign governments to expel Iran from international fora and organiza-tions with a human rights component, in-cluding the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organi-zation, the United Nations Children’s Fund, and the International Labour Organization. (9) Coordinate all programs to promote human rights, democracy, political freedom, and religious freedom inside Iran. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.007 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4947 July 14, 2016 
(d) A UTHORITY .— (1) C
OORDINATION OF ACTIVITIES .—The Spe- cial Coordinator shall coordinate all activi-ties related to Iran carried out by the Bu-reau of Near Eastern Affairs, the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor, and the Bureau of Population, Refugees and Mi-gration of the Department of State, the Am-bassador-at-Large for International Reli-gious Freedom, the Special Envoy to Mon-itor and Combat Anti-Semitism, the United States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom, the National Endowment for Democracy, and the Broadcasting Board of Governors. (2) C
OORDINATION OF USE OF FUNDS .—The Special Coordinator shall coordinate and oversee the obligation and expenditure of funds related to human rights, democracy, Internet freedom, and broadcasting activi-ties in Iran, including funds made available for such purposes to the Middle East Part-nership Initiative, the United States Com-mission on International Religious Freedom, the Broader Middle East and North Africa Initiative, the Human Rights and Democracy Fund, and the Near Eastern Regional Democ-racy Fund. (e) D
IPLOMATIC REPRESENTATION .—Subject to the direction of the President and the Sec-retary of State, the Special Coordinator shall represent the United States in matters and cases relevant to the promotion of human rights, democracy, political freedom, and religious freedom in Iran in— (1) contacts with foreign governments, intergovernmental organizations, and spe-cialized agencies of the United Nations, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, and other international organiza-tions of which the United States is a mem-ber; and (2) multilateral conferences and meetings relevant to the promotion of human rights, democracy, political freedom, and religious freedom in Iran. (f) C
ONSULTATIONS .—The Special Coordi-nator shall consult with Congress, domestic and international nongovernmental organi-zations, labor organizations, and multilat-eral organizations and institutions as the Special Coordinator considers appropriate to fulfill the purposes of this section. (g) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 407. BROADCASTING TO IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty and the Voice of America services broadcasting to Iran shall— (1) provide news and information that is accessible, credible, comprehensive, and ac-curate; (2) emphasize investigative and analytical journalism provided by Iranian or pro-Ira-nian media outlets; and (3) strengthen civil society by promoting democratic processes, respect for human rights, and freedom of the press and expres-sion. (b) P
ROGRAMMING SURGE .—Radio Free Eu-rope/Radio Liberty and Voice of America programming to Iran shall— (1) provide programming content 24 hours a day and 7 days a week to target populations using all available and effective distribution outlets, including at least 12 hours a day of original television and video content, not in-cluding live video streaming of breaking news; (2) create mobile platforms with an embed-ded proxy to offer the people of Iran the op-portunity to securely listen to programming; (3) increase number of staffers based in the region to allow for more direct contact with the people of Iran; (4) expand the use, audience, and audience engagement of mobile news and multimedia platforms by the Voice of America and the Radio Farda service of Radio Free Europe/ Radio Liberty, including through Internet- based social networking platforms; and (5) establish fellowships for Iranian jour-nalists who have fled the country to learn about free, competitive media and be trained in surrogate reporting. SEC. 408. REPORT ON UNITED STATES CITIZENS DETAINED BY IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on United States citizens, including dual citizens, detained by Iran or groups supported by Iran that in-cludes— (1) information regarding any officials of the Government of Iran involved in any way in the detentions; and (2) a summary of efforts the United States Government has taken to secure the swift re-lease of those United States citizens, includ-ing United States citizens who are also citi-zens of other countries. (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex if necessary. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). 
SEC. 409. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ROLE OF THE UNITED NATIONS IN PROMOTING HUMAN RIGHTS IN IRAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United Nations has a significant role to play in promoting and improving human rights in Iran; (2) the United States should continue to support the work of the United Nations Spe-cial Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran; and (3) the egregious human rights violations in Iran warrant country-specific attention and continued reporting by the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhu-man, or degrading treatment or punishment, the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention, the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary, or arbitrary executions, the Spe-cial Rapporteur on the promotion and pro-tection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression, the Special Rapporteur on freedom of religion or belief, and the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes, and consequences, of the United Na-tions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5631, the Iran Accountability Act of 2016. This week marks the first anniver-sary of President Obama’s agreement with Iran. I wish I could say that it has been a win, or the win that the pro-ponents had hoped for. But a sober as-sessment is that both the short-term and long-term national security inter-ests of the United States have been deeply impacted here. We have suffered as a result of this agreement. Under the deal, the Obama adminis-tration promised that we would be in a position to verify all of Iran’s commit-ments under the agreement. This just has not been the case. A year later, we have less public information about Iran’s nuclear activities than we did before the pact. International inspectors were to have full and unrestricted access to any military or suspicious location in Iran. Now, it turns out that the deal in-cluded an unprecedented arrangement that relies on Iran to ‘‘self-inspect’’ its Parchin military complex. The administration insisted that a U.N. Security Council resolution would continue to prohibit Iran’s ballistic missile development. The reality is that it has a loophole big enough for Iran to shoot an intercontinental bal-listic missile through, and Iran has shot through that loophole. Some of those tested missiles that they have shot through that loophole are marked ‘‘Israel must be wiped off the Earth.’’ That is what is in writing in Farsi on the side of them. And if anybody should not get the message, it is also written in Hebrew. When the Obama administration was strong-arming its allies in the other body to save its Iran deal, many prom-ises were made. Central to the White House story line was the President’s claim that sanctions on Iran for ter-rorism, sanctions for human rights, and sanctions on the ballistic missiles, in their words, ‘‘will continue to be fully enforced.’’ This, unfortunately, has not hap-pened. Unfortunately, the administra-tion’s words have not matched its ac-tions. The administration has meekly responded to Iran’s provocative acts, thanks in part to the weak U.N. Secu-rity Council language in which we wa-tered down the previous language on ballistic missiles. That was agreed to by the administration. And just one, only one Iranian, one sole individual, has been sanctioned for human rights abuses since negotiations began—one. Indeed, last month, a top Treasury official publicly proclaimed that ter-rorism and missile sanctions would un-dermine the Iran agreement. That is not what this committee was origi-nally told before this agreement was voted on. We were told exactly the op-posite. By now, every Member should know the pattern, and the pattern is this. If 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Oct 13, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\JUL2016\H14JY6.REC H14JY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4948 July 14, 2016 
Iran objects, the administration bends over backwards to accommodate. Ef-fectively, the Supreme Leader now holds the veto pin over future congres-sional action. This policy of what I call ‘‘walking on egg shells’’ in deference to Tehran hurts our U.S. national secu-rity interest. And it doesn’t have to be this way. The nuclear agreement permits sanc-tions on the Iranian regime for activi-ties such as missile tests, terrorism, and human rights abuses. Indeed, that is what the administration said they would do after they struck their deal. This legislation before the House holds the administration to their promises to us. Among other provisions, this legisla-tion increases sanctions against Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. That is what we call the IRGC. It ex-pands sanctions against Iran for its ballistic missile development, and we should. It stresses the fundamental human rights of the Iranian people as key to our national security concerns. I would just say Congress has an obli-gation to look for ways to stem the tide of Iranian aggression in the region and to stem the tide of its repression of the Persian, of the Iranian people at home. I strongly urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, July 11, 2016. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE , I am writing with respect to H.R. 5631, the ‘‘Iran Account-ability Act of 2016.’’ As a result of your hav-ing consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 5631 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that by forgoing consideration of H.R. 5631 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation thereof. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 11, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 5631, the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your Com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5631 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , Washington, DC, July 11, 2016. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : On July 6, 2016, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (‘‘the Committee’’) received a referral for H.R. 5631, the ‘‘Iran Accountability Act of 2016.’’ In order to expedite the House’s consider-ation of this important legislation, the Com-mittee will forego consideration of the meas-ure. This waiver is, however, conditioned on our mutual understanding that it does not diminish or otherwise affect any future juris-dictional claim over the subject matter con-tained in the bill or any similar legislation. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging the Committee’s ju-risdictional interest into any committee re-port on H.R. 5631 and into the Congressional Record during its floor consideration. I would also appreciate your support for the appointment of Committee members to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 11, 2016. Hon. D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 5631, the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your Com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5631 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 11, 2016. Hon. J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 5631, the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your Com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5631 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, July 11, 2016. Hon. E
DWARD ROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 5631, the Iran Accountability Act of 2016. As you know, the Committee on For-eign Affairs received an original referral and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform a secondary referral when the bill was introduced on July 6, 2016. I recog-nize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representa-tives in an expeditious manner, and accord-ingly, the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform will forego action on the bill. The Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration of H.R. 5631 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion. Further, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform during any House-Senate conference con-vened on this or related legislation. I would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on H.R. 5631 be included in the bill re-port filed by the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Sincerely, J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, July 12, 2016. Hon. E
DROYCE  Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 5631, the ‘‘Iran Accountability Act of 2016.’’ As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services con-cerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo ac-tion on the bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.017 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4949 July 14, 2016 
consideration of H.R. 5631 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 5631 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill. Sincerely, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, July 11, 2016. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING  Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 5631, the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your Com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 5631 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with your Committee as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in opposition to this measure. Mr. Speaker, I just walked here from our hearing room where the Foreign Affairs Committee marked up 13 meas-ures. We had a committee meeting this morning. Some were written by Repub-licans, some by Democrats. When these bills and resolutions were first intro-duced, a lot of Members had questions and concerns. But the committee went to work ironing out differences, and now all 13 pieces of legislation have been favorably reported with bipar-tisan support. That is how our committee works. That is how our chairman, E
DROYCE , runs things. That is why we say that the Foreign Affairs Committee is the most bipartisan committee in the en-tire Congress, and I am proud of that as a ranking member. I believe, and we believe, that par-tisanship should end at the water’s edge. When it comes to fighting for our country, there should be no Democrats and Republicans. We should be working together on this. Partisanship should end at the water’s edge. And that is our best how we legislate, especially when it comes to advancing American inter-ests and security overseas. So it is rather jarring, Mr. Speaker, to walk onto the floor to debate the majority leader’s bill—80 pages of new sanctions on the Iranian regime, introduced lit-erally in the middle of the night last week, rammed through the Rules Com-mittee, brought to the floor without any chance to improve it or any input from the Foreign Affairs Committee. That is a disappointment, Mr. Speak-er, because there are plenty of us on both sides of the aisle who think we should be doing more to hold Iran’s leaders accountable for their bad be-havior. After all, Iran is the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism. Iran props up the Assad regime, detains Americans on trumped-up charges, and has racked up the worst record on human rights you could imagine. Congress could speak with a unified voice on these issues, but not with the bill we are considering today. I don’t like the regime. Everyone knows I op-pose the deal with Iran. I think if we work together, we can move forward on legislation; but not this way, not ram-ming it through the Rules Committee so it doesn’t get to the Foreign Affairs Committee and it gets to the floor where nobody had any kind of input whatsoever. That is not how we should be running this house. So it is not with the bill we are considering today. My friends on the other side know that. This isn’t a serious bill. It would force the United States to violate our obliga-tions under the nuclear deal. Now, I think that is a mistake. As I said before, I opposed the Iran nuclear deal, but I was on the losing side of that debate. We shouldn’t relitigate this issue. We shouldn’t have 62 votes again and again to try to upend this issue, like we do with the Affordable Care Act. We should not relitigate this issue. Our work now should be to hold Iran to its obligations and make sure the deal is being fully implemented. One of the ways we could do this is to ensure there is a viable snapback of sanctions if Iran violates the deal. That is why I have been saying we should reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act before it expires by the end of the year. But here in front of us in this 80-page bill, what is missing? A reauthorization of the Iran Sanc-tions Act. That shows me that this isn’t a serious undertaking. Regardless of what I think, we know that this bill has zero chance of becom-ing law. It most certainly won’t pass the Senate. If it did, the White House would veto it. So we can only conclude, Mr. Speaker, that this is a political ex-ercise, and that troubles me. One of our greatest traditions in American foreign policy is that politics and partisanship stop at the water’s edge. That principle has been espe-cially true in the way Congress has dealt with Iran in recent years. That principle has guided our work on the Foreign Affairs Committee. Maybe that is why the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee was cut out of this process. We have avoided letting foreign policy turn to everyday politics. But make no mistake, what we are doing today is politics, plain and simple. I worry about that precedent. I worry about what it means when Iran sees us playing politics with global security, when Iran’s leaders see us engage in po-litical grandstanding instead of serious policymaking. I also worry about what it means for the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. Our committee’s jurisdiction gives us oversight of diplomacy, development, foreign assistance, war powers. Yet, here we are debating a major, major sanctions bill that never passed through the doors of our committee room. Yesterday, the House voted on another Iran bill that completely by-passed our committee as well. The House just approved the Defense Au-thorization Act that includes dozens of provisions that fall within the jurisdic-tion of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Who knows how many foreign policy riders will find their way into our spending bills this year, all without the Foreign Affairs Committee saying a word. This is a bad trend, Mr. Speaker. This is not regular order, which the Speaker promised us. By the way, I wonder what our friends in the Free-dom Caucus and Liberty Caucus have to say about the process that got this bill to the floor. I wonder what hap-pened to the Speaker’s commitment to regular order that put the gavel in his hands in the first place. I didn’t see a lot of concern over regular order as this bill was being rushed through the Rules Committee. We have a legislative process that cut out the most experienced legisla-tors on this issue. We have an impor-tant foreign policy concern turned into a political football. We have a bill that has no chance of becoming law. I am starting to think this has something to do with the calendar. Today, when we finish our business, Members will rush to the exits. But next week, many of my friends on the other side will de-scend on Cleveland for their conven-tion. Now, let me say a bit with tongue and cheek that I sympathize with my friends on the other side. Their stand-ard-bearer has some pretty unusual ideas about foreign policy. He thinks more countries should get nuclear weapons. He wants to withdraw from our alliances. He thinks we ought to be neutral in the Israeli-Palestinian con-flict, and start a trade war with China. He looks to people like Vladimir Putin, Kim Jong-un, and Saddam Hussein as apparent role models. If I were in the majority’s shoes, I would want to change the conversa-tions, too. But this bill is the way to do it. This bill doesn’t make the majority appear strong on foreign policy. It only makes Congress appear to be divided on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.011 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4950 July 14, 2016 
issues on which we cannot afford divi-sion. This bill weakens us as a Con-gress when Congress should be finding ways to make Americans safer. I oppose this measure, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I always prefer to work things out with the ranking member. Working to-gether, we put three bipartisan bills on the President’s desk this last week alone. In this Congress, Mr. E
NGEL and I, working together on the Foreign Af-fairs Committee, have seen some 14 bills signed into law. So he is right, this isn’t the norm. Earlier this year, there were intense discussions with the minority on legis-lation to push back on Iran’s missile program. I compromised more than I wanted, inserting a waiver. We were close, but at the end of the day, it be-came clear that the White House would aggressively fight any legislation with the words ‘‘Iran’’ written on it. For the White House, it is accommo-dation of Iran at all costs, and that in-cludes essentially giving the Supreme Leader the veto pen over steps Con-gress might press the administration to take. So on this, we are stuck. Until the Democratic leadership is ready to look past this President’s legacy, I imagine we will be stuck. Lastly, I would note that these pieces of legislation are tightly focused on Iran’s behavior outside of the nuclear agreement. That is the point. Whether one was for the agreement or against the agreement, these are outside of the nuclear agreement. b1030 These bills do not undo or kill the Iran deal but, instead, press back on the administration’s promises when campaigning for their deal. This goes to the issue of what we were told, what was in the talking points on the floor of the House, in terms of how this deal would be imple-mented and that it would not impact our ability to stop this ballistic missile testing by Iran and these other abuses. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the majority leader. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 1-year anniversary of the signing of the ad-ministration’s Iran deal—1 year, and the world has already become a more troubled place. I personally think the deal sets a dangerous precedent. It strengthens the largest state sponsor of terror in the world and gives that state sponsor of terror a pathway to nuclear weapons at some point in its future. I think that all of the arguments to defend this deal can’t stand against the great weight of reality, including the fact that Iran isn’t holding up its side of the bargain and is more interested in embarrassing American military men and women than in becoming a respon-sible nation. I understand a few people disagree. However, there is something we have always agreed on from the start. Deal or no deal, good or bad deal, we have always agreed to hold Iran accountable for terrorism, for its development of ballistic missiles, and for its human rights abuses committed against its own people. In April alone, President Obama said we have to ‘‘hold Iran to account where it is acting in ways that are contrary to rules and norms.’’ Secretary Kerry said last year, ‘‘We will never, ever stop standing up for the Iranian people’s rights.’’ Treasury Secretary Jack Lew also said last year, ‘‘We are going to con-tinue to prosecute our unilateral sanc-tions on things like terrorism, on things like regional destabilization and human rights.’’ What about today? Iran has con-ducted eight ballistic missile tests since the deal was signed. The State Department’s own Stephen Mull said in May, ‘‘There have not been any sanc-tions imposed for human rights grounds since July of last year.’’ Iran continues to imprison journalists— Americans—and to torture its people. In February, the administration’s Di-rector of National Intelligence, James Clapper, said, ‘‘Iran continues to be the foremost state sponsor of terrorism. Iran and Hezbollah remain a con-tinuing terrorist threat to U.S. inter-ests and partners worldwide.’’ Those are the facts right there, Mr. Speaker. What has the Obama administration done? How has the administration held Iran accountable, as they said they would? The administration has done nothing. And it only gets worse. German intel-ligence has found that Iran is violating its pledges under this nuclear deal. Iran is procuring material for nuclear weapons in what is ‘‘by international standards, a quantitatively high level.’’ Coupled with its missile program, the report reads, ‘‘It is safe to expect that Iran will continue its intensive pro-curement activity.’’ Wasn’t this deal supposed to stop Iran from developing nuclear weapons? Where is the accountability? Where is the administration when they so clear-ly said they would hold them account-able? Where is the bipartisanship in the sanctions now? Now, I understand on the other side, Mr. Speaker, some will accuse Repub-licans of engaging in a purely partisan exercise and never intending to work with our friends on the other side of the aisle. Well, you know that is just not true. You know for the last 6 months we worked with the other side of the aisle, we worked in a bipartisan manner with the chairmen on both sides. But every time we would deal with the missiles and the ballistic sanctions against them, the White House would thwart any bipartisan effort. So why are we here today? It is be-cause, for 6 months, he found every reason to say ‘‘no.’’ For 6 months, he went back on every word that was said about holding them accountable when the facts stood before us. Frankly, Mr. Speaker, I don’t under-stand opposition to this bill. We are simply holding Iran accountable, which is exactly what the administration said they would do. We have had tremendous leaders in this country, and we have learned the lessons time and again. Ronald Reagan taught us this lesson: that peace with-out freedom is meaningless. Human na-ture craves that we all have peace, but you cannot secure peace without free-dom. We have watched in history when leaders have failed. Chamberlain, ‘‘peace for our time,’’ but there was no freedom in that. Ronald Reagan had this same di-lemma late in his second term, in Ice-land, when he stood across from Gorba-chev, trying to negotiate a reduction in nuclear weapons. He was securing al-most everything that he had asked for, but Gorbachev asked for one last item. He asked that America would end their SDI program. Reagan didn’t say no. He said, we will share it with you so the world can be safe. But Gorbachev said no. Reagan had a decision to make. He could have signed that deal, and I am sure the elite would have probably given him the Nobel Peace Prize. Other Presidents have won them. But he real-ized there was no freedom in that agreement. So he got up, he held the Soviet Union accountable, and he walked away. Had he not, would the Berlin Wall have collapsed? Had he not, would the Soviet Union have collapsed? Words have meaning, and words have consequences. The quotes from this ad-ministration and from around the world were to hold Iran accountable. That is what is happening today. Mr. Speaker, there are going to be some Members in this Chamber who will sit back and say, ‘‘But it didn’t happen just the way I wanted it to be-fore it came to the floor.’’ I don’t want you to look your grand-children in the eyes and explain to them why we don’t have freedom in the world. I want you to look your grand-children in the eyes and say you stood up—you stood up for the words and what that meant when we were to hold Iran accountable. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ), a very respected member of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 5631. Nothing is more important to our na-tional security interests in the Middle East than continuing to prevent a nu-clear Iran while, at the same time, ef-fectively containing Iran’s influence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.018 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4951 July 14, 2016 
and confronting their destabilizing ac-tivities in the region. Iran’s ongoing ballistic missile pro-gram and its continued support for ter-rorism constitute an existential threat to our allies in the Middle East, includ-ing Israel. In its blatant disregard for human rights, we can hear the echoes of Nazi Germany, Soviet Russia, and other failed totalitarian regimes that now reside in the dustbin of history. It is imperative that we do more to exert pressure on the Iranian regime to change its behavior, including mean-ingful sanctions for human rights and ballistic missile violations and ter-rorism. But any steps that we take cannot undermine the progress that we have already made over the past year to deny Iran a nuclear weapons pro-gram. The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion is working. Since its implementa-tion, Iran has dismantled two-thirds of its installed uranium enrichment ca-pacity, ended all uranium enrichment activity at its Fordow facility, and re-moved the core of the Arak heavy water reactor and rendered its only source of weapons-grade plutonium permanently useless. Iran is now complying with the most comprehensive transparency and moni-toring regime ever negotiated in the nuclear age. Israel’s Chief of the Gen-eral Staff, Lieutenant General Gadi Eizenkot, has called this agreement ‘‘a historic turning point. It is a big change in terms of the direction that Iran was headed and in the way we saw things.’’ There is no question that the world is safer today and that our allies in the Middle East, especially in Israel, are more secure because the JCPOA has de-nied Iran the opportunity to develop a nuclear weapon. We can and should continue to build on this work and con-front the Iranian regime’s behavior without undermining the JCPOA. We should impose sanctions for bal-listic missiles, for human rights viola-tions, and for terrorism, but these sanctions must be carefully drawn, must be carefully written to protect the agreement that denies Iran a nu-clear weapon. The bill that we are voting on today does not do this. As a result, it won’t make us safer. It will, in fact, under-mine every single achievement we have made over the past year. It will impose insurmountable limits on the President’s ability to work with our allies around the world and to im-plement effective sanctions on Iranian human rights abusers, their ballistic missile program, and their support for terrorism. If this bill becomes law, it will immediately put Iran back on a path to develop a nuclear weapon. I sit on the House Foreign Affairs Committee. I have attended dozens and dozens of hearings on Iran. I have heard hours and hours of testimony from expert witnesses on how we can effect change in Iran. But no one asked for our input on this bill. It was intro-duced by the Republican leadership in the dead of night, entirely bypassing the Foreign Affairs Committee, and came straight to the floor. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. CICILLINE. Let’s call this bill for what it is: a cynical proposal that is designed to score political points in an election year even at the expense of our national security interests. Mr. Speaker, we need serious, thoughtful strategies to confront the Iranian regime, not partisan politics. The stakes are too high. I urge my colleagues to protect this agreement that prevents Iran from having a nuclear weapon, to work with us in a bipartisan way, to impose sanc-tions that are carefully drawn with the full participation of the Foreign Af-fairs Committee, and to reject this bill in its current form. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self 3 minutes. I would just counter with some obser-vations. First, the nuclear deal does not dis-mantle key aspects of Iran’s nuclear program. That, in fact, is its fatal flaw. At its essence, this agreement traded permanent comprehensive sanctions relief for temporary, limited con-straints on Iran’s nuclear program. Under this deal, Iran will keep much of its nuclear infrastructure and continue to develop advanced centrifuges, gain-ing the ability to produce nuclear fuel on an industrial scale. Due to the deal’s fatal flaw—and that is the sunset clause—the ayatollah won’t even have to cheat to be just steps away from a nuclear weapon. All he has to do is wait 10 or 15 years until the deal expires. We cannot be sure that Iran is truly living up to its obligations under this agreement. I heard the assertion that it was. It is certainly not. In its annual report, published last month, the Ger-man intelligence reports: 
The illegal proliferation-sensitive procure-ment activities by Iran in Germany, reg-istered by the Federal Office for the Protec-tion of the Constitution, persisted in 2015 at what is, even by international standards, a quantitatively high level. This holds true in particular with regards to items which can be used in the field of nuclear technology. 
If this deal is working, why is Iran secretly violating it? Why is Iran buy-ing nuclear technology? b1045 Now, the point is that these activi-ties we are curtailing aren’t related to the nuclear deal, and that is the other point I would make. Unlike the administration, I am not willing to be able to be held hostage to the nuclear deal, doing nothing as Iran develops ICBMs in defiance of U.N. Se-curity Council resolutions. We realize what is happening here, I hope, is the ayatollah, on a weekly basis, leads these chants of ‘‘death to Israel,’’ ‘‘death to America’’ and as-serts that it is every military man’s re-sponsibility to figure out how to mass- produce intercontinental ballistic mis-siles. When he is talking about ‘‘inter-continental,’’ that means between con-tinents; that means between there and here. ‘‘Death to America’’ is not a con-fusing thing that we might be mis-interpreting. And it is worth noting that, in the last week, it surfaced that Iran continued trying to illegally pro-cure nuclear equipment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE). Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this and the other two bills before the House this week regarding Iran, all of which would weaken our national secu-rity and our international standing, and all of which the President has rightly threatened to veto. If there is a silver lining in this de-bate, it is that the majority has given us an opportunity to acknowledge the 1-year anniversary of the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action, which has made the world safer by severely con-straining Iran’s nuclear activities and subjecting them to unprecedented international oversight. Yet, instead of celebrating this land-mark achievement, the majority is seeking to undo it. H.R. 5119, H.R. 4992, and H.R. 5631, collectively, would deny Iran even the limited access to foreign investment and other meaningful in-centives that encourage compliance with the JCPOA. These are just the latest in a series of Republican efforts to undermine this historic agreement negotiated with the world’s major powers. Since the deal was finalized, Republicans have tried again and again and again to under-mine not just the JCPOA, but also the credibility of the President of the United States on the international stage. It appears the Iran nuclear agree-ment has become the ObamaCare of foreign policy. What I mean is that Re-publicans proclaim it a failure repeat-edly, despite its objective success. They call for its immediate repeal without offering any viable alter-natives, despite the potentially disas-trous consequences of such action; and they continue to clutter the congres-sional calendar with so-called message votes about Iran, instead of addressing the major issues facing our Nation. Now, these legislative antics con-tinue even though opponents of the JCPOA know full well that strong sanctions on Iran remain in place tar-geting the country’s human rights vio-lations, ballistic missile development, and support of terrorism. The bill before us, H.R. 5631, would impose additional mandatory sanctions on Iran for these same violations. There is no one in this Chamber about to let Iran off the hook for its egre-gious human rights violations or its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.019 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4952 July 14, 2016 
proliferation of terrorism and ballistic missile technology. And our Repub-lican friends know full well that if a violation of the JCPOA were to occur, we can put sanctions like these in place immediately. So why are we doing this bill now? Must we conclude that our colleagues are more interested in unravelling one of President Obama’s signature accom-plishments than they are with the facts of the matter? Let’s look at the facts: Because of this agreement, an Iranian nuclear weapon is not an imminent threat to the United States or our allies, includ-ing Israel. Because of this agreement, the breakout time for Iran to develop enough weapons-grade material for a nuclear weapon went from 2 or 3 months to a year or more. The inter-national community has 24/7 access to Iran’s nuclear sites, and we possess an enforcement mechanism to verify Iran’s compliance. By all objective accounts, Iran has upheld its end of the bargain, and it is vital that we uphold ours. This isn’t just my opinion. This week a bipar-tisan group of more than 75 national security experts sent a letter to the President stating that ‘‘Iran has re-mained in compliance with its commit-ments’’ and ‘‘all pathways to an Ira-nian nuclear weapon have been blocked.’’ I include in the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD this letter in its entirety. 
THEIRANPROJECT , New York, NY, July 12, 2016. Letter to the President on the Anniversary of the Nuclear Agreement with Iran. D
EARMR. PRESIDENT : On the first anniver-sary of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion (JCPOA) with Iran, Americans should be proud of your leadership in bringing about this landmark diplomatic agreement. As a result of the JCPOA all pathways to an Iranian nuclear weapon have been blocked, thereby providing greater security to our friends and partners in the region and to the world. From November 2013, when the interim nuclear agreement was reached, until today, Iran has remained in compliance with its commitments as verified by regular reports of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). We applaud your Administration’s commit-ment to the rigorous verification of Iran’s compliance and remaining in close contact with the U.S. negotiating partners on the JCPOA implementation. This will be essen-tial to ensure their cooperation should ac-tion be required to respond to an Iranian vio-lation. As your policies have shown, it will also be essential for the U.S. to continue to assure Israel and the Gulf states of its reso-lute commitment to their security as our traditional partners in the region. It will be necessary to ensure adequate long-term funding for the IAEA so that it can carry out its inspection and reporting functions as re-quired by the JCPOA. Future relations with Iran can improve or get worse and become dangerous for U.S. in-terests in the region as Iran continues to support the Assad regime and Hezbollah. The U.S. should develop policies that increase the chances of cooperation with Iran, mini-mize confrontation, and influence Iran’s ac-tions in the region. We acknowledge that op-portunities will be limited for testing Iran’s willingness to work directly with the U.S. due to the political uncertainties in both countries in the coming year, but engage-ment should be the U.S. government’s long- term goal. Your diplomatic undertaking with Iran was to seek a safer world and stem the pro-liferation of nuclear weapons. To achieve those ambitious goals you engaged in pro-longed and intense diplomatic negotiations that enabled you to deal directly with Iran and to test its willingness to work with the U.S. and others in some areas of common purpose. The alternative strategy would be to return to an earlier era of treating Iran as America’s principal enemy in the region, thereby: risking the unraveling of the JCPOA; drawing strong opposition from ne-gotiating partners; returning to a period of nuclear danger; missing important opportu-nities for collaboration in the fight against ISIS and the search for solutions to other re-gional problems; and risking another armed conflict involving the U.S. in the Middle East. We, therefore, encourage your Administra-tion to put in place an institutional struc-ture for conducting relations with Iran in all areas essential to U.S. interests. We suggest several channels that could be set up for your successor: A direct diplomatic channel at the deputy level to continue the communications cur-rently being conducted between the Sec-retary of State and Iranian Foreign Min-ister. Without such continuity during the transition period, the next Administration will lack the diplomatic means to enlist or pressure Iran in the management of impor-tant and urgent issues such as ISIS, Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan where the U.S. and Iran have some common but often clashing interests. An emergency communications capability with Iran’s government to avoid misunder-standings or the escalation of incidents or accidents. A regular and direct bilateral channel be-tween the U.S. Treasury and Iranian Central Bank to address all U.S. and Iranian ques-tions about the implementation of sanctions relief commitments under the JCPOA. Treasury and State will need to stay in close harmony in talks with Iran on sanctions re-lief. Iran’s leaders appear reluctant now to en-gage the U.S. beyond the implementation of the JCPOA, and Iran’s actions in the region may make engagement difficult for the U.S. But the one lesson learned from your diplo-matic efforts with Iran is that persevering patiently in pursuit of careful diplomacy can lead to progress. A variety of channels with Iran will be needed to drive home messages and to improve mutual understanding on our positions on issues of importance to the U.S.—including regional security questions and the treatment of dual nationals—among others. You have shown that well-conceived and tough-minded diplomacy can protect U.S. national security interests. Given the stakes, the U.S. will need more, not less, en-gagement with Iran. With respect, Amb. (ret.) Morton Abramowitz, Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research, Ambassador to Thailand and Turkey Graham Allison, Assistant Secretary of De-fense Les AuCoin, U.S. Representative Amb. (ret.) Barbara K. Bodine, Ambassador to Yemen David Bonior, U.S. Representative BGen Stephen A. Cheney (ret.), U.S. Marine Corps Joseph Cirincione, President of the Ploughshares Fund Amb. (ret.) James F. Collins, Ambassador at Large for the New Independent States and to the Russian Federation Leon N. Cooper, Brown University, Nobel Laureate Physics Amb. (ret.) Chester A. Crocker, Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Amb. (ret.) James B. Cunningham, Ambas-sador to Israel, Afghanistan, and the United Nations Tom Daschle, U.S. Senator, Senate Majority Leader Suzanne DiMaggio, Director and Senior Fel-low at New America Amb. (ret.) James Dobbins, Special Rep-resentative for Afghanistan and Pakistan Freeman Dyson, Professor of Physics Emer-itus, Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton University Major General Paul D. Eaton (ret.), U.S. Army, Managing Director Vet Voice Foundation Robert Einhorn, Assistant Secretary for Nonproliferation, the Secretary of State’s Special Advisor for Nonprolifera-tion and Arms Control Harold A. Feiveson (ret.), Senior Research Scientist, Princeton University Richard L. Garwin, Chair of the Arms Con-trol and Nonproliferation Advisory Board F. Gregory Gause III, Chairman and Head of the International Affairs Department at the Bush School of Government and Pub-lic Service, Texas A&M University Leslie H. Gelb, Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs, Director of Policy Planning and Arms Control at the Department of Defense Amb. (ret.) Marc Grossman, Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs, Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs, Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan, and Ambassador to Tur-key Morton H. Halperin, Director of Policy Plan-ning Department of State, Deputy As-sistant Secretary of Defense for Planning and Arms Control Lee H. Hamilton, U.S. Representative, Chair-man of the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee Gary Hart, U.S. Senator, Special Envoy to Northern Ireland Amb. (ret.) William C. Harrop, Ambassador to Israel, Inspector General of the State Department Stephen B. Heintz, President, Rockefeller Brothers Fund James Hoge, Former Editor of Foreign Af-fairs Magazine Amb. (ret.) Robert Hunter, National Secu-rity Council Director of Middle East Af-fairs and Ambassador to NATO Lt. Gen. (ret.) Arlen D. Jameson, U.S. Air Force, Deputy Commander U.S. Stra-tegic Command J. Bennett Johnston, U.S. Senator Nancy Landon Kassebaum, U.S. Senator LTG. Frank Kearney (ret.), U.S. Army, Dep-uty Director for Strategic Operational Planning at the National Counter-Ter-rorism Center LTG. Claudia J Kennedy (ret.), U.S. Army, Former Deputy Chief of Staff for Intel-ligence Amb. (ret.) Daniel Kurtzer, Ambassador to Israel and Egypt Ellen Laipson, Vice Chair of the National In-telligence Council, President Emeritus of Stimson Center Carl Levin, U.S. Senator and Chairman of the Senate Committee on Armed Serv-ices Mel Levine, U.S. Representative Amb. (ret.) John Limbert, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Iran 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.039 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4953 July 14, 2016 
Amb. (ret.) Winston Lord, Assistant Sec-retary of State for East Asia and the Pa-cific Ambassador to China, Director of Policy Planning, Department of State Amb. (ret.) William H. Luers, Ambassador to Czechoslovakia and Venezuela Richard G. Lugar, U.S. Senator, Chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Rela-tions Suzanne Maloney, Policy Planning Depart-ment of State, Deputy Director of the Foreign Policy Program at the Brook-ings Institution Jessica T. Mathews, Director of the Office of Global Issues, National Security Council Gen. (ret.) Merrill McPeak, U.S. Air Force, Chief of Staff Amb. (ret.) William G. Miller, Ambassador to Ukraine Amb. (ret.) Cameron Munter, Ambassador to Pakistan and Serbia Amb. (ret.) Richard W. Murphy, Ambassador to Saudi Arabia, Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern and South Asian Affairs Vali Nasr, Special Representative for Af-ghanistan and Pakistan, Dean of Johns Hopkins School of Advanced Inter-national Studies Richard Nephew, Director for Iran at the Na-tional Security Council, Deputy Coordi-nator for Sanctions Policy at the Depart-ment of State Amb. (ret.) Ronald E. Neumann, Ambassador to Afghanistan, Algeria, and Bahrain Gen. (ret.) Lloyd Fig Newton, U.S. Air Force, Commander, Air Education and Training Command Joseph Nye, Assistant Secretary of Defense, Chairman of the National Intelligence Council Admiral (ret.) Eric Olson, US. Navy, Com-mander of U.S. Special Operations Com-mand Amb. (ret.) Thomas Pickering, Permanent Representative to the United Nations; Undersecretary of State for Political Af-fairs; Ambassador to Israel, Russia, India, El Salvador, Nigeria and Jordan Paul R. Pillar, National Intelligence Officer for the Near East and South Asia Amb. (ret.) Nicholas Platt, Ambassador to Pakistan, Philippines, and Zambia Joe R. Reeder, Deputy Secretary of the Army, Chairman of the Panama Canal Commission Amb. (ret.) Francis J. Ricciardone, Ambas-sador to Egypt, Turkey, the Philippines, and Palau Burton Richter, Professor Emeritus, Stan-ford University; Nobel Laureate in Phys-ics Barnett R. Rubin, Senior Adviser to the Spe-cial Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan Gary S. Samore, White House Coordinator for Arms Control and Weapons of Mass Destruction, Senior Director for Non-proliferation and Export Controls at the National Security Council Gen. Brent Scowcroft (ret.), U.S. National Security Advisor Patricia Schroeder, U.S. Representative Gary Sick, Director of the Office of Iran and the Persian Gulf of the National Security Council Jim Slattery, U.S. Representative Mark Udall, U.S. Senator Amb. (ret.) Bill vanden Heuvel, Ambassador to the European Office of the United Na-tions, Deputy U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Frank N. von Hippel, Assistant Director for National Security, White House Office of Science and Technology Policy Jane Wales, Special Assistant to the Presi-dent, Senior Director of the National Se-curity Council, Deputy Assistant Sec-retary of State Amb. (ret.) Edward S. Walker, Jr., Ambas-sador to Israel, Egypt, and the United Arab Emirates James Walsh, Research Associate at Massa-chusetts Institute of Technology Secu-rity Studies Program Frank Wilczek, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Nobel Laureate in Physics Timothy E. Wirth, U.S. Senator Amb. (ret.) Frank Wisner, Under Secretary of State for International Security Af-fairs; Ambassador to India, Egypt, the Philippines, and Zambia. The signers of this statement are either former senior officials of the U.S. govern-ment or prominent national security leaders who have not held senior government posi-tions. The positions listed after the names of the former government officials are the sen-ior posts held while in government. The posi-tions listed after the names of those who were not from the government are listed with their current position. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this agreement is too impor-tant and the stakes are too high to treat this issue as just another polit-ical football. The safety and security of the United States, of Israel, and of the region depend on the successful imple-mentation and diligent enforcement of the JCPOA. Instead of scoring political points, or seeking to deny the President a signifi-cant achievement, we should be work-ing together in a bipartisan fashion to ensure the agreement’s success. We should be working together to ex-plore ways to enhance coordination and cooperation with Israel and the international community to address unacceptable Iranian behavior, such as support for Hezbollah and abuse of human rights. Yet we find ourselves here, 1 year after the agreement’s an-nouncement, still dealing with ObamaCare-style gamesmanship. It is beneath this institution. The world is watching. We may think a bill that has no chance of being signed into law doesn’t matter; but to the leaders of China or Russia or Iran, it sends a signal from our country of hesitation and disunity. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill and any bills that come before us with similar intent and to focus, in-stead, on ensuring the success of the JCPOA and reinforcing the agree-ment’s role in making the world a safer place. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), a valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, it is a lit-tle insulting to hear the remarks that were just made, as if any objection not toeing the line of this President, hav-ing objections to this arrangement, is partisan politics. The gentleman may have misspoken when he suggested that the Iran nu-clear deal was signed. I would offer that the Iran nuclear deal actually hasn’t been signed. The President has acknowledged not only is this not a treaty, but Secretary Kerry, when he was before the House Foreign Affairs Committee, said it is not even an exec-utive agreement. It is a political com-mitment, a signed letter from the State Department saying that this is an unsigned political commitment. Now, we are allowed to have objections to that. I would suggest that the best interest of national security is to join in sup-port of this bill and putting that over party politics. I rise today in support of the Iran Ac-countability Act introduced by House Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY . I also commend Chairman E
DROYCE  for all of his incredibly valuable leader-ship, chairing the House Foreign Af-fairs Committee; and I also commend Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL , who I know is deeply passionate about U.S. security and the relationship with and accountability with Iran and strength-ening our relationship with Israel. I know his heart is absolutely in the right place. So it is not a difficult position for all the Democratic colleagues who voted against the Iran nuclear agreement. I know that that takes an incredible amount of courage to stand up to a President of your own party. You did it for all the right reasons, putting na-tional security over party politics. That wasn’t partisanship. It was ac-tually a bipartisan vote in this House to disapprove of that Iran nuclear deal. Democrats who decided to put Amer-ican security first voted against the Iran nuclear deal, an unsigned political commitment. Why were the Iranians at the table? Sanctions relief. It is not because we asked nicely, not because they want to be good world citizens. It is because they wanted the money. Then we gave them the money. They got through their election. By the way, those who say that the most moderate members were elected, that is discounting the fact that the 12,000 most moderate members weren’t even allowed access to the ballot. There were only the hardliners left on the ballot. So the Iranians get the money; they get past their elections; and here we are today. And you are insulting us in this Chamber by saying that any con-cern that we have, if it doesn’t toe the President’s party line, is partisan poli-tics. I don’t care who the President is, whether it is Republican or Democrat, this one or the next one, the fact is what brought the Iranians to the table, the leverage, was the sanctions relief. And the sanctions relief that they re-ceived is now gone. So as they test-fire intercontinental ballistic missiles in violation of inter-national law, they unjustly imprison Americans as they commit their human rights abuses. Everything that they are doing today, we take excep-tion with and we are acting on, and that’s why I rise. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.019 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4954 July 14, 2016 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from New York. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, every-thing that we come to this well on this day to vote in favor of this legislation and Chairman R
OYCE ’s legislation, three pieces of legislation to hold the Iranians accountable, it is the fact that, if we want the Iranians to come back to the table, we need to put the leverage back on the table. They are not coming back if we ask nicely. They haven’t changed who they are. They are not good world citizens. I am not going to sit here and allow this script of a White House taxpayer- funded fiction writer, Ben Rhodes, going to the media to spread whatever false lies and narratives to help sell the Iran nuclear deal. We are here to represent our con-stituents and the American public. This is not about a narrative of a President and his legacy. This is about American security and doing what is best and doing what is right for our constituents and the American public. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. L
EVIN), the ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, this bill is more than deeply troubling. You talk about bipartisanship, and you come forth with a bill that completely breaks it down. This issue is too essen-tial to become a total tool of partisan jockeying. Our relationship with Israel is too vital to become a total political plaything. I refer, as my colleague from North Carolina did, to the statement of 75 na-tional security leaders. I quote: ‘‘Dear Mr. President, ‘‘On the first anniversary of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) with Iran, Americans should be proud of your leadership in bringing about this landmark diplomatic agree-ment. ‘‘As a result of the JCPOA all path-ways to an Iranian nuclear weapon have been blocked, thereby providing greater security to our friends and partners in the region and to the world. From November 2013, when the interim nuclear agreement was reached, until today, Iran has remained in compliance with its commitments as verified by regular reports of the International Atomic Energy Agency.’’ This letter is signed by 75, including Brent Scowcroft. Why don’t you totally partisan Re-publicans, who are approaching a con-vention and a Presidential race, listen to very much-respected people within your own party? Instead, you are thumbing your nose like this at them and at all of those who endeavor to bring about an effective policy regard-ing nuclear weaponry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, today is simply unmasked political chicanery. This issue deserves better than the majority leader coming here without any notice, really, and putting forth a resolution that does nothing but harm what used to be a centerpiece of foreign policy: bipartisanship when it comes to the Middle East and the security of Israel. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. CARTER ). b1100 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5631 to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and for its human rights abuses. As a Member of Congress, I believe one of our most important duties is to ensure that Americans continue to re-main secure from other countries that wish to harm us. Last year, President Obama entered into an agreement with Iran, which now allows Iran to advance their nu-clear energy program. In turn, the President has allowed sanctions against Iran to be removed even though entities of the Iranian Govern-ment continue to conduct human rights violations. In addition, Iran con-tinues to refine their ballistic missile program and support terrorism, which represents a serious threat to the United States and our allies. It should be the clear intent of this body that the continued use of eco-nomic sanctions against the country of Iran is necessary to ensure Iran does not have the resources necessary to harm or even eliminate our country or its allies. H.R. 5631 does this. It ensures that the policy of this country is to continue to take aggressive action against Iran to prevent the develop-ment of weapons that could harm our country or our allies. We must also continue to ensure that it is the policy of this country that ef-forts be taken to prevent human rights violations by any country. I would like to thank my colleague, Majority Leader M
CCARTHY , for bring-ing this bill to the floor, and I encour-age all of my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time remains on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California has 13
1⁄2min-utes remaining, and the gentleman from New York has 12 minutes remain-ing. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ), a very hardworking and respected member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. DEUTCH. I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, this week we approach the 1-year anniversary of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, the JCPOA, the agreement negotiated by the P5+1 countries over Iran’s illicit pursuit of nuclear weapons. One year later, Iran remains far outside the community of responsible countries. Iran continues to sponsor terrorism around the region. It funds and sup-ports the murderous Assad regime. It spouts anti-Semitic and anti-Israel vit-riol. It foments unrest in other coun-tries. It denies basic human rights to its citizens, and it unlawfully detains American citizens. Iran has still not re-turned my constituent, Robert Levinson, who went missing in Iran in 2007 and is now the longest-held Amer-ican hostage. My friends on the other side of the aisle know that, and I commend Chair-man ROYCE for his diligence in looking for ways to strengthen our sanctions regime and to vigilantly enforce the Iran nuclear deal in order to keep the pressure on Iran. Iran’s subversive actions have not re-lented despite the agreement. Iran has explicitly and repeatedly violated U.N. Security Council resolutions by testing its ballistic missile technology, weap-ons capable of delivering nuclear war-heads. In addition, recent intelligence reports from Germany expose that Iran sought technology related to the devel-opment of nuclear, biological, and chemical weapons. So there is a lot that needs to be done to keep the pres-sure on Iran. For all of these reasons, Congress needs to reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act, the law that actually serves as the foundation for our sanctions policy. We have to pass new sanctions to address Iran’s repeated ballistic missile tests, and we have to crack down on Iran’s fi-nancial support for terrorism. These are items that have always enjoyed broad bipartisan support. All of the areas that Iran is doing harm through-out the region—support for terrorism, violation of the human rights of their people, ballistic missile tests—every-thing that falls outside of the nuclear deal, we should be working together to strengthen with this bipartisan sup-port. But rushing through legislation that is designed to undermine the JCPOA and put the United States in violation of our commitments under the JCPOA not only fail to punish Iran’s malfea-sance—which is our goal, and it is the shared goal—but it weakens America’s ability to lead a global effort against Iran’s destabilizing efforts throughout the world. We can’t do this on our own. We need to work with our allies. We need to lead our allies. That is the role that the United States has always played. Mr. Speaker, I did not support the Iran nuclear agreement, but it is in ef-fect, and it must be enforced with vigi-lance. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
URBELO of Florida). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. DEUTCH. I thank my friend. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.022 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4955 July 14, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, we have to maintain immense pressure on the Iranian re-gime so long as it violates human rights, supports terrorism, and tests ballistic missiles; but failure by the United States to uphold the deal will only weaken—I repeat for my col-leagues who share my commitment to standing up to Iran, it will only weak-en—our efforts to lead the inter-national community in taking strong action to counter Iran’s actions both under and outside of the JCPOA. These three bills this week that have been rushed to the floor without hav-ing the opportunity to discuss them, to debate them, and to develop broad bi-partisan support on them in ways that will not jeopardize our role under the JCPOA weaken our ability to lead. That is why I oppose them, and that is why I urge my colleagues to oppose them as well. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), our Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I regret that I rise to oppose this bill. I have historically and repeatedly worked in a bipartisan fashion to bring bills to this floor that were supported by both par-ties as it relates to the security of Israel. This bill comes to the floor as we take stock of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, the Iran nuclear deal. This bill, disappointingly, was written without any input from Democrats or any committee or through regular order. By not acting in a bipartisan manner, we are missing the oppor-tunity to send an important message to Iran of our steadfast resolve in hold-ing it accountable both to their com-mitments under the JCPOA and under applicable U.S. laws and U.N. resolu-tions. We need to remember that it was toughness born from bipartisan unity that brought Iran to the table in the first place. That, again, is what will be required to ensure its full compliance. As much as Iran has mostly complied with the letter of the deal, it has pushed the limits when it comes to its spirit. One of my major concerns about the deal from a year ago remains, and it is that the deal is limited in scope only to Iran’s nuclear activities. It does not cover the other areas in which Iran has proven to be a dangerous and threat-ening actor. Mr. Speaker, U.N. Security Council Resolution 2231, which implemented the JCPOA, called for Iran to halt its ballistic missile program. Instead, Iran has continued to develop and test mis-siles that could carry a nuclear pay-load. There have also been reports that it is attempting to acquire ballistic missile technology in violation of U.N. Resolution 2231. Iran’s sponsorship of global terror has continued unabated, and its arms and fighters stream into Syria, exacer-bating the instability there and threat-ening regional security. Hamas and Hezbollah continue to threaten Israel with Iranian arms and financial sup-port, and Iran’s leaders continue to call for the end of the Jewish State of Israel. That is why, even as Iran has re-ceived sanctions relief through the JCPOA, it was always understood that we would need and be able to increase pressure on Iran with additional sanc-tions targeting its ballistic missile pro-gram and other destabilizing actions. We must not allow Iran to violate the nuclear deal. If Iran does not feel that it is suffi-ciently benefiting from the nuclear deal, frankly, that is because its ma-lign activities and its outdated bank-ing system are continuing to deter for-eign investment. Iran and the world need to under-stand that it is not America’s job to fix the problems that Iran has created for itself. That is why, as Iran continues to flaunt its obligations and sponsor ter-rorism around the world, its leaders must know with certainty that there will be real consequences from the United States and our allies for those actions. I am opposing this bill and urging that Democrats and Republicans—and my friend, Mr. R
OYCE , has done that re-peatedly throughout his leadership of the Committee on Foreign Affairs—re-turn to our successful bipartisan part-nership, as we have in the past, to re-authorize the Iran Sanctions Act as soon as possible, and then work toward enacting sanctions targeting Iran’s bal-listic missile program. Let’s come back here with legislation that sends a powerful message to Iran that there is no daylight between the parties in Congress when it comes to our shared resolve that Iran must abandon its sponsorship of terror, end its ballistic missile program, and com-ply fully with the JCPOA. My friends, Chairman R
OYCE , Ranking Member E
NGEL , and my colleagues, our com-mitment to Israel and international peace and security demands no less. Let us return to bipartisanship on which Israel has relied and the message that we sent was stronger, firmer, and more effective. Let us defeat this par-tisan legislation and return to the bi-partisan table. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. The goal of the Iran Accountability Act, the goal of this measure we are talking about today is not to force the administration to violate its flawed Iran deal. The goal here, the goal of this bill is to call upon the President to uphold his pledge to remain vigilant and respond to Iran’s continued sup-port for its ballistic missile program and terrorism and its human rights abuses. Okay? The sanctions in this bill would force the administration to act decisively with respect to the twin threats of Iran’s effort to develop and acquire bal-listic missiles and to support ter-rorism. It would seek to bolster the ef-fect of secondary sanctions that apply outside the United States on Iran’s de-velopment of ballistic missiles in the wake of the administration’s wholesale retreat from multilateral sanctions re-garding ballistic missiles. If the administration was actually involved in enforcing this, this legisla-tion would not be necessary. Last July, Secretary of State John Kerry testified that the U.N. Security Council Resolu-tion 2231, which implemented the deal, contains the exact same language pro-hibiting Iran from developing ballistic weapons as the previous resolution. That sounded pretty encouraging to us. Oh, if only it were true. If only it had been true. The text of the resolution appears to suggest it is quite the opposite. In U.N. SCR 2231, Iran is nonbindingly called upon—those are the words, ‘‘called upon’’—to refrain from developing bal-listic missiles designed to be capable of delivering nuclear warheads. By con-trast, the original resolution bindingly stated that Iran shall not—shall not— develop ballistic missiles capable of de-livering nuclear warheads. Now, here is where we have to focus, my friends. Here is where we have to focus. This past spring, Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Zarif bragged on this very point, and here are his words. He said that he negotiated a loophole. He negotiated a loophole that would enable the regime to continue to de-velop nuclear-capable ballistic mis-siles. That is why we are here debating this today. What did he say? The new resolution, he claimed—and these are his words—doesn’t call upon Iran not to test ballistic missiles capa-ble of delivering nuclear warheads. No. It calls upon Iran not to test ballistic missiles that were designed to be capa-ble. And he adds: ‘‘That word took me about 7 months to negotiate, so every-body knew what it meant.’’ As such, Iran could develop a bal-listic missile capable of carrying a nu-clear warhead but then claim it was not designed for that specific purpose. b1115 Later reports indicated that the United States and its European allies issued a joint letter. Now, remember, Iran has now fired off eight tests. The last test, on the ballistic weapons, on the side of them, it said ‘‘Death to Israel’’ in Farsi and in Hebrew. And that joint letter stated that Iran’s re-cent ballistic missile tests were—what was the word used by the United States now?—were inconsistent with, rather than a violation of, the resolution. So which is it? Ultimately, the U.N. fails to impose new sanctions despite Iran’s continued missile tests. During this entire debate on the floor this House, the talking points indicated that Iran would be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.023 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4956 July 14, 2016 
prevented from developing and using and testing these ballistic missiles for the next 8 years. Now we find out that, apparently, the administration intends to allow this continued buildup of their capabilities of an intercontinental bal-listic missile. Thus, what this legislation seeks to restore is the necessary deterrent ef-fect with respect to ballistic missiles and correct the administration’s debili-tating mistakes. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ), a very respected and hardworking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). I rise in opposition to H.R. 5631, the so-called Iran Accountability Act. The majority has decided, on its own, without any bipartisanship, to co-opt traditional action on a bipartisan basis to counter Iran by fast-tracking sharp-ly partisan legislation that would un-dermine not only the Iran nuclear agreement but fracture the very deli-cate international coalition that al-lowed us to reverse the nuclear devel-opment in Iran. I guess that is some-thing that happens when amateurs write a bill without any foreign policy background. This bill was drafted, as Mr. H
OYER  indicated, with no input from the mi-nority and was brought to the floor under a closed rule. How can anyone, much less our adversary Iran, take this seriously? If the majority really cared about countering Iran, it would safeguard longstanding bipartisan consensus and bring to the floor a clean reauthoriza-tion of the Iran Sanctions Act, which I would support and I am sure most peo-ple on my side of the aisle. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 15 seconds. Mr. CONNOLLY. Instead, the major-ity is scrambling to pass at the last hour of this part of our session, just be-fore a 7-week recess, the bill before us today. It is a farce. It is a dangerous gambit by the majority to play election-year politics at the expense of U.S. bipar-tisan foreign policy. I urge rejection of this ill-considered bill. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. You know, the question is not wheth-er Iran is a good player. Iran is not a good player. The question is: What should be our response to it? It is not a question of whether the Iranian re-gime is good or bad. Of course it is bad. I opposed the Iran deal. The question is: How do we react to it? Mr. Speaker, we had an opportunity to work on meaningful legislation that would have held Iran’s feet to the fire and ensured the nuclear deal was being fully, fairly implemented. It could have been a reauthorization of the Iran Sanctions Act. It could have been an-other bipartisan approach. But, instead, we are going to vote on this bill, which will pass mostly on par-tisan lines, and then skip town for 7 weeks. I think that is a shame, because I don’t think we have done our job. And there is no job more important than protecting America’s security. Ramming through partisan bills that don’t stand a chance of becoming law is just irresponsible. It diminishes Con-gress’ role in making foreign policy. It certainly diminishes the Foreign Af-fairs Committee’s role. So I hope when we return from the break we can hit the reset button on the way we deal with these issues. I think it is important for us to work to-gether in a bipartisan fashion. As I have said so many times on this floor, it has been a pleasure working with Chairman ROYCE on the committee in a bipartisan fashion. Give the committee a chance to for-mulate a bill that will hold Iran’s feet to the fire. It is a terrible regime. It is a bloody regime. We are all united on both sides of the aisle in wanting to confront that regime. The question is how to do it. You don’t do it by ram-ming through a partisan bill. You do it by working in a bipartisan fashion. For now, we should reject this bill, go back to the drawing board, and work together to confront the Iranian murderous regime. They are a regime that we need to confront. Nobody dis-agrees on that on both sides of the aisle. The question is: Should we do it together? Let’s do it together. The Foreign Af-fairs Committee has been a bipartisan mecca of how Congress should work. Let’s go back to that, particularly with foreign policy. Let’s go back to that. So I urge my colleagues to reject the bill. We have good people on both sides of the aisle. We all want to see the same thing. Let’s put our heads to-gether and come up with a consensus and confront Iran. Reject the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. The first point I would make, Mr. Speaker, is that, under the agreement, Iran has kept much of its nuclear infra-structure. It continues to develop ad-vanced centrifuges. It continues to gain the ability to produce nuclear fuel on an industrial scale. This means, if we are looking at the long haul on enforcement and chal-lenges ahead, that the ayatollah won’t even have to cheat to be just steps away from a nuclear weapon when the clock runs out. In the meantime, tens of billions of dollars in sanctions relief is now start-ing to flow to Iran’s Islamic Revolu-tionary Guard Corps. Now, the assurances that we have been given—and these underlying con-cerns, by the way, are why so many Members, including many from the Foreign Affairs Committee, opposed the administration’s deal with Iran in the first place. But these long-term problems now of Iran beginning to use that money for terrorist activity, for the IRGC, and for support for Hezbollah is what is prompting our effort now to try to get some kind of an enforcement, not nec-essarily on the deal itself, but on origi-nal assurances we had been given by the President. For example, when he presented this deal, he claimed that the United States would remain vigilant in countering Iran’s sponsorship of terrorism, its sup-port for proxies who destabilize the Middle East, its threats against Amer-ica’s friends and allies, like Israel. Some of us supported the nuclear deal with Iran; some of us didn’t. But, regardless, I don’t think any of us thought that Iran should be given carte blanche to continue and even escalate its dangerous hostility in that region and its hostility to us and our allies and hostility to the Iranian people, frankly, which is another issue. That is not what the administration told us last year. It makes sense to do all we can to check this very dangerous trend in Ira-nian activity. The problem is that the administration refuses to do this. This is what drives us to bring the bill to the floor. The administration refuses to negotiate, as I said before, on any-thing with the word ‘‘Iran’’ in it. So that is why we are here. I would ask my colleagues who op-pose this measure: We were told, all right, we are going to hold them on human rights. How many Iranian offi-cials has the administration designated for human rights abuses since the ne-gotiations ended? The answer to that is zero. There have been no human rights designations in the past year. Talk about walking on eggshells. Despite the fact that Iran’s Minister of Justice and head of the judiciary— they are clear human rights violators, but they have not been designated, as the number of executions inside Iran go up. Iranian regional aggression has in-creased exponentially since this agree-ment was reached. The administration has been reluctant to act decisively on that. In March, the CENTCOM Com-mander, General Joe Votel, testified that Iran has become more aggressive in the days since the agreement. Similarly, our Director of National Intelligence says Iran—in his words, the foremost state sponsor of ter-rorism—continues to exert its influ-ence in regional crises in the Middle East through the International Revolu-tionary Guard Corps, through the Quds Force, its terrorist partner Lebanese Hezbollah, and its proxy groups. It also provides military and economic aid to its allies in the region. Iran and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.025 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4957 July 14, 2016 
Hezbollah remain a continuing ter-rorist threat to U.S. interests and part-nerships worldwide. Now, if the IRGC ends up with $100 billion—because it is the International Revolutionary Guard Corps that, in fact, nationalized most of the compa-nies inside Iran. If they get their hands on this money and if this terrorist- sponsoring organization continues its proliferation, then Hezbollah is going to be the primary beneficiary of the sanctions relief. We were assured that steps were going to be taken on that point. That was supposed to be our end goal, right? Secretary Kerry even admitted im-mediately after the implementation day, ‘‘I think that some of it will end up in the hands of the IRGC or other entities, some of which are labeled ‘ter-rorists.’ You know, to some degree, I am not going to sit here and tell you that every component of that can be prevented.’’ Okay, it can’t all be prevented, but surely some of it can. The Secretary of State was basically saying that there was nothing the U.S. could do to pre-vent the IRGC and terrorists from ben-efiting exponentially from sanctions relief. No wonder Iran’s efforts to de-stabilize the region are picking up steam. Consider Iran’s smuggling of weapons to militants throughout the region. Ac-cording to the State Department, Iran arms Hezbollah with advanced, long- range Iranian manufactured missiles, in violation of the U.N. Security Coun-cil resolution. We are trying to do something to at least say: Stop that. Just days after the announcement of the JCPOA, here is what Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah asserted that that deal would not stand in the way of Iranian support for Hezbollah. How right he was, because in June 2016 Nasrallah boasted that all of Hezbollah’s weapons and rockets came from the Islamic Republic of Iran— 150,000 rockets pointed at our ally, Israel. And now they say they are going to be able to target those with GPS technology. Aren’t we going to stand in the way of that? Similarly, Iran continues to desta-bilize our partners in the Gulf. They al-ready overthrew the Government in Yemen with their support for the Shi-ite Houthis there; particularly, also, in Bahrain, where they carry out a low- level insurgency as well. I beg to differ with the Secretary of State. There is something we can do. We can act on the administration’s stated commitment to our allies and hold Iran’s feet to the fire on this issue. The Iran deal should not come at the cost of the domestic security of our re-gional allies. We could have the origi-nal deal, and we could still enforce what we were told on this floor would be enforced. For 8 years, they were not supposed to be proliferating or developing bal-listic missiles. For 5 years, they were not supposed to be transferring to Hezbollah additional weapons capa-bility. Now we are turning a blind eye. Now we are walking on eggshells with re-spect to their treatment of their own people, as the human rights violations and the executions become worse and as they hold two more Americans. Frankly, that is why this legislation is before us on the House floor. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1130 The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 819, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
UNITED STATES FINANCIAL SYSTEM PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 819, I call up the bill (H.R. 4992) to codify regulations re-lating to transfers of funds involving Iran, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Y
ODER ). Pursuant to House Resolution 819, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4992 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States Financial System Protection Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS, SENSE OF CONGRESS, AND STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) On November 8, 2011, the Department of the Treasury identified the Islamic Republic of Iran as a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern pursuant to section 5318A of title 31, United States Code, including Iran’s Central Bank, private Iranian banks, branches, and subsidiaries of Iranian banks operating outside of Iran as posing illicit fi-nance risks for the global financial system. (2) On November 6, 2008, the Department of the Treasury announced that it was revoking the ‘‘U-turn’’ license for Iran, stating that ‘‘as a member of the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), the United States today ful-filled its obligation to strengthen measures to protect the financial sector from the risks posed to the international financial system by Iran’’. (3) On February 19, 2016, the Financial Ac-tion Task Force (FATF), the global standard setting body for anti-money laundering and combating the financing of terrorism which has determined that Iran is a ‘‘non-cooper-ating country or territory’’ in the fight against money laundering and terror financ-ing since 2008, stated that, ‘‘the FATF re-mains particularly and exceptionally con-cerned about Iran’s failure to address the risk of terrorist financing and the serious threat this poses to the integrity of the international financial system’’. (4) United States and foreign businesses op-erating or seeking to operate in Iran run sig-nificant risks, as corruption in Iran is en-demic, with Transparency International ranking Iran 130 out of 168 countries. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the entire financial sector of Iran, including Iran’s Central Bank, private Iranian banks and branches, and subsidiaries of Iranian banks operating outside of Iran, poses illicit finance risks for the global fi-nancial system due to its proliferation, sup-port for terrorism, and other illicit conduct. (c) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It shall be the policy of the United States to— (1) deny Iran access to funds denominated in United States dollars, including through any offshore United States dollar clearing system for transactions involving the Gov-ernment of Iran or an Iranian person; and (2) deny Iran access to United States dol-lars through any offshore United States dol-lar clearing system conducted or overseen by a foreign government or a foreign financial institution for transactions involving the Government of Iran or an Iranian person. 
SEC. 3. CODIFICATION OF REGULATIONS RELAT-ING TO TRANSFERS OF FUNDS IN-VOLVING IRAN; CLARIFICATION OF APPLICATION OF REGULATIONS TO FOREIGN DEPOSITORY INSTITU-TIONS AND FOREIGN REGISTERED BROKERS AND DEALERS. 
(a) C ODIFICATION OF REGULATIONS .—Section 560.516 of title 31, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as in effect on January 1, 2016, shall apply with respect to transfers of funds to or from Iran, or for the direct or indirect ben-efit of an Iranian person or the Government of Iran, for the period beginning on or after January 1, 2016, and ending on the date on which the President makes the certification to the appropriate congressional committees under section 401(a) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divest-ment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8551(a)). (b) C
LARIFICATION OF APPLICATION OF REGU-
LATIONS TO FOREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
AND FOREIGN REGISTERED BROKERS AND  D
EALERS .— (1) F
OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS .—Sub- section (a) of section 560.516 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on Janu-ary 1, 2016, shall apply with respect to for-eign financial institutions to the same ex-tent and in the same manner as such sub-section applies with respect to United States depository institutions if the funds that are to be transferred as described in such sub-section are funds that are denominated in United States dollars. (2) F
OREIGN REGISTERED BROKERS AND DEAL -
ERS.—Subsection (b) of section 560.516 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on January 1, 2016, shall apply with respect to foreign registered brokers or dealers in se-curities to the same extent and in the same manner as such subsection applies with re-spect to United States registered brokers or dealers in securities if the funds that are to be transferred as described in such sub-section are funds that are denominated in United States dollars. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.026 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4958 July 14, 2016 
(3) S USPENSION .—The President may sus-pend the application of paragraph (1) with re-spect to a foreign financial institution or the application of paragraph (2) with respect to a foreign registered broker or dealer in securi-ties for a period not to exceed 60 days, and the President may renew the suspension of the application of paragraph (1) or paragraph (2), respectively, for additional periods of not more than 60 days, on and after the date on which the President certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that during the preceding 60-day period the Government of Iran is in compliance with the criteria de-scribed in section 401(a)(1) of the Comprehen-sive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Di-vestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8551(a)(1)). (c) L
ICENSING RESTRICTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the President may not issue any license under the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) or provide other guidance, including executive actions, rules, regulations, fre-quently asked questions, written commu-nications, or any other commitments, that permits— (A) a United States depository institution or United States registered broker or dealer in securities— (i) to conduct an offshore United States dollar clearing system for transactions in-volving or for the benefit of the Government of Iran or an Iranian person, including to process transfers of funds to or from Iran under section 560.516 of title 31, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, as in effect on January 1, 2016; or (ii) to provide United States dollars for any offshore United States dollar clearing sys-tem conducted or overseen by a foreign gov-ernment or a foreign financial institution for transactions involving or for the benefit of the Government of Iran or an Iranian person, including to process transfers of funds to or from Iran under section 560.516 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on January 1, 2016; or (B) a foreign financial institution or for-eign registered broker or dealer in securi-ties— (i) to conduct an offshore United States dollar clearing system for transactions in-volving or for the benefit of the Government of Iran or an Iranian person, including to process transfers of funds to or from Iran under section 560.516 of title 31, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, as in effect on January 1, 2016, and as applied under subsection (b); or (ii) to provide United States dollars for any offshore United States dollar clearing sys-tem conducted or overseen by a foreign gov-ernment or a foreign financial institution for transactions involving or for the benefit of the Government of Iran or an Iranian person, including to process transfers of funds to or from Iran under section 560.516 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on January 1, 2016, and as applied under sub-section (b). (2) E
XCEPTION FOR HUMANITARIAN PUR -
POSES .—The President may, on a case-by- case basis, issue a license described in para-graph (1) to authorize the activities de-scribed in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (1)(A) or the activities described in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (1)(B) if— (A) such activities relate solely to— (i) the provision of agricultural commod-ities, food, medicine, or medical devices to Iran; or (ii) the provision of humanitarian assist-ance to the people of Iran; and (B) the President submits to the appro-priate congressional committees a copy of the license. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. (2) F
OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘foreign financial institution’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on January 1, 2016. (3) I
RAN.—The term ‘‘Iran’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 561.329 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on January 1, 2016. (4) I
RANIAN PERSON .—The term ‘‘Iranian person’’ means a person or entity (as such terms are defined in section 560.305 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on January 1, 2016) that— (A) is organized under the laws of Iran or any jurisdiction within Iran (including for-eign branches); or (B) is a person in Iran. (5) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—The term ‘‘trans-fer of funds’’— (A) has the meaning given the term ‘‘funds transfer’’ in section 1010.100 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on Janu-ary 1, 2016; and (B) includes a transfer of funds or other property for the benefit of an Iranian finan-cial institution that is made between ac-counts of the same financial institution even if that Iranian financial institution is not the direct recipient of the transfer. (6) U
NITED STATES DEPOSITORY INSTITU -
TION.—The term ‘‘United States depository institution’’ has the meaning given such term in section 560.319 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on January 1, 2016. (7) U
NITED STATES REGISTERED BROKER OR  
DEALER IN SECURITIES .—The term ‘‘United States registered broker or dealers in securi-ties’’ has the meaning given such term in section 560.321 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on January 1, 2016. 
SEC. 4. CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT FOR RE-MOVAL OF DESIGNATION OF IRAN AS A JURISDICTION OF PRIMARY MONEY LAUNDERING CONCERN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President may not rescind a preliminary draft rule or final rule (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act) that provides for the designation of Iran as a jurisdiction of pri-mary money laundering concern pursuant to section 5318A of title 31, United States Code, unless the President submits to the appro-priate congressional committees a certifi-cation described in subsection (b) with re-spect to Iran. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The President may re-scind a preliminary draft rule or final rule described in subsection (a) if the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees a certification that the Govern-ment of Iran is no longer engaged in support for terrorism, pursuit of weapons of mass de-struction, and any illicit and deceptive fi-nancial activities. (c) F
ORM.—The certification described in subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may contain a classified annex. (d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on H.R. 4992. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4992. This bill would prohibit trade with Iran in dol-lars, and that is the world’s top cur-rency. The Iranian access to the U.S. financial system here is what is at risk. When selling this Iran deal to Con-gress, Treasury Secretary Lew testified unequivocally that—and I am going to quote him; I am going to quote our Treasury Secretary—‘‘Iranian banks will not be able to clear U.S. dollars through New York, hold correspondent account relationships with U.S. finan-cial institutions, or enter into financ-ing arrangements with U.S. banks.’’ He testified: ‘‘Iran, in other words, will continue to be denied access to the world’s largest financial and commer-cial market.’’ The Secretary strongly denied the administration was giving away the store to Iran. We were told that the re-strictions on Iran’s access to the U.S. dollar were key to pushing back on Iran’s terrorism and on its missile pro-liferation. But for the past 6 months, as the Ira-nian Supreme Leader has ratcheted up complaints about the pace of sanctions relief, the Obama administration has shifted to ‘‘making sure Iran gets re-lief.’’ That is the theme. Indeed, the State Department has taken its advocacy for Iran to a new and disturbing level by trying to per-suade major non-U.S. banks that doing Iran-related business is not only per-mitted, but is actually encouraged. As one witness told the committee in May, the United States is acting as the ‘‘business development and trade pro-motion authority of the Islamic Repub-lic of Iran.’’ And the administration is looking for ways for Iran to be able to conduct business in dollars. When challenged before the House Fi-nancial Services Committee in March, Secretary Lew would not answer au-thoritatively whether the United States may offer Iran the ability to ac-cess onshore or offshore dollar-clear-ing, to allow for dollar-denominated transactions and ease Iran’s ability to trade internationally. The ayatollah wants this form of sanctions relief—to essentially declare that Iran is open for business—without ending its support for terrorism and ending its proliferation of missiles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.020 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4959 July 14, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, the United States should not be offering additional spe-cial exemptions to assist Iran with ac-cess to dollars while Iran remains a leading state sponsor of terror, subject to serious sanctions. Notably, the Treasury Department’s designation of Iran as a primary money laundering concern remains, and that is a recognition that any financial transaction with Iran risks supporting the regime’s ongoing illicit activities. That is part of the reason that the Fi-nancial Action Task Force, which sets the global anti-money laundering standards, has warned of, in their words, ‘‘the terrorist financing risk emanating from Iran and the threat this poses to the international finan-cial system.’’ Instead of granting such a significant unilateral concession of Iranian access to dollarized transactions, this legisla-tion requires a reciprocal step by Tehran. Iran must stop its support for terrorism, one of the top concerns that administration officials promised that they were going to address using its re-maining sanctions after the nuclear agreement. This is an approach that all Members should support. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this week Republicans have made it a top priority to bypass regular order and rush a number of measures to the floor as part of their reckless and politically driven Iran week agenda that would put the United States in breach of our commitments under the Iran nuclear deal. Concluded a year ago, the Iran nu-clear deal, known as the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action, or the JCPOA, will prevent Iran from obtain-ing a nuclear bomb for the foreseeable future. The agreement imposed tough restrictions on and heavy monitoring of Iran’s nuclear program in exchange for nuclear-related sanctions relief. To date, Iran has upheld its end of the deal, and I believe we have a responsi-bility to uphold our commitments as well. The bill before us today, H.R. 4992, is just one of the measures under consid-eration this week that is aimed square-ly at prohibiting Iran from experi-encing the sanctions relief promised under the agreement that is the JCPOA. As part of the Iran nuclear deal, the U.S. committed to lift secondary sanc-tions to allow Iran to conduct banking transactions outside of the United States in return for Iran meeting its nuclear-related commitments, which was verified by the International Atomic Energy Agency. H.R. 4992, this bill, would put the United States in direct violation of the JCPOA by reapplying these secondary sanctions that had been lifted as part of the agreement. Moreover, the bill would undermine the good faith com-mitment made by all parties under the JCPOA to uphold the letter, the spirit, and intent of the agreement, and to re-frain from action that would under-mine its successful implementation. By denying the relief we committed to provide under the deal, we throw the continued viability of the JCPOA into question, thereby abandoning the best chance we have at preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. In addition to violating our commit-ments under the JCPOA, this bill does nothing to provide additional protec-tion for the United States financial system. The bill’s proponents ignore the fact that our primary embargo on Iran remains in effect and that the ad-ministration is already taking robust measures to protect the United States financial system from access by Iran. To the extent this bill is motivated by rumors that the administration is preparing to grant Iran new access to the U.S. financial system beyond the scope of JCPOA, I would point out that the administration has said that these rumors are entirely unfounded. The ad-ministration has also made clear that it has no intention of reinstating the U-turn authorization, which permits foreign firms to use the U.S. as a pass- through for facilitating transactions with Iran, or give Iran access to the United States financial system. The President has officially stated that he will veto this bill and any other legislation that prevents the suc-cessful implementation of the Iran nu-clear deal. We must ask ourselves, if we under-mine this deal that we made, what comes next, more sanctions? It is important to remember that the harsh nuclear-related sanctions that were previously in place did not pre-vent Iran from continuing to pursue a nuclear capability. A United States-led attack on Iran—I sincerely hope that we would work diligently to avoid this option. Lastly, I am opposed to this bill being brought directly to the floor without going through regular order. We did not hold a hearing. We did not hold a markup in the Financial Serv-ices Committee on this legislation, de-nying Members the opportunity to fully consider its implications. We cannot renege on our commit-ment to uphold the JCPOA, a signifi-cant effort to prevent Iran from obtain-ing a nuclear bomb. Violating the agreement would not only undermine U.S. national security, but also our ability to lead on any international ne-gotiations aimed at peace in the fu-ture. So I would urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 4992. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade. Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4992. I appreciate my good friend, Chairman ROYCE , of the Foreign Af-fairs Committee. We also serve on this Financial Services Committee. It was my subcommittee that grant-ed the partial waiver to allow this leg-islation to come directly to the floor; and because I think that this is so im-portant, that is why it is here on the floor today. Under the Obama administration’s flawed nuclear deal, the JCPOA, or Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, Iran has received significant sanctions relief so far. Because of this dangerous deal, the Obama administration left the door wide open for Iran’s Supreme Leader to demand access to the dollar. This is the same country that the State Department dubbed ‘‘the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism.’’ This is the same country that the Treasury Department has labeled ‘‘a jurisdiction of primary money laun-dering concern’’ thanks to its support for terrorism and the use of its banks to facilitate nuclear and ballistic mis-sile initiatives. Last summer, Treasury Secretary Lew testified that ‘‘Iranian banks will not be able to clear U.S. dollars through New York, hold correspondent account relationships with U.S. finan-cial institutions, or enter into financ-ing arrangements with U.S. banks.’’ I agree. They should not. I am thrilled to hear Secretary Lew make that state-ment. He also then made it perfectly clear with another quote. ‘‘Iran, in other words, will continue to be denied ac-cess to the world’s largest financial and commercial market.’’ Yet we just hear that this is a breach of the JCPOA as has just been asserted. If so, then Secretary Lew’s own words would indi-cate a breach before it was even en-acted and before it began. So which is it? They either really don’t want to codify this because they plan on trying to offer this or allow Iran to do it, or, for some other strange reason, they think that these words alone cover it. Well, they don’t because it is not legally binding. In fact, the President, the POTUS, the President of the United States, himself, has said that Iran has violated the spirit of the agreement already. Just last week, we had testimony in my subcommittee, where we were doing a hearing, that Germany, in Ger-many, the German intelligence serv-ices—Angela Merkel talked about this in the Bundestag—that they have indi-cations that Iran has continued to pur-sue nuclear capabilities in Germany itself. So it is a very simple, yet a very im-portant, piece of legislation that would codify the existing Treasury regula-tions that prohibit U.S. depository in-stitutions and registered security bro-kers or dealers from processing funds to or from Iran as well as to prohibit any foreign financial institutions from transferring any funds that are in U.S. dollars. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.028 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4960 July 14, 2016 
b1145 It has been also stated—I would say ludicrously—that somehow this bill and others like it are unpatriotic. I think it is the exact opposite, Mr. Speaker. This bill is necessary to make sure that the financial standing of the U.S. institutions are protected. I think it is important that we assert ourselves to make sure that this administration doesn’t go beyond the bounds that it already has, and it is time to put par-tisan persuasions aside, work together, and stop doing business with our en-emies. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this important bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ), a member of the Ways and Means Com-mittee. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, one year ago, America chose to preclude an Iranian nuclear weapons program through diplomacy rather than war. What has happened in the 12 months since that momentous decision was made? The Iranians have given up 98 percent of their nuclear material. They have dismantled thousands of centrifuges, and they filled the core of a major plu-tonium reactor with concrete. Even the chief of staff of the Israel Defense Forces, the IDF, said: ‘‘The deal has actually removed the most se-rious danger to Israel’s existence for the foreseeable future and greatly re-duced the threat over the longer term.’’ The promoters of these three bills are in a state of denial. They took every opportunity along the torturous path of negotiations to try to block, ob-struct, and interfere with those nego-tiations and leave us with only the choice of war and military action to stop the Iranians from developing a nu-clear weapon. So today, having denied diplomacy for so long, they are still compelled to deny that diplomacy has worked in the last year. What we should be doing today is building on our success, not seeking to subvert it. Success so far doesn’t mean that the Iranians may not backtrack. We know this is an authoritarian gov-ernment that commits many wrongs today. It is certainly not our friend. That is why careful scrutiny and inten-sive inspections must continue. I be-lieve that patient, deliberate diplo-macy remains the only course—the best path—to protect our families. Now, one of the Republican Members this morning attacked the agreement and said that it has got us ‘‘walking on eggshells.’’ I have to tell you that even if that is true—and I deny that it is— walking on eggshells is much, much better for American families than the death and destruction of unleashing ac-tual military shells. That is the alter-native. I believe that continuous, intrusive monitoring is the key to keeping our families safe and avoiding war. We have a lot of people agreeing with that. Nobel laureates, generals, diplomats, and former legislators are advising that, through this agreement, all path-ways to an Iranian nuclear weapon have been blocked—so they said in their letter this week. I remain hopeful. I am hopeful and optimistic that eventually we will overcome the extremists in Iran, hope-ful that peace will prevail, and hopeful about this Congress, if nothing else, will not undo this agreement. Because they have shown such an inability to do any other work as they today shut down the Congress for the next 53 days, leaving so many challenges unan-swered. Let’s conclude today by rejecting this attempt to deny the most effective way to protect the security of our fam-ilies and that of our allies by letting diplomacy continue to advance. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, just to make a point, this is not a breach of the nuclear deal. This has nothing to do with the nuclear deal. We did not agree to give Iran ac-cess to the U.S. dollar. As a matter of fact, the agreement that we all under-stood is that, without ending its sup-port for terrorism and proliferation of missiles, they weren’t going to get that access. There were things we have held in reserve as continued pressure against Iran to get its compliance. The difficulty is that the ayatollah wants this form of additional relief outside of the deal, which essentially declares that Iran is open for business. He wants to be able to do it without ending his proliferation of missiles and these ballistic missile tests. And we are saying: No, no, that was not in the deal. We are not giving you additional—additional—rewards while you are decrying the United States and saying ‘‘death to the Great Satan,’’ ‘‘death to the Little Satan,’’ ‘‘death to America,’’ and ‘‘death to Israel.’’ Why should we further give advan-tage to the build-up of Iranian power when it is going not into the economy but into the hands—the coffers—of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps? That is the problem. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), a member of the Committee on Financial Services and the Task Force to Inves-tigate Terrorism Financing. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman yielding. I appreciate his work on this important issue. He makes a good point, which is that this is not so much about the JCPOA, as noted by the opposition. This is about the fact that our joint agreement that the Obama administration reached with our allies with Iran is in conflict in many ways with existing Federal law and Federal practice where we are still involved in analyzing Iran for its sanction violations. More importantly, while there is a lot of talk about the 1-year anniver-sary of the JCPOA, I want to remind my friends on both sides of the aisle that 7 years ago, in June, 2009, the peo-ple of Iran rose up against the mali-cious mullahs of their murderous re-gime, and their cries for help fell on deaf ears in the United States. Some 4,000 were arrested. What has become of them? What has become of those people? What has be-come of their cause? So I want to remember in June 2009, the impact of this regime in Iran. I am proud to support this legisla-tion. I am proud to serve on the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financ-ing. Look to the State Department’s most recent Country Reports on Iran. The report states: ‘‘Iran’s state sponsorship of terrorism worldwide remained undiminished through the Islamic Rev-olutionary Guards, the Quds Force, its Ministry of Intelligence and Security, and Tehran’s ally, Hezbollah.’’ In addition to its support for ter-rorism, the Iranian regime is corrupt and known to be involved in money laundering, bribery, and illicit finance around the world—not just the Middle East, but in the Western Hemisphere. The Treasury has designated the Gov-ernment of Iran as a primary money laundering concern since 2011. International financial bodies, such as the Financial Action Task Force, have warned Iran’s financing of ter-rorism poses a serious threat to the international financial system. So since the Iranian deal, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard is actively pro-viding funding and arms to Hezbollah and Hamas, propping up Shia militias in Iraq, and responsible for deaths of Americans and our soldiers in Iraq. They continue to hold hostages. They continue to fail Federal adjudicated claims of 35 years of victims, and they continue to trade and test ballistic weapons, threatening our allies and our best interests. This legislation is not about sinking the nuclear deal. This legislation is about holding Iran accountable for its terrorist finance activities and its money laundering activities. There is no reason in any way, shape, or form that they deserve dollar access. This legislation is about maintaining the integrity of our country’s financial system and preventing the dollar from being used to support terrorism around the world. I am pleased to support this legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. H
IMES), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 4992 precisely because the passage of H.R. 4992, were it to become law—and I say this as a member of the House Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence—would put me and this Congress and the rest of us in the United States back in a po-sition of walking on eggshells, if I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.030 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4961 July 14, 2016 
might borrow a phrase used by the Re-publican majority. It would put me back in the position of every single week going to the spaces of the Intel-ligence Committee and asking the question, What kind of progress has Iran made this week in their efforts to deliver nuclear weapons, and then hearing answers that I would not like and nobody in this Chamber would like. There is no question and there is no legal opinion of any credibility that suggests that H.R. 4992 is not a very clear violation of our obligations under the JCPOA. The majority has talked a lot about denying access to the U.S. infrastruc-ture financial system, which the Treas-ury Secretary has said we will do. What they are not telling you is that H.R. 4992 would subject non-U.S. banks to the same restrictions on U.S. banks regarding dollar-denominated trans-actions. So we would say to a French bank: You cannot undertake a transaction with a German hotel developer if it were denominated in dollars. Now, apart from the jurisdictional questions and the damage that would do to the United States dollar as the global reserve currency, it is a very clear violation of the JCPOA. There is no legal interpretation of any credi-bility that would suggest otherwise. Now, let me be clear about some things that we all agree on—and I have a profound amount of respect for Chair-man R
OYCE , and we agree on some things. I have heard a steady stream from the other side of the truth that Iran is money laundering, that they are sponsoring terrorism, that they are destabilizing the region, and that they treat their people terribly. You are 100 percent right on that issue. You will find no disagreement on this side of the aisle with any of those allegations. But the fact of the matter is that the Iran nuclear deal, which is jeopardized by this bill, was a deal that said: In ex-change for stopping your development of nuclear weapons, we will provide you with access to some of your own money. That was the deal. The deal did not include: You will stop destabilizing the region and that you will stop your ter-rorist activity. By the way, I am sorry about that. I would have liked to have seen a deal that would have brought Iran entirely into the community of nations, but that was not the deal. By the way, there was a time in American history when we were a bit more adult in the way we thought about foreign relations where Ronald Reagan would go to the Soviet Union—what he called the evil empire—and do an Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces deal that was about nu-clear weapons while the Soviet Union was murderous to their own people, de-stabilizing the globe, and threatening us with annihilation. But we said it was worth preserving the deal and pre-serving the safety that we had against ballistic weapons under Ronald Reagan. Now, we can’t disagree on some facts. I heard Chairman ROYCE say that tens of billions of dollars are going to the Islamic Revolutionary Guard. That is simply not true. Secretary Kerry esti-mated—and he was referring to actual dollars into the country—that some $3 billion had come into Iran. So, yes, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard, sadly, will benefit in some small way from the sanctions relief. But the figure of tens of billions of dollars is simply in-accurate. We disagree fundamentally on the Iran nuclear deal. The fact of the matter—and I have heard allegations from the other side to the contrary—is that not the IAEA—not any global bodies—are sug-gesting that Iran isn’t anything other than in compliance with the deal. As a consequence, instead of being 2 months away, as we were, from the develop-ment of an Iranian nuclear weapon, we are probably 12 months or more away from the development of a nuclear weapon. Is that perfect? Of course, it is not. It is speaking as somebody who every week considers the threats to this country being 12 months away is a heck of a lot safer than being 2 months away. I have heard from the other side that this is a flawed deal and that it jeop-ardizes U.S. national security and the security of Israel. Let me quote some-body who knows something about the security of Israel, Lieutenant General Gadi Eizenkot, Chief of Staff of Israel Defense Forces. Six months ago he said: ‘‘The deal has actually removed the most serious danger to Israel’s ex-istence for the foreseeable future and greatly reduced the threat over the longer term.’’ If it is true for Israel, it is true for the United States. Stand up for peace, stand up for our international obliga-tions, and oppose H.R. 4992. b1200 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I think the Secretary was awarded several Pinocchios from The Wash-ington Post for that statement on the amount of support that would give the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps. The reason why is because the Ira-nian Revolutionary Guard Corps, in fact, owns many of the largest institu-tions. They were nationalized after the 1979 revolution. Because of this, they are beneficiaries of the economic activ-ity. It is the number one economic actor, according to our Department of Commerce, according to our State De-partment. The IRGC is the number one economic actor. So, in point of fact, yes, this deal is going to demonstrably benefit the Ira-nian Revolutionary Guard Corps at a time when they are in charge of this ballistic missile program, interconti-nental ballistic missile program, which you see them developing and advancing as we speak. I would just add one other point, and that is that there isn’t a lot of debate here in terms of what message they are sending us when they go to the streets and, under the direction of the aya-tollah, members of the IRGC chant ‘‘Death to America.’’ I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ), a member of the Committee on Financial Services and of the Task Force to In-vestigate Terrorism Financing. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. To my friend from Connecticut (Mr. H
IMES), look, I know you to be one of the, actually, smartest people here on these sort of subjects. So I am going to take a slightly different approach and see if what I am actually reading in this legislation is a little different than some of the nature of the con-versation here. The way I am reading this legisla-tion, it functionally says that U.S.- chartered institutions will not act as the clearers, clearinghouses, for FX, for dollar-denominated trade. So, as we walk through those me-chanics—if we all remember when we sat down, both in the isolated area, reading the nuclear agreement, what was in that agreement that said we are obligated to hand over the infrastruc-ture of our U.S. financial system, our banking system, our foreign exchange clearing system, and we have an obli-gation to provide that infrastructure that we have built and hand that to the Islamic Republic of Iran? There is nothing in the agreement that says we have an obligation to provide our fi-nancial infrastructure to help them. Now, we have already heard Chair-man R
OYCE and others walk through all of the bad acts and how this money is often killing people around the world and taking their lives and threatening our allies. That may be the meat of it, but the actual legislation functionally denies the use of clearing U.S. cur-rency, U.S. dollars from U.S.-chartered institutions. My understanding is that, if they wanted to, they could probably go to the Bank of Singapore and clear their dollars there into gold and wash money for other bad actors and send it to mur-derers in Lebanon. But at least those institutions that we hold dear, that we regulate, that we talk about here, that our taxpayers guarantee deposits in, why would we hand Iran our infrastructure to clear their dollars when so many of their re-sources are going for bad acts? I know we keep having this conversa-tion of, ‘‘The nuclear deal is bad, many of us voted against it,’’ others saying, ‘‘Oh, it is a great achievement, we want to support it.’’ Fine. There is nothing in the agreement that says, great, you now get to use the U.S. in-frastructure to finance yourselves, move money around, and actually ulti-mately wash money to do evil in the world. So if we are going to have this con-versation, let’s be intellectually honest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.031 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4962 July 14, 2016 
of what the language in the legislation actually says. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ), the ranking member of the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing on the Financial Services Committee. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 4992, the so- called United States Financial System Protection Act of 2016. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4992 would directly violate our commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. There is no question about that. By re-imposing the secondary sanctions on Iran’s banking sector, we clearly vio-late the terms of that JCPOA. These are not transactions between the U.S. and Iran, but, rather, these are banking transactions that occur out-side the U.S. financial system. These sanctions were lifted on implementa-tion day, according to the agreement, but only after we put International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors in place in Iran, on the ground, to verify Iran’s compliance with the deal. That verification and reporting oc-curs on a monthly basis. The last re-port we have from the IAEA, who are on the ground in Iran, is that they are, indeed, in full compliance with the terms of the JCPOA which addressed their nuclear program. Critics of the JCPOA will tell you that this bill is needed to ensure that Iran does not gain access to the U.S. fi-nancial system. Yet the administration has made clear that we are not going to reinstate the U-turn authorization or grant Iran access to the U.S. finan-cial system. And, during the JCPOA talks, the U.S. stood firm that our sanctions against Iran’s weapons of mass destruction, human rights viola-tions, and support for terrorism were not on the table. They were not part of that agreement. And our primary trade embargo on Iran, with certain limited exceptions, is still in place. Now, critics of the JCPOA will also tell you that the license that has been granted to Boeing to sell civilian pas-senger aircraft to Iran is really a sub-terfuge and that Iran is going to use these commercial jetliners to transport weapons or personnel in a military ca-pacity. They ignore the fact that Iran al-ready has military combat aircraft that they purchased from Russia. So there is no need for Iran to buy Airbus aircraft from the EU or Boeing aircraft from the United States in order to fund their military, their air force. So that is clearly not something that they are trying to do. Like I said, they could buy directly from the Russian Govern-ment, as they have done in the past and they continue to do, combat air-craft. Mr. Speaker, it is ironic that exactly 1 year after the U.S. and the P5+1 an-nounced the landmark JCPOA that Congress is voting to undermine it. The bills on the floor this week are an at-tempt to undermine that by opponents of this deal and have another bite of the apple and try to bring down the agreement. I would like to remind my fellow Members that we have debated this al-ready and the House and Senate failed to pass a joint resolution of dis-approval. That deal is done. And, so far, even according to high-level Israeli officials, Iran remains in compliance with that agreement. We should focus instead on ensuring that this is fully implemented and that our inspectors have a full and fair op-portunity to maintain that Iran is in-deed in compliance. The global community, as a result of this agreement, will be in a better posi-tion to know and to respond sooner and with the benefit of having vast, de-tailed intelligence about Iran’s nuclear facilities. We are there, we are on the ground like never before. Iran has removed over two-thirds of its centrifuges and placed them under international supervision. That is a cut of nearly 14,000. It stopped enriching uranium and removed nuclear material from Fordow, one of its major facili-ties. It has cut its fissile material stockpile by 98 percent, from 12,000 kilograms to less than 300 kilograms of only non-weapons-grade material. The heavy water reactor at Arak has been rendered unusable for nuclear purposes. Finally, the JCPOA has verifiably de-layed any possible path Iran may have to a nuclear weapon. Enacting this bill, H.R. 4992, or any of these anti-Iran-nuclear-deal bills would give Iran’s hardliners the very excuse that they want to rip up the JCPOA, kick out the IAEA inspectors on the agreement, and race toward get-ting a nuclear bomb. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
IGELL ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman. Mr. LYNCH. If we do sabotage this deal, will we be able to count on the backup from the global community to bring Iran back into line? It is a risk I believe is dangerous and, in this case, unnecessary. I urge my fellow Members to defeat H.R. 4992. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OYCE for bringing this im-portant legislation. The American public stands with you, Chairman, and there are multiple reasons why the American public will stand with all of this Congress that will vote for this bill. For one, the American public has an issue with financing Iranian terror through U.S. financial infrastructure. The American public has had an enor-mous issue with a lot of specifics re-lated to the Iran nuclear agreement. It is not really much of an agreement. It is an unsigned political commitment. There are material differences with regard to the agreement. The U.S. said, We are going to be able to access mili-tary sites. The Iranians said, Before, during, and after the negotiation, you will never be able to access our mili-tary sites. We said, Sanctions relief will be phased in over the course of time based on compliance. The Ira-nians say, No, sanctions relief will be immediate, no suspension. These are pretty important parts of the agree-ment. Well, let’s talk about some other parts that weren’t part of the agree-ment, they weren’t able to agree to. So they put into a secretive deal between the Iranians and an entity that we have no ability to actually be on an in-spections team because, as the AP re-ports, the IAEA’s agreement with the U.S.—these so-called deals where the verification is outlined. The Iranians, in some cases, are inspecting their own nuclear sites. In other cases, they are responsible for collecting some of their own soil samples. That is why the American public stands with everyone who votes for this legislation, because of all the uni-lateral concessions that have been made since this agreement has been made. This isn’t the only one. Buying heavy water for no reason. While this President is holding the heavy water of the Iranians, those who vote for this bill, who have opposed the Iran nuclear agreement, they are hold-ing the heavy water of American secu-rity for their $1.7 billion payment that was made after this deal was reached: a $400 million debt, plus $1.3 billion of in-terest. Or our detained soldiers, who were embarrassed through photography and videography. And we are saying thank you for releasing our sailors? The American public was outraged. Using our sailors as propaganda to make yourself look strong and the rest of us look weak. Or maybe it is giving the Iranians ac-cess to U.S. financial institutions. We are being laughed at. The Ira-nians will take to the street and they will chant ‘‘Death to America,’’ they will continue their illegal test firing of intercontinental ballistic missiles, and they will detain Americans unjustly. They know that we didn’t even ask for a signature. Think about it. Of all the agreements we enter into in life— buying a car or buying a home—we couldn’t even ask for a signature. The American public is upset. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. H
IMES). Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, to my friend from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), perhaps we didn’t get a signature, but we got compliance from Iran on their obligations to stop their production of nuclear weapons. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.033 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4963 July 14, 2016 
b1215 I want to take the rest of my time to hopefully clear up a factual matter. I have profound respect for Chairman R
OYCE , and Congressman S CHWEIKERT  is one of my closest friends in this Chamber. We seem to have a disagree-ment as to whether this would jeop-ardize the JCPOA. This bill would sub-ject non-U.S. banks to the same re-strictions that are put on U.S. banks regarding dollar-denominated securi-ties. I would point to, in the JCPOA, annex II, which lists the sanctions to be lifted under the JCPOA, 4.1.3, which lifts sanctions on the provision of U.S. bank notes. This would clearly violate our obliga-tions under the JCPOA, and I would hope that my friends in the majority would acknowledge that fact as they push this bill. I continue to urge its re-jection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ), a member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4992, the United States Financial System Protection Act; and I thank Chairman R
OYCE for offering the legislation today and for his tremendous leadership on this issue. Allowing Iran access to the U.S. dol-lar would mark an unprecedented con-cession to the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. Iran has taken virtually no tangible actions to suggest that it is serious about dismantling its nuclear program or ending its decades- long ties to terrorism. Why should Iran be rewarded with coveted access to our currency? Last week, I offered an amendment to the Financial Services Appropria-tions Act that would make sure that the U.S. Treasury officials who might be attempting to act on this matter would not be permitted to do so—to change statutory law. This would go not only to this administration, but to future administrations as well. My amendment passed by a voice vote, and today’s legislation and the previous bills go further in adding new sanctions to stop the administration’s purchase of heavy water from Iran and to pre-vent any additional steps to appease Iran. This goes to the heart of the agree-ment, which was voted down in this House. It was never voted on in the other House because of cloture. Let us make sure that Iran is held account-able. Iran has done nothing to earn our trust. Let’s not give away critical lan-guage in this regard. I urge a strong ‘‘yes’’ vote on Chairman R
OYCE ’s legis-lation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. You have heard very clearly from this side of the aisle as to why it is so important for us to be true to our com-mitments that were made under the agreement. You have heard very clear-ly what this bill is all about. Part of that agreement which is being denied by the opposite side of the aisle has to do with non-U.S. financial institutions. We maintain our sanc-tions as they relate to the United States financial institutions. Our insti-tutions are not in any way violating those sanctions, and we do not allow our financial institutions to do busi-ness with Iran; but we do support non- U.S. financial institutions’ ability to do business with Iran. What is this bill all about? We keep hearing about rumors. We keep hearing about suspicions. We keep hearing about what we think they may do. We keep hearing about what some-one else said they are going to do. The fact of the matter is this agreement is extremely clear. They—that is the Ira-nians—have not violated this agree-ment at all. As a matter of fact, there is something in the agreement called dispute resolution. If you believe that they have violated the agreement in some way, why don’t you insist on a dispute resolution to deal with the issue? But you cannot do that. You cannot point to anything that the Ira-nians have done that is in disagree-ment with the agreement that has been made. Why are you coming to the floor of the House of Representatives 1 day be-fore we are to take a break and putting this bill and other bills on the floor? Is this politically motivated? What are you trying to do? Who are you trying to send a message to? Instead of using your power and your ability to deal with this agreement in an honest and credible way, what you should be doing is supporting the Presi-dent of the United States of America and respecting this country and our commitments. We have five other countries in this deal. What happens if we renege on our agreements? What are they to think of us? What do you think about your country? Why would you have the President of the United States on the international stage looking as if the rug has been pulled out from under him by his own legislators? I don’t get it. I do not understand it. As a matter of fact, one of the things we should all be very clear about is our support for Israel. That side of the aisle does not support our relationship and our friendship any more than we do. If that is the message you are try-ing to send, it doesn’t work. It doesn’t hold water. As a matter of fact, any Member of Congress who looks at this agreement, who reads the agreement, who understands the agreement knows that you don’t have any issues with what is happening in our financial sys-tem. You have not been able, in this debate, to talk about the fact that U.S. financial systems are not involved in any way. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman will direct her remarks to the Chair. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I will address these re-marks to you so they can hear them, and that is that they have not been able to identify in this debate how the United States financial institutions are involved in any shape, form, or fashion in doing business with Iran. They have not been able, in the debate, to indi-cate that, somehow, we have not agreed that non-U.S. financial institu-tions can be involved in financial deals with Iran. I am simply asking that they deal with the facts. I am simply asking them not to undermine the agreement that we have made. I am simply asking them to admit that Iran has in no way violated this agreement. I am asking them to simply support this country and this President and to make sure that we don’t separate ourselves from the other five countries that we have a deal with. I am asking them not to put us in the position in which the other five countries say: ‘‘We cannot trust America. We cannot trust America be-cause they are reneging on the deal.’’ We have done a tremendous service not only to Israel but to the United States in working out this deal to en-sure that Iran does not continue to de-velop its nuclear capability. Why did we do that? It is because we are on the path toward peace and not war. We do not want Iran to attack Israel, and we do not want Israel to attack Iran. We do not want the United States to be thrown into this war—a war that could be created by either of them—because we believe that we can provide credible leadership for peace. That is what this is all about. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, I would just like to say that we are all in agreement that Iran should not be a nuclear state, which would pose a direct threat to both the United States and international secu-rity. The Iran nuclear deal is the best op-tion we have for keeping nuclear weap-ons out of the Iranian Government’s hands. It would be reckless to abandon our commitments under the deal which deny Iran a credible opportunity to produce weapons-grade nuclear mate-rial for use in a bomb for at least a generation. To date, Iran, again, has upheld its end of the deal, and we have a responsibility to do the same. The President’s Statement of Admin-istration Policy on H.R. 4992 and the other harmful Iran-related bills on the floor this week state that undermining the JCPOA would ‘‘remove the unprec-edented constraints on and monitoring of Iran’s nuclear program, lead to the unraveling of the international sanc-tions regime against Iran, and deal a devastating blow to the credibility of America’s leadership and our commit-ments to our closest allies.’’ H.R. 4992 is being framed as pro-tecting the U.S. financial system; yet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.035 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4964 July 14, 2016 
our financial system is already pro-tected by our primary sanctions on Iran. In other words, this bill does nothing to protect the U.S. financial system or to promote our national se-curity. In fact, it does the opposite. We have said all of this, which I have just reiterated, but let me make my final and closing statement. Why are you wasting your time? Even if, by some stroke of magic, you could get this through the Senate and send it to the President of the United States, he is going to veto it. They know it. Everyone knows it. Why are we doing this? I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Part of the problem here is that money laundering in Iran has been proven to be tied to their efforts to support international terrorism. The unfortunate case here is what we are debating. Remember, we were origi-nally assured, yes, we can push back on issues like their ballistic missile pro-gram, that we can push back on their support for terrorism or on their abject destruction of the human rights of the people inside Iran. We can put pressure on those fronts. We have somehow reached the point at which, despite the testimony of the administration that we were going to be pushing back, the administration feels that any steps we take to assert a position on these fronts is injurious to the relationship with Iran or, in some way, undermines the JCPOA. In terms of Iran, the entire country is des-ignated by our Treasury Department as a jurisdiction of primary money laun-dering concern, and not just by our country and not just by our Treasury, but by the international system that looks at these financial systems. They have determined the same with respect to Iran. Secretary of State Kerry and his col-leagues in the administration are in the midst of a campaign to reassure foreign firms that Iran is open for busi-ness. All right. We can trade with Iran, but it is an additional step beyond that to say that Iran is going to have the right to access U.S. dollars. Other ad-ministration officials, by the way, go so far as to say that Iranian economic growth is in our national security in-terest. I don’t think it is in our national se-curity interest. Frankly, if people are going to trade with Iran, they can do it without the use of U.S. dollars. It is a tough case to make in terms of this, in some way, being in our na-tional interest when you consider that Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps has been labeled—what?—by the U.S. Treasury Department as being the ‘‘most powerful economic actor’’ in the country, the IRGC. That is the same entity that is developing these ballistic missiles and that is supporting terror throughout the region. It is a terrorist IRGC by our own labeling here in the United States. That should be enough to put the brakes on the administration’s plans to get Iran out from under restrictions that prohibit trade with Iran in dol-lars. You can trade, but you can’t trade in dollars, okay? b1230 The pervasive influence of the Is-lamic Revolutionary Guard Corps throughout Iran’s economy means that extreme due diligence will be necessary to ensure that foreign companies and foreign banks are not complicit in Iran’s terror finance or the range of other illicit financial activities in which Iranian entities regularly en-gage. That is why this legislation pro-tects the integrity of the U.S. dollar from Iranian illicit finance by codi-fying existing restrictions, clarifying restrictions on foreign financial insti-tutions involved in dollarization, and, again, links determination of these measures to the end of Iranian support of terrorists. Easy enough for Iran to solve the problem; just quit supporting terrorism. I urge all Members to support this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 819, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, proceedings will resume on questions previously post-poned. Votes will be taken in the fol-lowing order: The motion to concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to S. 764; and passage of H.R. 5631. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The re-maining electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on adopting the motion to concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the bill (S. 764) to reau-thorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to concur. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 306, nays 117, not voting 10, as follows: [Roll No. 466] YEAS—306 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawrence Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Payne Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.036 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4965 July 14, 2016 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NAYS—117 
Amash Bass Becerra Beyer Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Burgess Capps Capuano Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Coffman Cohen Conyers Courtney Culberson Cummings DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Duncan (TN) Eshoo Esty Farr Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Gabbard Gibson Goodlatte Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Israel Jones Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Messer Mooney (WV) Moore Nadler Neal Neugebauer Pallone Palmer Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Roybal-Allard Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Tipton Titus Tonko Van Hollen Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wittman Yarmuth Yoder Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Bishop (UT) Black Crowley Ellison Hastings Marino Pearce Poe (TX) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Takai 
b1256 Mr. BRAT, Mses. BONAMICI, SCHA-KOWSKY, Messrs. NEAL, BRIDENSTINE, Mses. MENG and MAXINE WATERS of California changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Messrs. JOHNSON of Ohio, YOUNG of Alaska, DOGGETT, Ms. EDWARDS, Messrs. CONNOLLY, HOYER, and PAYNE changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 466, on agreeing to the Senate amendment to the House amendment to S. 764, I am not re-corded because I was representing constitu-ents on business outside of Washington, D.C. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Stated against: Ms. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 466, On Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment with an Amendment to S. 764, GMO Labeling Re-quirements, I was unavoidably detained and missed the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ f 
IRAN ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 5631) to hold Iran ac-countable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activi-ties and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 246, nays 179, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 467] YEAS—246 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—179 
Adams Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.012 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4966 July 14, 2016 
NOT VOTING—8 
Black Crowley Ellison Hastings Marino Pearce Poe (TX) Takai 
b1303 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 820 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5538. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) kindly resume the chair. b1305 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5538) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose on Thursday, July 14, 2016, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 122 printed in House Report 114–683, offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) had been postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–683 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 98 by Mr. B
EYER of Virginia. Amendment No. 99 by Mrs. C
APPS of California. Amendment No. 100 by Mr. G
RIJALVA  of Arizona. Amendment No. 102 by Mr. L
OWENTHAL of California. Amendment No. 103 by Mr. P
OCAN of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 104 by Mr. P
OLIS of Colorado. Amendment No. 106 by Ms. T
SONGAS  of Massachusetts. Amendment No. 114 by Mr. N
ORCROSS  of New Jersey. Amendment No. 122 by Mr. G
ALLEGO  of Arizona. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 98 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 178, noes 246, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 468] AYES—178 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—246 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—9 
Crowley Ellison Hastings Marino Messer Pearce Poe (TX) Price, Tom Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1310 Mr. GIBBS changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Chair, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 466, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 467, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 468. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.013 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4967 July 14, 2016 
AMENDMENT NO . 99 OFFERED BY MRS . CAPPS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 172, noes 254, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 469] AYES—172 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—254 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—7 
Ellison Frankel (FL) Hastings Marino Pearce Poe (TX) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1313 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 100 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-JALVA ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 194, noes 233, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 470] AYES—194 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.049 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4968 July 14, 2016 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Ellison Hastings Marino Pearce Poe (TX) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1317 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 102 OFFERED BY MR . 
LOWENTHAL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 192, noes 233, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 471] AYES—192 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—8 
Bilirakis Brady (TX) Ellison Hastings Marino Pearce Poe (TX) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1320 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 103 OFFERED BY MR . POCAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.017 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4969 July 14, 2016 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 191, noes 236, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 472] AYES—191 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—6 
Ellison Hastings Marino Pearce Poe (TX) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1323 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. HANNA. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 472, I mistakenly voted against the Pocan of Wis-consin Amendment No. 103 to H.R. 5538, the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 104 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 188, noes 239, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 473] AYES—188 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zinke 
NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.055 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4970 July 14, 2016 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—6 
Ellison Hastings Marino Pearce Poe (TX) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1327 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 106 OFFERED BY MS . TSONGAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 184, noes 241, not voting 8, as follows: [Roll No. 474] AYES—184 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—8 
DeFazio Ellison Hastings Marino Pearce Poe (TX) Takai Veasey 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining on this vote. b1330 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 114 OFFERED BY MR . NORCROSS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
OR-
CROSS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.026 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4971 July 14, 2016 
The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 195, noes 232, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 475] AYES—195 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zinke 
NOES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin NOT VOTING—6 
Ellison Hastings Marino Pearce Poe (TX) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1335 Messrs. CONNOLLY, POLIQUIN, and ENGEL changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 122 OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 213, noes 214, not voting 6, as follows: [Roll No. 476] AYES—213 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder 
NOES—214 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.061 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4972 July 14, 2016 
Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—6 
Ellison Hastings Marino Pearce Poe (TX) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1341 Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California, Messrs. GOSAR, VALADAO, RICE of South Carolina, and ROHRABACHER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. RYAN of Ohio changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the last three lines of the bill. The Clerk read as follows: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (R
ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois) having assumed the chair, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, re-ported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5538) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 820, he reported the bill back to the House with sundry amend-ments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. Under clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas and nays are ordered. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5-minute vote on passage of H.R. 5538 will be followed by a 5-minute vote on passage of H.R. 4992. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 231, noes 196, not voting 6, as follows: [Roll No. 477] YEAS—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—196 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.030 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4973 July 14, 2016 
NOT VOTING—6 
Ellison Hastings Marino Pearce Poe (TX) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1350 Mr. VARGAS changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 477, on passage of H.R. 5538, I am not re-corded because I was representing constitutents on business outside of Wash-ington, D.C. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
UNITED STATES FINANCIAL SYSTEM PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 4992) to codify regula-tions relating to transfers of funds in-volving Iran, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 246, nays 181, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 478] YEAS—246 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—181 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—6 
Ellison Hastings Marino Pearce Poe (TX) Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1357 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York changed her vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS SOUND RECORDING AND FILM PRESER-VATION PROGRAMS REAUTHOR-IZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 2893) to reauthorize the sound re-cording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other purposes, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2893 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Library of Congress Sound Recording and Film Preser-vation Programs Reauthorization Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. SOUND RECORDING PRESERVATION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) N ATIONAL RECORDING PRESERVATION  B
OARD .—Section 133 of the National Record-ing Preservation Act of 2000 (2 U.S.C. 1743) is amended by striking ‘‘through fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2026’’. (b) N
ATIONAL RECORDING PRESERVATION  F
OUNDATION .— (1) R
EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 152411(a) of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘through fiscal year 2016 an amount not to exceed’’ and inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2026 an amount not to exceed the lesser of $1,000,000 or’’. (2) N
UMBER OF MEMBERS OF BOARD OF DIREC -
TORS .—Section 152403(b)(2) of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘nine directors’’ and inserting ‘‘12 directors’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘six directors’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘8 directors’’. 
SEC. 3. FILM PRESERVATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) N ATIONAL FILMPRESERVATION BOARD .— Section 112 of the National Film Preserva-tion Act of 1996 (2 U.S.C. 179v) is amended by striking ‘‘through fiscal year 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘through fiscal year 2026’’. (b) N
ATIONAL FILMPRESERVATION FOUNDA -
TION.—Section 151711(a)(1)(C) of title 36, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.027 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4974 July 14, 2016 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2026’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING NATIONAL LIBRARY SERVICE FOR THE BLIND AND PHYSICALLY HANDICAPPED TO PROVIDE PLAYBACK EQUIPMENT IN ALL FORMATS Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 3207) to authorize the National Li-brary Service for the Blind and Phys-ically Handicapped to provide playback equipment in all formats, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3207 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. AUTHORIZING THE NATIONAL LI-BRARY SERVICE FOR THE BLIND AND PHYSICALLY HANDICAPPED TO PROVIDE PLAYBACK EQUIPMENT IN ALL FORMATS. 
The first sentence of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to provide books for the adult blind’’, ap-proved March 3, 1931 (2 U.S.C. 135a), is amended by striking ‘‘and for purchase, maintenance, and replacement of repro-ducers for such sound-reproduction record-ings’’ and inserting ‘‘and for purchase, main-tenance, and replacement of reproducers for any such forms’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, JULY 14, 2016, TO MONDAY, JULY 18, 2016 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it ad-journ to meet at 2:30 p.m. on Monday, July 18, 2016. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 4019 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to have my name removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 4019. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Texas? There was no objection. b1400 DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS DENTAL INSURANCE RE-AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2016 Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 3055) a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide a dental insurance plan to veterans and survivors and dependents of veterans, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 3055 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Dental Insurance Reau-thorization Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. DENTAL INSURANCE PLAN FOR VET-ERANS AND SURVIVORS AND DE-PENDENTS OF VETERANS. 
(a) D ENTAL INSURANCE PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1712B the following new section: ‘‘§ 1712C. Dental insurance plan for veterans and survivors and dependents of veterans ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish and administer a dental insurance plan for veterans and survivors and depend-ents of veterans described in subsection (b). ‘‘(b) C
OVERED VETERANS AND SURVIVORS  
AND DEPENDENTS .—The veterans and sur-vivors and dependents of veterans described in this subsection are as follows: ‘‘(1) Any veteran who is enrolled in the sys-tem of annual patient enrollment under sec-tion 1705 of this title. ‘‘(2) Any survivor or dependent of a veteran who is eligible for medical care under section 1781 of this title. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary shall contract with a dental insurer to administer the dental insurance plan under this section. ‘‘(d) B
ENEFITS .—The dental insurance plan under this section shall provide such benefits for dental care and treatment as the Sec-retary considers appropriate for the dental insurance plan, including diagnostic serv-ices, preventative services, endodontics and other restorative services, surgical services, and emergency services. ‘‘(e) E
NROLLMENT .—(1) Enrollment in the dental insurance plan under this section shall be voluntary. ‘‘(2) Enrollment in the dental insurance plan shall be for such minimum period as the Secretary shall prescribe for purposes of this section. ‘‘(f) P
REMIUMS .—(1) Premiums for coverage under the dental insurance plan under this section shall be in such amount or amounts as the Secretary shall prescribe to cover all costs associated with carrying out this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall adjust the pre-miums payable under this section for cov-erage under the dental insurance plan on an annual basis. Each individual covered by the dental insurance plan at the time of such an adjustment shall be notified of the amount and effective date of such adjustment. ‘‘(3) Each individual covered by the dental insurance plan shall pay the entire premium for coverage under the dental insurance plan, in addition to the full cost of any copay-ments. ‘‘(g) VOLUNTARY DISENROLLMENT .—(1) With respect to enrollment in the dental insur-ance plan under this section, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) permit the voluntary disenrollment of an individual in the dental insurance plan if the disenrollment occurs during the 30-day period beginning on the date of the enroll-ment of the individual in the dental insur-ance plan; and ‘‘(B) permit the voluntary disenrollment of an individual in the dental insurance plan for such circumstances as the Secretary shall prescribe for purposes of this sub-section, but only to the extent such disenrollment does not jeopardize the fiscal integrity of the dental insurance plan. ‘‘(2) The circumstances prescribed under paragraph (1)(B) shall include the following: ‘‘(A) If an individual enrolled in the dental insurance plan relocates to a location out-side the jurisdiction of the dental insurance plan that prevents use of the benefits under the dental insurance plan. ‘‘(B) If an individual enrolled in the dental insurance plan is prevented by a serious medical condition from being able to obtain benefits under the dental insurance plan. ‘‘(C) Such other circumstances as the Sec-retary shall prescribe for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall establish proce-dures for determinations on the permissi-bility of voluntary disenrollments under paragraph (1)(B). Such procedures shall en-sure timely determinations on the permissi-bility of such disenrollments. ‘‘(h) R
ELATIONSHIP TO DENTAL CARE PRO-
VIDED BY SECRETARY .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall affect the responsibility of the Secretary to provide dental care under sec-tion 1712 of this title, and the participation of an individual in the dental insurance plan under this section shall not affect the enti-tlement of the individual to outpatient den-tal services and treatment, and related den-tal appliances, under such section 1712. ‘‘(i) R
EGULATIONS .—The dental insurance plan under this section shall be administered under such regulations as the Secretary shall prescribe. ‘‘(j) T
ERMINATION .—This section terminates on December 31, 2021.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 17 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1712B the following new item: ‘‘1712C. Dental insurance plan for veterans and survivors and dependents of veterans.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 510 of the Care-givers and Veterans Omnibus Health Serv-ices Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 38 U.S.C. 1712 note) is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 is amended by striking the item relating to section 510. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
115TH ANNIVERSARY OF AMER-ICA’S FIRST COMMUNITY COL-LEGE (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.034 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4975 July 14, 2016 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Nation’s very first public community college, Joliet Junior Col-lege, on its 115th anniversary. Two Illinois community leaders, J. Stanley Brown and William Rainey Harper, founded the college in 1901 to provide high school graduates the fruits of higher education without forc-ing them to leave their communities. Over the next 20 years, JJC grew from 6 enrolled students to almost 100, and it later evolved its curriculum to in-clude business, technological, and in-dustrial education. With the end of the wars, JJC and other 2-year institutions served vital educational roles for veterans who were returning to their communities. Joliet Junior College inspired an en-tirely new model for higher education, one that suited the needs of both the Nation and its citizens, one that al-lowed both flexibility and quality, and one that continues to be urgently rel-evant today. Brown and Harper’s vision of commu-nity-organized, community-focused education has since become a touch-stone for millions of young American students. This year, the 14th District of Illinois honors Joliet Junior College for its pivotal role in the advancement of higher education in America. 
f 
DOING THE WORK OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, normally, I would be having a colloquy with the majority leader about the schedule for the week to come, but there is no schedule for the week to come, and there is no schedule for 6 weeks there-after. We were scheduled to meet to-morrow to do the business of the Amer-ican people. We will not meet that schedule, and we will not meet the schedule of doing the business of Amer-ica for those who are concerned about the epidemic of gun violence in Amer-ica, not even the small but meaningful and important steps of making sure that, if you can’t fly, you can’t buy a gun, to make sure that the background checks are universal and comprehen-sive so that dangerous people do not get guns. We will not do the business of those who are confronting being bitten by a mosquito and having the risk of having a child who is deeply disabled, nor will we do the business of those thousands of children in Flint, Michigan, and of the people in Flint, Michigan, who still, 2 years later, do not have clean water to drink. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues and I sit here, ready to do the business of our country. We sit here, ready to address those critical public health issues that confront our country—of gun violence, of Zika, of Flint, and of water that is not drinkable and that will damage our children. Mr. Speaker, the American people will see that there is a party here that is willing to work and protect them every day; so my colleagues will, one after another, express their own views as to what this House ought to be doing. We ought not to have taken a walk on the American people. We ought to be sitting here, doing the work of the American people. Yes, we will go to a convention, and we will tell them that we are going to protect them, that we are going to make their lives better. We can do so right here, right now. f 
COBRA ZONES (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, in 2012, con-stituents of mine, the Welberrys, pur-chased a home in Cedar Key, Florida. Two years later, their Federal flood in-surance was canceled retroactively due to a determination that the property was partially located within a COBRA zone. For over 12 years, this property was zoned outside of the adjacent COBRA zone, and, for 12 years, it was covered by the Federal flood insurance. Yet, as the U.S. Fish and Wildlife up-dates its maps, the Welberrys’ entire retirement investment is threatened due to the government’s inconsistency. The Welberrys’ home did not move— just the map of the U.S. Fish and Wild-life. Mrs. Welberry pleaded: The govern-ment cannot be allowed to erase our life savings like this. If you want to talk about covering preexisting conditions, how many con-stituents are going through this night-mare? Congress needs to know. Chairman C
ALVERT and the Appropriations Com-mittee agree; and our amendment, which requires the U.S. Fish and Wild-life to conduct a study on how COBRA zones affect private property, was ac-cepted last night. Congress needs to know. 
f 
A VOTE ON NO FLY, NO BUY (Mr. THOMPSON of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, Republican leaders are recessing the House for 7 weeks with-out their taking a single vote on legis-lation to help stop the mass gun vio-lence that has become far too common in our country. More than 30 people are killed every day by someone who uses a gun. Do the math. That means, by the time the House comes back from the summer re-cess, in 52 days, over 1,560 Americans may have been killed by someone who was using a gun. We can’t wait for more innocent lives to be cut short by someone using a gun. We need to vote on bipartisan, pro-Sec-ond Amendment no fly, no buy and comprehensive background check legis-lation to help keep guns away from those who shouldn’t have them—ter-rorists, criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill. Mr. Speaker, it is wrong; it is irre-sponsible; it is dangerous to send us home without giving us a vote on this important bipartisan legislation. Give us a vote. Let us do the work that the American people sent us here to do. f 
HONORING MRS. JACK KOESTER (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge over 40 years of excep-tional pro-life and pro-family efforts by Mrs. Jack Koester of Teutopolis, Illi-nois. In June of 1973, a group of concerned residents came together to found the Effingham County Right. Mrs. Koester has served as the secretary of that group ever since. As secretary, she has issued a month-ly newsletter, has helped the organiza-tion grow through its breakfast and rummage sale, has hosted an annual day of prayer, has organized the Life Chain, has manned the pro-life booth, and has publicized the monthly prayer vigil. Mrs. Koester also cofounded the Family Life Center in Effingham 20 years ago. After suffering a stroke last fall, she is still recovering and has shifted her focus to encouraging other citizens of the Effingham area to volunteer so as to carry on her pro-life efforts. Mrs. Koester is a mother of 3, a grandmother of 10, and a great-grand-mother of 2. One of her granddaughters is currently an intern in my office. I want to personally thank Mrs. Koester for her lasting dedication to the pro-life movement, and I wish her the best in her ongoing recovery. 
f 
REPUBLICANS ABANDON AMERICANS (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, today, the Republicans are leaving Washington for almost 2 months—the longest con-gressional summer recess in nearly 60 years—and are abandoning Americans, who are counting on us to do what we have to do to protect them. There are serious public health crises in this country, and, right now, the GOP-led Congress continues to fail to do anything at all to protect the basic functions of government—to protect human life, to protect Americans. Families in my own hometown of Flint, Michigan, today, can’t drink their water. They don’t have access to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.074 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4976 July 14, 2016 
clean drinking water. Rather than bringing up my bill, the Families of Flint Act, which would provide relief to those folks back home, who should be able to depend on their Federal Gov-ernment when they are at their mo-ment of greatest need, the Republican- led Congress is not only recessing but is recessing a day early—a day in which we could have taken up legisla-tion to help the people of Flint. We could have taken up legislation to deal with the Zika virus. We could have taken up legislation for commonsense gun safety policy. This is what the Congress is charged with doing. This is our job. We should be here on the floor of the House doing it. I am pleased to be here with my col-leagues, who are ready to go to work in order to deal with these big problems that our country faces. 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF AMERICAN FOREST FOUNDATION (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the House Agriculture Subcommittee on Con-servation and Forestry, I was proud to join with a bipartisan group of my House colleagues yesterday in intro-ducing H. Con. Res. 144, recognizing the 75th anniversary of the American Tree Farm System. The American Tree Farm System is operated by the American Forest Foun-dation. It is the largest and oldest sus-tainable forestry program for forest owners. The program was created in 1941 in order to engage and support landowners to ensure the health and safety of the forests, especially in fac-ing wildfires in the Western States. This resolution commends the work of tree farmers and volunteers across the Nation who have participated in the program over the past 75 years, es-pecially their investments in time, manpower, and personal funds to fur-ther sustainable forestry practices. Mr. Speaker, family forest owners own the largest share of forests in the United States. These forests provide for Americans well beyond their prop-erties, as they help to maintain clean water, clean air, wood supply, wildlife habitat, jobs, and recreational opportu-nities. Programs such as the American Tree Farm System help these forest owners continue to steward our lands and protect those benefits. 
f 
ZIKA-RELATED MICROCEPHALY CASE IN HARRIS COUNTY (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Zika is here, and Congress is not doing its job. Yesterday, health officials in Hous-ton, Harris County, Texas, diagnosed an infant with microcephaly, which is a birth defect that causes a severe underdevelopment of the brain and a long list of health problems. This is the first documented case of Zika-related microcephaly in Texas. Unfortunately, it is one of the many tragedies that will continue if we fail to act. Zika poses a grave and unprecedented threat to our public health. It is time Congress fulfills its constitutional and moral duty to protect the health and welfare of our people. It is an appalling disservice to the American people that we are not yet providing resources to combat this virus. Congress’ reluctance to provide fund-ing is attributed to a distorted sense of fiscal responsibility. The fact of the matter is that their reluctance is put-ting the health and lives of the Amer-ican people at risk, and inaction now will only be more costly in the long run. We are delaying medical research for a cure for Zika. We are delaying funding for our communities to fight Zika. We need to work with a sense of responsibility for the health and wel-fare of our Nation and approve the funds that are necessary to prevent Zika from spreading in our country. f 
HONORING UTAH’S OLYMPIANS (Mr. STEWART asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor all Olympians but, especially, the Olympians who are heading to Rio from my home State of Utah. My family and I hardly ever watch TV. We have lost the remote control for months at a time and no one has really cared, but, every 4 years, we do look forward to watching the Olympic Games on television. Part of the reason it is fun for us is that we realize the enormous commitment, strength, and courage it takes to become an Olympic athlete, and we realize the endless hours of training and sacrifice that will, hopefully, lead to their success. I am extremely proud of the Utahns who have earned their spot on Team USA: Devery Karz for rowing, Jared Ward for track and field, and Jake Gibb for volleyball. Others will be added to the Olympic team in the next few weeks. We should all look to these Olym-pians as examples of hard work and dedication. They may not be guaran-teed medals in Rio, but to all of us Americans, to Utahns, and others, we view them as champions. I wish them all good luck, and I wish them success and safety. My family and I will find the remote control, and we will be cheering for them this summer. 
f 
b1415 UNFINISHED BUSINESS (Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, it is sad that people are leaving this Chamber with much unfinished busi-ness, such as action on Zika, threats to drinking water, and the most impor-tant for me is the failure to take any action to stem the epidemic of gun vio-lence that takes three to four Ameri-cans’ lives every hour. Whether it is from domestic violence, mass shootings like in Orlando or Dal-las, suicide, there are multiple causes, but there are things we can do to make a difference. There ought to be no more anony-mous gun purchases. We need universal background checks. People who are too dangerous to buy a plane ticket should not be able to buy an assault weapon. And the outrageous prohibition that Congress has on doing research from the CDC on gun violence ought to be abolished. These provisions are overwhelmingly supported by the American public and, indeed, gun owners themselves. There is no excuse for us leaving early today, for us to be gone tomorrow, for us to be gone for the next 7 weeks. Maybe the people who are getting out of town should just be gone from the next Congress. f 
A BETTER WAY (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend my colleagues in the House for passing the Zika bill and sending it to the Senate, and I hope that the Senate Democrats will at sometime put that bill on the Presi-dent’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I also rise today as an advocate for ‘‘A Better Way.’’ This blueprint put forth by Speaker R
YAN and my colleagues in the House Repub-lican Conference is our vision for a more confident America. We have a framework that is a better way to free millions from poverty, a better way to make America strong and safe, a better way to create an en-vironment for Americans of all walks to experience true economic growth and opportunity, a better way to gov-ern by returning to the rule of law out-lined in our Constitution, a better way to lead healthy and productive lives by replacing a failing ObamaCare with a healthcare system that works for the American people, and a better way to pay for essential government services by creating a simpler, fairer Tax Code. As we dream of an America with a fu-ture that outshines our blessed past, I urge my colleagues to embrace this vi-sion, work to see its proposals imple-mented, and leave to our posterity evi-dence of our good stewardship of this most portentous responsibility. 
f 
INACTION (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia asked and was given permission 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.075 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4977 July 14, 2016 
to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Mr. Speaker, 7 weeks—52 days. I rise today to express my disappoint-ment with our Republican colleagues for shutting down the Congress for the summer. After the tragedies in Orlando and Dallas, are you telling me that we can’t get together, that we cannot find a compromise on gun violence and gun control? The American people believe we can. They want it done. Mr. Speaker, is there no action with respect to Flint, Michigan? So much of our infrastructure needs to be redone in so many cities. This is just the be-ginning of what we will see. We have to address these national crises because working families all over the country will go to work to-morrow, and they will go to work on Saturday, and they will go to work on Sunday, and they will go to work for the next 7 weeks. They expect us to find solutions. Mr. Speaker, let’s get to work. 
f 
CONDOLENCES TO THE TURKISH PEOPLE (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to express my condolences to the peo-ple of Turkey following the horrific suicide attack at Ataturk Inter-national Airport on June 28. At least 44 innocent people were killed and more than 200 were wounded in the attack, including an American citizen. Turkish police and first responders reacted swiftly and heroically and ought to be commended for their ac-tions that prevented further loss of life. Evidence has led officials to believe that the attack was carried out by ISIS militants, and the loss of innocent lives in Istanbul strengthens our shared resolve to defeat this terrorist organization and its affiliates. I extend my sincere condolences to the Turkish people and to the vibrant Turkish American community as well as the families of those killed and those who suffered injury in the at-tack. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, Tues-day night, I joined my fellow Rhode Is-lander, Representative C
ICILLINE , at a vigil for the Pulse nightclub victims. On that night, we marked the 1-month anniversary of that tragic shooting with candles and with speeches. But what we did not do, Mr. Speaker, is mark it with action. For that, I am profoundly sorry. I am sorry that, despite our efforts, fear continues to rule this body. Re-publican leaders’ fear of the gun lobby is so powerful that they won’t even allow a debate or a vote on proposals supported by over 80 percent of the American people for expanded back-ground checks to keep guns out of the wrong hands or ensure that someone on a terrorist no-fly list can’t buy a weap-on. Republicans won’t allow a vote be-cause they are afraid our commonsense proposals would pass and that they would be blamed for allowing a major-ity of the House to work its will, the will of the American people. Mr. Speaker, it is time that we stop legislating from fear. It is time that we stop the silence in response to tragedy and uphold the commitments that we made to represent our constituents and to keep them safe. While the majority may hope that, by retreating to their districts, they will be able to dodge this issue, rest as-sured, we will not let them do so. We are not going away on this issue, Mr. Speaker. We are going to keep fighting for expanded background checks to keep guns out of the wrong hands, and we are going to keep fight-ing to ensure that someone on a ter-rorist no-fly list cannot buy a weapon. f 
MICHIGAN INTERNATIONAL SPEEDWAY (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Michigan Inter-national Speedway, one of the Nation’s premier racing facilities, located in my district in the heart of the Irish Hills. Over the course of its 48-year history, Michigan International Speedway has become a staple of southeastern Michi-gan and a destination for tourists across the country. Having hosted NASCAR races, music festivals, char-ity events, and statewide fairs, MIS is a true year-round entertainment venue. Through its charitable contributions and community efforts, MIS Cares has twice been named the NASCAR Foun-dation’s track of the year. The economic impact of the speed-way on the region is strong, producing over 5,000 jobs and generating more than $414 million in annual total eco-nomic activity. As an innovative and diverse venue, I commend Michigan International Speedway for its many contributions to the community and for continuing to create lasting memories for every person every time. 
f 
CONGRESS DOES NOTHING (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, we saw children, 6-year-olds, murdered in their classroom. We saw young people who were dancing murdered. We saw police officers murdered. What did we do? Nothing. We went home. We saw children who were going to be infected with the Zika virus, and preg-nant young women’s babies were going to be born with deformities. What did we do? Nothing. We saw people being poisoned in Michigan. What did we do? Nothing. Don’t tell me to wait for a moment of silence, and don’t tell me to pray. Be-cause, before I pray, I make sure, be-fore I ask God for anything, that I have done everything humanly possible that I can do, and then I ask and I pray to Him for His help. f 
TRIBUTE TO SERGEANT MICHAEL SMITH (Mr. MARCHANT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, today we lay to rest a hero of the 24th Con-gressional District of Texas, Sergeant Michael Smith of the Dallas Police De-partment. Sergeant Smith, along with four of his police brothers, died in the tragic Dallas ambush last week. When shots rang out in downtown Dallas, Sergeant Smith unfortunately was in harm’s way. A resident of Carrollton, Texas, Ser-geant Smith joined the force in 1989. But this was not his first call to serv-ice. Michael previously served in the Army, retiring as an Army Ranger. Like so many who serve, Michael Smith’s service was not limited to his uniform. He was an active volunteer in his church, the Watermark Community Church, and the YMCA. His lasting legacy will be found in the hearts of the many people whom he touched. Michael Smith was among the very best of public servants and a cred-it to the uniform that he wore. In the wake of this unspeakable trag-edy, the people of Dallas have come to-gether in a resilient spirit. It is a spirit that I hope, along with the memory of Sergeant Smith, will be enduring. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces a correction to an ear-lier vote tally. On rollcall vote No. 472, the ‘‘yeas’’ were 191 and the ‘‘nays’’ were 236. 
f 
CONGRESS’ SEVEN-WEEK ADJOURNMENT (Mr. LOEBSACK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, after being in session for only 74 days so far this year, the Republican leadership has decided to send us home for 7
1⁄2 weeks. That is thoroughly unaccept-able to the American people. They ex-pect us to do our job. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.077 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4978 July 14, 2016 
That is not what we are going to be doing for the next 7
1⁄2weeks. We have a laundry list of things that we have to get done. We need comprehensive gun safety reform. We need comprehensive legislation to deal with Zika and other serious bio-threats. We have to deal with the Social Secu-rity COLA problem for our seniors, higher education reauthorization, com-prehensive mental health reform—we passed some of that in the House, but we have to do more—comprehensive job package, postal reform, campaign fi-nance reform. You name it, we have to do it. We haven’t done it yet. It is time for us to do our job. It is time for the Republicans to bring us back. After those conventions, we could come back in August, folks, and we could get the job done. 
f 
10TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF ILLINOIS OLYMPIANS (Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize six talented young women from the Illinois 10th Congressional District, who have been selected to rep-resent our country in the rhythmic gymnastics group competition at the upcoming 2016 Summer Olympic Games. Monica Rokhman, Jennifer Rokhman, Natalie McGiffert, Kiana Eide, Alisa Kano, and Kristen Shaldybin will be departing for Rio de Janeiro this August to compete for Team USA. Our community is very proud of their hard work as members of the North Shore Rhythmic Gymnastics Center, and I commend them on all of their re-cent achievements. Mr. Speaker, I am excited to watch this dedicated group of young women compete and look forward to cele-brating all of their success. 
f 
ABANDONED ISSUES (Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker and Members, if you take a look at this House, that side of the aisle is empty. They left. They are gone. Take a look on this side, and you see Democrats. Democrats are raising the question: Why did you decide to leave and to take a break without dealing with the serious issues that confront us today? Let me just remind them: Columbine; Newtown; Aurora, Colorado; Fort Hood Army Base, Texas; Tucson, Arizona, Representative Gabby Giffords; Oak Creek, Wisconsin; Washington, D.C., Navy Yard; Reynolds High School; Emanuel AME Church; San Bernardino; Pulse nightclub, Orlando, Florida. In all of these, there were chil-dren. What do we say about the children? We have had a moment of silence, and we have forgotten that children are dying. In Flint, Michigan, children still don’t have clean water. The water has lead in it. We have not done anything. Well, whether we are talking about Flint or the Zika virus or the children who have been killed because of gun vi-olence, Republicans, where are you? Shame on you for abandoning the issues that need to be dealt with. f 
b1430 IRAN DEAL IS BAD FOR AMERICA (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, July 14, 2015, the day our President went against Congress and the wishes of the American people and signed a nuclear agreement with Iran. The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion, more commonly known as the Iran deal, provided Iran sanctions relief in exchange for Iran to dismantle their nuclear program. One year later, America has upheld its part of the bargain, but Iran con-tinues to violate the terms of the agreement with little to no con-sequence. That is why today, on the 1- year anniversary of the Iran deal, the House passed legislation to reinstate sanctions on Iran. History has proven Iran cannot be trusted. I thought it was a bad deal for America and Israel from the beginning, and I still do. Mr. Speaker, no one can predict the future, but it is foolish to turn a blind eye to history. I voted to stop the Iran deal because I could not support any agreement that puts the security of Americans and our allies at risk and emboldens the Iran regime. A year later, I feel the same way. 
f 
DON’T TURN OFF THE LIGHTS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, to-morrow there will be a bright and shiny Sun, but in this Chamber it will be nothing but darkness—nothing but darkness, with no sound, no response from my friends on the other side of the aisle. From 2005 to 2015, 300,000 people have died from senseless gun violence. The people of Flint are crying out for relief from poisoned lead water. And then there is the Zika virus im-pacting the Gulf region. As of July 6, 1,132 travel-associated cases of the Zika virus; 2,534 cases in U.S. territories; and, of course, the Gulf region is a breeding ground for mosquitoes. Pregnant women with laboratory evi-dence of Zika, now some 320, including the United States and the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories is 279. And, yes, a baby has now been born with microcephaly in Harris County in Texas. And our Gulf region Zika task force has said thousands more may come. Give us the Senate bill, $1.9 billion. Our people are suffering. Don’t turn off the lights. Let’s work. They are crying out for relief. f 
REMOVAL OF NAMES OF MEM-BERS AS COSPONSORS OF H.R. 2446 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B
OYLE ) and the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) be removed as cosponsors of H.R. 2446. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. 
f 
WE NEED TO GET BACK TO WORK (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, guns, gun safety; Zika; Flint, Michi-gan—just three of the critical issues House Republicans are leaving town without addressing. Despite overwhelming public support, House Republicans have refused to bring any commonsense gun safety leg-islation to the floor. As they fail to act, many Americans unnecessarily die every day. On average, 91 Americans die from gun violence every day, and that means that we can expect more than 4,700 Americans to be killed over the 7-week recess. Seven babies have now been born in the United States with Zika-related birth defects, including one yesterday in Texas. Not only is there insufficient funding, but Republicans have used the Zika legislation to continue their at-tack on women’s access to reproductive health services. Republicans have continued to ignore Flint, Michigan, where the children are still drinking poisoned water and peo-ple are fleeing the city. We have too much to do. We need to get back to work. 
f 
EPA OVERREACH IMPACTS AGRICULTURE (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, the Clean Water Act, as created, was in-tended to protect our national water-ways from industrial pollution. For the past 40 years, the State and Federal partnership under that law has helped improve our lakes and rivers. However, in recent years, under this administration, we have seen the Army Corps of Engineers and EPA continu-ously overstep their authority to an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Oct 13, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\JUL2016\H14JY6.REC H14JY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4979 July 14, 2016 
unprecedented degree, despite clear op-position and legal barriers. In fact, in 2012, the Supreme Court condemned EPA’s practice of using the law to persecute farmers and ranchers with absolutely no proof or due process offered to these landowners. Again, early this year, the Supreme Court shut down EPA’s ongoing at-tempts to exempt their actions lim-iting property rights from traditional challenges, one of our Nation’s most fundamental rights. This is not a fight over clean water; it is a fight about Federal control. The creators of this law never intended for bureaucrats to have control of nearly every ditch, puddle, or pond they can get their hands on, while trying to reg-ulate everyday activities like plowing, explicitly exempted under the law. Yet we continue to see this administration use their own very imaginative inter-pretations to harass property owners. It is certainly unfortunate we have to pass additional legislation to require bureaucrats to stay within the law, but that is what we will do. I have an amendment in the appropriation bill just passed that will help do that and rein it in. 
f 
YET CONGRESS HAS DONE NOTHING (Mrs. LOWEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, in the face of extraordinary suffering, we are not asking for extraordinary courage from Members. We are asking for com-monsense measures most Americans support. Thousands of children in Flint have been exposed to lead, yet Congress has done nothing. Over 4,000 Americans have been infected with Zika ahead of peak mosquito season, yet Congress has done nothing. Gun violence in America is an epidemic, killing over 30,000 Americans each year, yet Con-gress has done nothing. It is cowardly to return to our con-stituents for 7 weeks without action. It is cowardly for this majority to run from our responsibilities because they are scared of the NRA when Americans consistently live in fear of gun vio-lence. This House has done nothing to ad-dress these real, widespread concerns. We should not recess without taking action for the American people. 
f 
ST. THOMAS MORE (Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, a few weeks ago, on June 22, it was the feast day of St. Thomas More. I was unable to get to the House floor that day, so I am going to tell you a little bit about him today. Sir Thomas More was known in the early 1500s as a Renaissance man who was an English lawyer, author, social philosopher, and a statesman. More is most notably known for his opposition to King Henry VIII’s separation from the Catholic Church and refusing to ac-knowledge King Henry as the supreme head of the Church of England. Thomas More was later convicted of treason and lost his own head in 1535. St. Thomas More was canonized in 1935 by Pope Pius XI and was hailed by Pope John Paul II as the ‘‘heavenly pa-tron of statesmen and politicians.’’ At a time when our country faces deep partisan divides, let us look to-ward St. Thomas More for guidance and strength. In the words of St. More, ‘‘When statesmen forsake their own private consciences for the sake of their public duties, they lead their country by a short route to chaos.’’ f 
LET’S REVIEW THE HOUSE REPUBLICAN RECORD (Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, well, as the House Republicans flee town, let’s just take a minute to review their record: no budget; no vote on gun violence measures; no Zika funding; no Flint, Michigan, fix; no VA appeals overhaul; no long-term FAA reauthorization; no Voting Rights Act. But, wait, they did do a few things. They voted to make our air and water dirtier, to degrade our environment, to interfere with a woman’s healthcare choices, to roll back ObamaCare, to re-institute discrimination in our laws. They even voted to screw elephants and polar bears. They also voted to waste millions of taxpayer dollars on hours of meaningless hearings. So I say, Mr. Speaker, don’t under-estimate the American public. You can run, but you cannot hide. 
f 
GIVE THE PEOPLE A VOTE ON THE ISSUES (Mr. LYNCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I have three bills that I am a cosponsor of— reasonable bills. One is to stop suspects on the terrorist watch list from acquir-ing firearms; one is to require uni-versal background checks so that we are sure that the people who do buy firearms are psychologically capable of doing so; and another bill to study the health impacts of gun violence in America. All across my district, I have re-ceived many, many, many, many calls. From the streets of Dorchester and South Boston and the North End in the city of Boston to the historic cities of Quincy and Brockton, the city of champions; from the beautiful towns in the north of my district, like Norwood and Dedham and Walpole and Westwood to the south shore towns of Scituate, Abington, Hingham, Cohasset, and Hull, it is pretty near unanimous in my district. And the peo-ple that I represent would like to have a vote on this issue. I think that is our job, that is our duty, and we should get to the business of taking up these bills and giving the people of the United States a vote on these issues. f 
AMERICAN PEOPLE DESERVE ACTION (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, the American people are demanding action to keep guns out of the hands of people who shouldn’t have them. Instead, the peo-ple’s House has been adjourned without a single vote on commonsense, life-saving legislation. We need to be voting on legislation that expands background checks to keep dangerous people from getting these deadly weapons. Mr. Speaker, this commonsense, bi-partisan legislation is supported by 80 percent of the American public. Give us a vote. It is past time for House Repub-licans to stop ignoring their voices. In-stead of taking real action, Repub-licans are playing games with a tooth-less NRA bill that does nothing to keep our communities safe. Whether it is the Flint water crisis emergency, Zika threats, or gun safety, the American people deserve action, not just thoughts and prayers and mo-ments of silence and 7 weeks out of ses-sion. The political gamesmanship won’t stop the bloodshed, won’t bring clean water to Flint, or prevent the Zika virus from spreading. Mr. Speaker, let’s actually do some-thing. Let’s do something to secure our children, our families, our Nation. We should do our job, but, once again, Con-gress is missing in action. 
f 
CONGRESS ADJOURNS WITHOUT ACTING ON URGENT NEEDS (Ms. M
CCOLLUM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, this do-nothing Congress is adjourning for 7 weeks without acting on our urgent public health needs: gun violence, Zika, and the Flint water crisis. Republicans have bent to the will of the gun lobby and refused to consider bipartisan legislation to prevent gun violence. Republicans have refused to suffi-ciently fund our response to the Zika virus and, instead, used this crisis as a way to advance their anti-choice agen-da. And Republicans have failed to ad-dress the long-term damage done to the children of Flint by lead-poisoned water. We should be working to fix our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.079 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4980 July 14, 2016 
water infrastructure in Flint and across America so this tragedy never happens again. And, again this week, Republicans blocked an amendment on the Interior-Environment bill to help the families of Flint. Now Republicans are heading to a 7- week recess without doing their jobs, standing up for the health and safety of the American people. 
f 
I AM DEEPLY DISAPPOINTED (Ms. BONAMICI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, today, the House of Representatives will re-cess for a 7-week district work period. Of course, I look forward to going home to Oregon to spend time with my fam-ily and meet with my constituents, but I am deeply disappointed that the House is going into recess without tak-ing meaningful action to keep our com-munities safe. It has been 1 month since 49 people were gunned down in Orlando, almost a year since 9 people were killed at Ump-qua Community College in Roseburg, Oregon, and 3
1⁄2years since 20 children and 6 educators were murdered in New-town. Yet Congress has taken no action to make American communities safer from gun violence. I am disappointed that we are going back home without passing the bipar-tisan, commonsense, comprehensive background-check bill that is sup-ported by an overwhelming majority of Americans. We need to fund efforts to combat Zika and help people in Flint, Michi-gan, and across this country who do not have access to safe drinking water. Our constituents are counting on us to keep them safe, and they deserve so much better than this congressional in-action. 
f 
b1445 GUN VIOLENCE (Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, every day, 91 Americans lose their lives to gun violence. Americans are fed up with Republicans’ dangerous obstruc-tion of bipartisan, commonsense gun violence legislation. House Republicans won’t even allow a vote. They won’t even allow a vote on the gun violence prevention laws. Instead, we are leaving Washington, led by the empty House that you see on the Republican side, for almost 2 months, for the longest summer con-gressional recess in 60 years, aban-doning the people who put them in of-fice. I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to work with us to pro-vide some form of balance and relief for all those who have been victims of gun violence across this country. We, my Democratic colleagues, have received overwhelming support across this country not only for gun enforce-ment from our faith leaders, but the families of those who lost lives to this epidemic of gun violence in this coun-try. Mr. Speaker, it is time for action. And the time for action is now. f 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION (Mr. LEWIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise be-cause I cannot believe it. I cannot be-lieve that the Republican Members of Congress would leave Washington, the Nation’s Capital, for 7
1⁄2weeks without taking a single step to respond to the real suffering, the real pain, the real hurt, the real despair of the American people. Mr. Speaker, there is so much hurt, so much hate, so much violence. We have a moral obligation, a mission, and a mandate to do something about gun violence. Too many of our sisters and brothers have suffered. Too many have lost their lives. They have lost too many of our children, too many of our mothers and fathers, too many of our friends and neighbors. Where are the leaders? Do you have any courage, Republican Members of Congress? Where is your leadership? It is a disgrace, it is a shame that you would leave Washington and not do anything about gun violence. 
f 
ZIKA FUNDING (Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, a little over an hour ago, we finished voting. Right now, most of my Republican colleagues are leaving Washington for the longest summer recess in 60 years. Many Amer-icans will be surprised to hear this. There are so many issues we have yet to address. Do my Republican colleagues actu-ally think we have earned this break? We are well into mosquito season and Congress has yet to provide meaningful emergency funding to battle the spread of Zika. In the United States, we al-ready have seen 560 cases of Zika in pregnant women and 7 babies already born with birth defects. My Republican colleagues are leaving Washington without providing any aid to help the thousands of children suf-fering lead poisoning in Flint, Michi-gan. My colleagues are taking a 2- month vacation without lifting a finger to act on lifesaving, commonsense leg-islation to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists and criminals. God forbid there will be another mass shooting in the next 2 months. The American people will have a sick feel-ing knowing that Congress did nothing to try to prevent it. The American people deserve better than that. We did not earn this recess, and I urge my Republican colleagues to cancel their vacations until we tackle these issues. f 
UNFINISHED BUSINESS (Ms. LOFGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, here in the House, the majority decides the schedule. Right now, that is the Repub-licans. We have met for 74 days, and now we are leaving until after Labor Day. It is unbelievable. What haven’t we done? We have not closed the loophole to prevent gun violence or passed a bill to keep from selling assault weapons to people on the terrorist watch list. That is incredible. Maybe some people aren’t surprised because of our suspicion that the NRA owns the Republican Party. What is even more astounding is the lack of funding for Zika. We passed a measure that was half of what was re-quested not by the President, but by the Centers for Disease Control, the scientists. We turned our backs on their request and, incredibly, put into the measure a requirement that you can’t provide birth control. Don’t you think that women who are facing the Zika virus and who want to postpone pregnancy because they don’t want to have a child who is disabled should be able to get birth control? 
f 
HONORING RODOLFO PINON (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, it is a shame that the Republican leadership chose to adjourn the House without working to keep Americans safe from gun vio-lence, lead poison in their water, and the Zika virus. However, I rise today to recognize Mr. Rodolfo Pinon of Blythe, Cali-fornia, an outstanding leader, husband, and father in my district. Rodolfo is a humble man with a deep and rich passion to serve others. He gives voice to the voiceless and has im-proved communities and changed many lives. With Pueblo Unido, he has installed water filters to 25 mobile home parks, where too many communities face the health threat of drinking water con-taminated with arsenic. He has paved 38 mobile home parks in the commu-nity, improving the quality of life of so many residents. He has helped count-less hardworking and poor families find affordable housing. He is loved and is a friend and inspiration to many he has mentored. Unfortunately, Rodolfo was recently diagnosed with advanced liver cancer. His family and loved ones are going through this terrible illness. My mes-sage is that we hope Rodolfo and his family find strength and comfort 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.081 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4981 July 14, 2016 
knowing that, as a community, we ap-preciate and thank him. We also appre-ciate his signature cowboy hat, boots, and big silver belt buckles. The best way to honor Rodolfo is to practice his selfless love for others, justice, and service to the community. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE EPIDEMIC (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my severe dis-appointment about congressional inac-tion on the gun violence epidemic that is plaguing our communities. Once again, we are breaking for re-cess without a vote on any gun vio-lence prevention measures. This time, we will be leaving for 7 weeks—the longest period of time in recent his-tory. Every moment that we don’t act, we flood even more streets with dangerous weapons, we equip even more criminals with guns, and we risk losing even more lives to senseless gun violence. So for another 7 weeks, the American people have to wait for action. For an-other 7 weeks, Congress is neglecting its duty to the American people. For another 7 weeks, we are putting our families, friends, and loved ones at risk. Mr. Speaker, I hope that sometime within the next 7 weeks you will find the courage to listen to your constitu-ents in Janesville and call up a com-monsense gun violence measure for a vote. 
f 
GIVE US A VOTE (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great con-cern as the Republic majority has al-lowed the House to head home for 52 days without addressing the gun vio-lence epidemic, providing resources to respond to Zika, or doing anything about the Flint water crisis. And that is just to name a few issues. Mr. Speaker, our constituents elected us to focus on their needs: growing our economy, creating jobs, improving edu-cation for our children, improving and ensuring safety and security in their communities. Now, we are about to leave town without handling at least these three incredibly concerning issues. I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to see reason, work with us to find a path to compromise, get back to doing their jobs, and give us a vote. 
f 
SILENCE OF INACTION (Mr. LEVIN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, we Demo-crats are here to act. The Republicans leave here with stony silence: the si-lence of inaction on Zika; the silence of inaction on the needs of Flint; the si-lence of inaction on the no fly, no buy and background checks. Years ago there was reference to an American silent majority. Today it is the Republican congressional majority that is silent. What the vast majority of Americans want is action on Zika, action on Flint, and action on gun vio-lence. f 
UNFINISHED BUSINESS (Ms. CASTOR of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is unconscionable that Republicans are adjourning the House early rather than staying to work on issues to keep Americans safe, whether that is giving us a vote to prevent dangerous people like terrorists from obtaining a ma-chine gun or keeping toxic water from flowing in Flint, Michigan, or address-ing the Zika public health crisis. Zika really hits home for me because I represent the Tampa Bay area in the State of Florida. It was January when we had the first cases of Zika an-nounced in Florida. It was February when public health experts, including the CDC and the President, said we need an emergency bill to develop vac-cines to prevent birth defects and diag-nose cases. It was March when we had hearings where public health experts expressed a sense of urgency of the Congress to act. But here we are in July, 6 months later, with almost 300 cases in Florida, and 43 are pregnant women. We had the first case in Florida of a baby born with microcephaly. It is very serious. Those babies can’t see, they can’t hear, they can’t walk. I am proud of my Democratic col-leagues who have remained in the Cap-itol to work. I am asking: Where are the Repub-licans? Why did you adjourn early rather than stay here to work to keep the American people safe? 
f 
NRA: NO REPUBLICAN ACTION (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, once again, here we are. Democrats are here, ready to roll up their sleeves and work to do what we need to do for the Amer-ican people. I have been to a briefing on Zika. We have seen what the whole issue around gun violence has meant for this coun-try. Why aren’t we here to do the work of the American people? Why aren’t we here to answer their call? We have the issue in Flint. Why would we leave Americans in the lurch without clean water to drink? Why? My colleagues on the other side have good will, but why can we not do the things we need to do for the American people? It is unconscionable that we have ad-journed and they have left town. It is irresponsible. The people have sent us here to do the work of the people. These things are critical to moving this Nation forward, and we cannot get anything done because of NRA: No Re-publican Action. f 
b1500 ZIKA REPRESENTS A SERIOUS THREAT (Mr. PALLONE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, there is no disputing it, Zika represents a seri-ous threat to global health and secu-rity. It is irresponsible and dangerous that Republicans plan to leave Wash-ington for a 7-week recess without pro-viding the resources to combat this threat. The Zika virus is spreading explo-sively throughout the Americas, with active local transmission in 31 coun-tries and territories. More than 3,600 Americans, including more than 600 pregnant women in 45 States, D.C., and three U.S. territories, have already been diagnosed with the Zika virus, and more transmission is expected. Mr. Speaker, it is not a matter of if we will have local transmission of the Zika virus in the Continental United States, it is a question of when. Despite that risk, Republicans refuse to provide the resources to address this public health crisis. Instead, they have insisted on saddling potential funding with irrelevant and damaging partisan riders. Make no mistake about it, without swift action, we are gambling with the health of our Nation. The time is now for Congress to work in a bipartisan fashion and provide the necessary funds to protect individuals across this Nation. 
f 
LAMEDUCK CONGRESS (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, the Republicans shot out of here like mice when you cut the lights on; so busy to get to their convention, their Titanic convention in Cleveland, where they will nominate Donald Trump to be their next President, all the while, leaving the people of Flint, Michigan, up the river without a pad-dle. Then, on top of that, to take no ac-tion on funding Zika and to pass a bill, but no funding, is like sending soldiers into war without a weapon or, worse 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.082 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4982 July 14, 2016 
yet, sending them to war with a gun that they didn’t know didn’t have any bullets in it. It is really criminal that my friends from the other side of the aisle would leave America in the lurch, leaving us only 17 legislative days when we return in 7 weeks to do the work of the people, only 17 days left before the lameduck session. And, really, I believe that this Congress has been operating as a lame-duck since it began. 
f 
CONGRESS IS SILENT ON GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, this Republican Congress has left this Chamber early without ad-dressing a public health crisis in this country called gun violence. The Republican Congress may find comfort in remaining silent, in doing the bidding of the gun lobby, in turning its back on the American people. But our inaction disservices our constitu-ents and the tens of thousands of fami-lies who have lost their loved ones to gun violence. Millions more worry that they and their families are not safe, and if mothers can’t sleep at night knowing their children are safe from harm, neither should this Congress. I challenge my colleagues who have left here early to be silent to engage their communities when they go home. Find the courage to do the right thing and reject the gun lobby’s heavy hand. Let’s bring the will of the American people to this body and pass common-sense legislation. Do not be on the wrong side of history. Do not bet against the American people. Stand with us to end this deadly silence. 
f 
REPUBLICAN INACTION (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, today, the House adjourns for a 7-week recess, and House Republicans are leaving town for 52 days without any action to address the many issues before our great Nation. Yet, we find ourselves trapped, trapped in congressional inac-tion, with Speaker R
YAN telling the American people: See you in Sep-tember. Trapped because Republicans have failed to bring legislation to the House floor that would address our Nation’s gun violence epidemic. Trapped in the height of summer be-cause House Republicans have failed to provide critical resources to respond to the Zika health crisis. Trapped, and the residents of Flint are still waiting for Congress to do something to help them. Mr. Speaker, we are trapped with do- nothing Republican leadership. We should not be leaving today for 52 days in the face of so many pressing needs. We should stay here. We should work together. We should move legislation that protects the American people. It is what our constituents expect and, most importantly, they deserve that. We should not be trapped. f 
IT IS TIME TO PUT THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE FIRST (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my Republican col-leagues to do their jobs, pass legisla-tion that moves our country forward. House Democrats have led sit-ins here on the floor. We have led vigils on the floor, and we have demanded action at press conferences right outside the House floor. But despite it all, no real legislation has been passed on the House floor. Speaker R
YANrefuses to do the work that we were all elected to do. Ninety- seven percent of Americans have spo-ken. They want gun reform, not a 6- week vacation for their Representa-tives. For 52 days, the Republican-led Con-gress has done nothing. Instead of pass-ing commonsense legislation for gun reform, House Republicans are going on summer vacation. Instead of pro-viding adequate funding for the Zika health crisis, House Republicans are going on summer vacation. Instead of addressing the Flint water crisis, House Republicans are going on sum-mer vacation. It is unacceptable. I am disappointed. It is irresponsible leadership. I call on Speaker R
YAN and Congress to come back in session, finally do the work that we were elected to do. It is time, Mr. Speaker, to put the will of the people first. 
f 
CONGRESS HAS UNFINISHED BUSINESS (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today in this wonderful House with so many of my colleagues to speak forcefully to the issue of unfin-ished business that is continuing to mount. The silence in the House now will be deafening for 52 days. The paralysis caused in the lives of too many shows a gross sense of insensitivity and dis-respect. We are asking for action on several bills. We don’t think that we should leave for these 52 days and, worse yet, close down session days before it was scheduled to close. We have a Zika virus crisis that is gripping the lives of many, and it is starting to have its presence felt in these United States, issues that will cost us tens of millions of dollars per child because of an inaction to address the Zika virus. We have a crisis in Flint that has not been responded to, where we have walked away from families and their needs for the given need of drinking water. I have a bill, the Aqua bill, that we need to address on this House floor. Let’s do our business. Let’s not walk away from our responsibilities. Let’s be sensitive to America. No vacation if we have not done our work. f 
CRITICAL UNFINISHED BUSINESS (Mr. POCAN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, Congress has earned its longest summer recess in more than 3 decades. I mean, this session we have done so much. Take, for example, our quick re-sponse to the Zika health crisis. Oh, wait, not that one. Well, what about how Congress pro-vided emergency funding to the people of Flint, Michigan? Oh, wait. Scratch that. Republicans blocked that meas-ure as well. But at least we were able to pass commonsense gun violence prevention laws that 9 out of 10 Americans favor. Mr. Speaker, I think I brought the wrong list up here because the GOP majority blocked those bills from com-ing to the floor as well. The reality is the Republican major-ity has done little to nothing to de-serve this 7-week recess. Hardworking Americans elected their Members of Congress to do their job on behalf of the American people. It is shameful and embarrassing to leave town with these critical items unfinished. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF SETH RICH (Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I stand with my colleagues and lament that we are going home without addressing these very difficult issues. Mr. Speaker, this week the Omaha community lost a treasured son. I stand before you today to honor the memory of 27-year old Seth Rich. Seth was returning home early Sunday morning when he was the victim of a tragic and senseless shooting just 1 block from his Washington, D.C., home. Seth had dedicated his all-too-brief career to public service that began in high school and blossomed in college before he set out to change things for the better in our Nation’s Capital. While his life was cut short, his legacy and work to expand access to voting for millions of Americans will not be lost. Seth’s family and friends remember a passionate young man out to do good works from whatever platform he was given. A Nebraskan through and through, although he now called D.C. home, Seth could be found cheering on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.084 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4983 July 14, 2016 
the Husker football team and Creighton basketball team. No one deserves this kind of senseless violence, and the thoughts and prayers of all Nebraskans go out to Seth’s fam-ily. 
f 
CONGRESS HAS MORAL RESPONSIBILITY TO ACT (Ms. D
ELAURO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, when we were elected to serve, we were charged with a responsibility, the responsi-bility to give our constituents a voice in Washington. They are crying out for action on the public health emer-gencies that are plaguing our country. And if we do not act, why are we here? We need to vote on legislation that makes an impact on the epidemic of gun violence in our country. The Amer-ican people are demanding a vote, and we have a moral obligation to take ac-tion. For each of us, it is personal. In every community in this country, the effects of gun violence have left scars that will never heal. Congress also needs to act imme-diately on Zika. We must fund the President’s request that was made 5 months ago. We must not put Amer-ican women in the predicament of choosing whether or not they should get pregnant or, if they are already pregnant, wondering whether or not their baby is okay. We are also facing a nationwide opioid epidemic that is sounding alarms that we must heed. We are all seeing this in our districts. And the lead poisoning of thousands of children in Flint, Michigan, and across our country has not dis-appeared. Over 500,000 children every day are affected by lead poisoning. We were elected to vote on issues working families care about. The Re-publican majority left town, abdicating its responsibility and leaving the American people at risk. 
f 
REPUBLICAN INACTION (Ms. MATSUI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, today, House Republicans are leaving town for 52 days. That is 52 days that we won’t be taking action to address public health crises like Zika and the Flint water crisis. Time and time again, House Republicans have blocked mean-ingful emergency funding needed to protect the health and safety of Amer-ican families. And even as Americans continue to lose their lives every day, House Re-publicans still have not answered our call for a vote on bipartisan gun vio-lence prevention legislation. We have a responsibility to protect the safety of the American people. Mr. Speaker, it is time we answer the call of communities across this coun-try who are demanding action on com-monsense solutions like strengthening our background check system and en-suring we keep guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists. Families are counting on us. Let’s do our job. f 
CONGRESS HAS COMPELLING UNFINISHED BUSINESS (Ms. TSONGAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, last month I sat with parents who lost chil-dren to gun violence. There was such sorrow in the room. ‘‘When I lost my son, I lost myself,’’ one mother said. Another said: ‘‘Until we get these guns off the streets, the cycle is going to continue.’’ As I listened to their stories, I heard again the tragic ways that gun vio-lence so abruptly takes lives and dev-astates families and communities every single day, and I took to heart their message that too many weapons are too easily available. Preventing weapons from getting into the hands of terrorists, criminals, domestic abusers, and the dangerously mentally ill is common sense and es-sential to our security, and there are bipartisan bills in Congress right now that would do just that. Mr. Speaker, we should not be leav-ing town with such compelling unfin-ished business. We should be voting on commonsense, bipartisan legislation that keeps guns out of the hands of dangerous individuals. 
f 
b1515 ZIKA VIRUS (Mr. HECK of Washington asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-er, Zika virus—there is no vaccine, and there is no treatment. It kills the weak and the frail. The fancy term is it is also teratogenic. It disrupts regular embryonic development—teratogenic. It has infected 1,000 Americans—200 pregnant women. It is spread by mos-quitos that are just emerging from their winter dormancy. What are we doing about it? We are going home for 7 weeks. As this body has descended further and further into dysfunction, I have heard a lot of rationalizations: ‘‘Con-gress just waits until the last minute’’; ‘‘they have to see real consequences be-fore they take action’’; ‘‘let the body work through regular order.’’ I reject them all. For the second time in 3 years, this body has had and faced a devastating, urgent public health cri-sis. What has been our response? Missing in action. We acted too late with Ebola, and now, with Zika, we are not acting at all. Democracy can’t work if we don’t work. I don’t yield back, Mr. Speaker. I don’t yield now. I don’t yield in Sep-tember. I don’t yield in November, and I don’t yield in December until we do our work. Come back. Fight this disease. f 
SALVADOR ESPARZA AND WORK LEFT UNDONE (Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, at just 4 years old, Salvador Esparza already had a reputation for lighting up a room whenever he walked in. His aunt called him ‘‘a sweet boy with a passion for soccer and Spiderman.’’ But now pictures and memories are all that remain. Last week, Salvador was shot and killed in a drive-by shoot-ing on his own front porch in my Cali-fornia district. Like him, 91 people are killed by guns each day. But people like Salvador deserve to be more than a statistic. That is why I joined 350 people in front of Pasadena City Hall last week at a vigil to call for an end to gun violence. They are hurt-ing. Now is the time for Congress to take action to save lives. But, instead, Re-publicans decided to end session early and push lifesaving work on guns, Zika, and the Flint water crisis aside. The American people elected us to do our job. They deserve better. 
f 
HOUSE REPUBLICANS HAVE CUT AND RUN ON THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Ms. EDWARDS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, here we are, House Democrats, right here in the House, ready to work. Where are House Republicans? Well, they have escaped for 52 days without taking care of the Nation’s business. That’s right, escaped—you know, left, fled, absconded, disappeared, de-parted, dodged, bolted, bailed, ducked out, burst out, shipped out, made off, cut and run. That is what House Re-publicans have done. But here is what is left undone: the opportunity to protect our children and families from the spread of the Zika virus, from a concern to a public health crisis; the opportunity to pro-vide clean drinking water for over 9,000 children in Flint, Michigan, poisoned with lead. This is serious. In fact, it is sobering. In the next 52 days that the House Re-publicans have escaped, 4,732 American men, women, and children will lose their lives to gun violence, including 67 who will be killed with a gun as a re-sult of domestic violence. Mr. Speaker, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.085 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4984 July 14, 2016 
6,780 perpetrators have already gotten their hands on guns through the loop-hole. Where are House Republicans? You got it. They are on vacation. So shame on House Republicans for not acting to protect our communities from the epidemic of gun violence by passing 100 percent background checks no matter where a gun is purchased and preventing terrorists from buying a gun when they can’t even get on a plane. Shame on House Republicans for cutting and running on the American people. 
f 
CONGRESS’ APPROVAL RATING (Ms. D
EGETTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. D
EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, a recent poll showed that Congress has an ap-proval rating of 12 percent. Nobody in their right mind would ever think that is a good rating. It is no wonder that our poll ratings are so low. We have left now for 7 weeks—52 days, as you have heard— without funding Zika, despite the fact that it is spreading throughout the Southwest United States and the terri-tories. We have left now for 52 days—7 weeks—without passing commonsense gun safety legislation, despite the ter-rible tragedies we are seeing in all of our communities every day. We have left town without addressing the opioid epidemic in any meaningful way through funding. Now, listen. Our constituents didn’t send us here to go on vacation. They have sent us here to do the work of the people. And anybody who thinks that the people—our constituents—are not going to notice that we are not here doing this work for 7 weeks doesn’t un-derstand what the House Democratic Caucus intends to do for the next 2 months, because we intend to remind our constituents every single day of the job that we were elected to do. 
f 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A further message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, an-nounced that the Senate has agreed to the following resolution: 
S. R ES. 534 Whereas William L. Armstrong (in this preamble referred to as ‘‘Bill Armstrong’’) was born in Fremont, Nebraska, and at-tended Tulane University and the University of Minnesota; Whereas Bill Armstrong was a broadcaster and owner of media outlets, such as radio stations and newspapers; Whereas Bill Armstrong served in the Army National Guard of the United States from 1957 to 1963, which brought him to Colo-rado; Whereas at age 25 Bill Armstrong was elected to the Colorado House of Representa-tives, where he served from 1963 to 1964; Whereas Bill Armstrong then served in the Colorado Senate from 1965 to 1972, where he became Majority Leader after only 4 years of service; Whereas Bill Armstrong served the people of Colorado in the United States House of Representatives from 1973 to 1979 and in the United States Senate from 1979 to 1991; Whereas Bill Armstrong served honorably as the Chairman of the Senate Republican Policy Committee from 1985 to 1991; Whereas Bill Armstrong was a strong con-servative who consistently advocated for such matters as fiscal discipline and tax re-form, pay and benefits for military service members, and the support of small busi-nesses; Whereas Bill Armstrong worked to pass the Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981 (Pub-lic Law 97-34, 95 Stat. 172) and was recognized multiple times with the ‘‘Taxpayers’ Friend’’ award by the National Taxpayers Union; Whereas Bill Armstrong was named the ‘‘military pay champion’’ of the Senate by the Army Times; Whereas Bill Armstrong was an ardent champion of small business; Whereas Bill Armstrong earned the ‘‘Guardian of Small Business’’ award from the National Federation of Independent Business, and the Colorado Association of Commerce and Industry Public Service Award in 1982 for his distinguished service to the people of Colorado; Whereas Bill Armstrong was instrumental to the passage of title I of Public Law 96-560 (94 Stat. 3265) (commonly known as the ‘‘Col-orado National Forest Wilderness Act of 1980’’), which preserved 1,400,000 acres of land; Whereas Bill Armstrong continued to serve the people of Colorado for the last 10 years as president of Colorado Christian University; Whereas Bill Armstrong possessed a strong faith and lived his life accordingly; Whereas Bill Armstrong led hundreds of prayer breakfasts and served on the board of Campus Crusade for Christ and Christian Businessmen’s Committee USA; Whereas Bill Armstrong was a person of firm principle, worked towards meaningful solutions, and described himself as ‘‘rel-atively inflexible on principles, but flexible on the details’’; Whereas, throughout his life, Bill Arm-strong demonstrated great integrity and re-markable leadership; and Whereas Bill Armstrong touched the lives of all those he served and helped families across Colorado through his devotion to pub-lic service: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) the Senate has heard with profound sor-row and deep regret the announcement of the death of the Honorable William L. Arm-strong, former member of the United States Senate; (2) the Senate instructs the Secretary of the Senate to communicate this resolution to the House of Representatives and trans-mit an enrolled copy of this resolution to the family of William L. Armstrong; and (3) when the Senate adjourns on the date of adoption of this resolution, it stands ad-journed as a further mark of respect to the memory of the Honorable William L. Arm-strong. 
The message also announced that the Senate disagrees to the amendment of the House to the bill (S. 2943) ‘‘An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses.’’, and agrees to the request from the House for a conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses there-on with instructions, and appoints Mr. MCCAIN, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. W
ICKER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. F ISHER , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. R OUNDS , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. L EE, Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. R EED, Mr. N EL-
SON, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, and Mr. H
EINRICH to be the conferees on the part of the Senate. 
f 
LEAVING FOR AUGUST RECESS (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, when we Democrats held our sit-in on the floor of the House, I proudly stood up and said that call to action was, in fact, the reason I came to Congress—not so much the act itself, but the rationale behind it. I came to Congress to get things done on behalf of my constituents. In fact, it baffles me, along with my constituents, that we aren’t even allowed to debate, much less vote, on an issue as dire and as important as gun violence. Now House Republicans have left town for 7 weeks without addressing this very issue, and this part of the de-bate is in every community in Amer-ica. It is not just gun violence. We have not adequately dealt with the Zika health crisis, and we have not dealt with the Flint water crisis. I am going to go home to New Mexico soon, where forest fires are raging across the West. But we did nothing to support those States and the Forest Service that battles those fires at home. I wasn’t elected to apologize to my constituents every time I see them for the inaction of the Republican leader-ship. We should stay in this Chamber, and we should do the work that our constituents expect and demand of us. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I am proud that the Nation’s Capital has the strongest gun safety laws in the coun-try. Yet the Capitol complex was on lockdown Tuesday as D.C. Police chased suspects armed with a machine gun and shooting at police near the Capitol. People and their guns travel in inter-state commerce instantly making our country’s gun problem national, not local. D.C.’s strong gun safety laws are still on the books, despite pro-gun law-suits and incessantly proposed Repub-lican riders. But local and State laws 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.087 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4985 July 14, 2016 
to protect our people are undermined by inaction by this Congress. The Charleston loophole is the decent place to begin. We sat in on the House floor because we could not go home in silence for July Fourth. Today, we de-clare no recess from the gun show loop-hole until universal background checks become the law of the land. 
f 
GUN SAFETY (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, we ought to be able to go to the store, walk down our sidewalks, and go dancing without the fear of being shot. Democrats and Republicans in the United States House of Representatives need to come together to pass commonsense gun safety legislation. What is wrong with a no fly, no buy bill? If you can’t get on a plane, if you cannot board one of our commercial aircraft carriers in this country, why in the world can you go into a sporting goods store and buy a TEC–9—or any kind of gun for that matter? We need to do something. Let me tell you, as a native Texan, responsible gun owners aren’t the prob-lem. I own a gun. A lot of Democrats that I know own guns. But I don’t want al Qaeda and I don’t want ISIS owning guns. But under the current laws in the U.S., if they are on a no-fly list, they can go into a sporting goods store and buy a gun. It is just not right. Let’s take some action now, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, if you go to a federally licensed gun dealer to buy a firearm, you must pass a back-ground check. But if you go to a pri-vate seller at a gun show or over the Internet, it is completely legal to buy a firearm with no background check to determine if you are fit to own a dead-ly weapon. In all the discussion we have had on gun violence, I have yet to hear one good reason why this loophole should continue to exist. Mr. Speaker, 92 percent of gun own-ers and 86 percent of Republican voters support universal background checks. But instead of listening to the Amer-ican people, my Republican colleagues have left town. They have rushed out of town. They have scrambled out of town. I will say the same thing I told my students when I was a high school teacher: There can be no recess until our work is done. Come back to Washington, and let’s pass a universal background check bill. CONGRESS MUST DO ITS JOB (Mrs. DINGELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as the House of Representatives prepares to leave Washington for 7 weeks—52 days—without addressing some of the most critical issues we face in this country. Instead of working together, Demo-crats and Republicans, towards mean-ingful solutions to protect the Amer-ican people, we spent the week debat-ing bills that are going to go abso-lutely nowhere. Our constituents are tired of our not getting things done. We have failed to meaningfully respond to the Flint water crisis, which has left families in my home State of Michigan reeling for too long. My women friends are afraid to go outside because they are afraid they are going to be bitten by a mosquito, and we failed to provide critical re-sources to respond to the Zika health crisis. When I meet with victims of domes-tic violence, which I do quietly every week, they want to know why can’t we just talk about it. People want to know why I am com-ing home for so long. They want action in this Chamber. We need to do the job the American people elected us to do. We need to come together to find solu-tions to the bigger problems we face. Let’s do our job. f 
ISSUES LEFT UNADDRESSED (Mr. SERRANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, when you think about it, it is a very simple solution to think about: If you can’t fly because you are too dangerous to be on a plane and you are a threat to the country, why would you be allowed to buy a gun? Yet the gun lobby is so strong that our colleagues in the Re-publican Party could not see fit to change that. Secondly, we have another threat in this country and that we are not pay-ing attention to. We have a Zika epi-demic that is brewing. It started al-ready. It is hurting the territories. It is going to hurt Florida in a strong way, and it will move north. Then it might be too late, when we have so many peo-ple sick. Why would they leave town and run away from real issues when they could have stayed here and faced the Amer-ican people by doing the right thing? What are they going to say now to the American people when they ask: Why didn’t you protect the children? Why didn’t you protect the pregnant women? Why didn’t you stop crazy peo-ple or people who need help from get-ting on an airplane with a gun? That is the big issue that we have to deal with. b1530 CONGRESS HAS BEEN GROSSLY IRRESPONSIBLE (Mr. PRICE of North Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, Congress is set to take the longest recess in memory with critical national priorities, even emergencies, unaddressed. Three weeks ago on the floor of this House, we engaged in civil disobedience to protest the carnage of gun violence in our country and the disgrace of con-gressional inaction in the face of that. Republican leadership was prevented by their Freedom Caucus from putting even a token measure on the floor. But we will not rest until we are able to keep guns out of the hands of prospec-tive terrorists and are able to have ef-fective background checks. And now, incredibly, the Zika crisis is upon us. Months ago this should have been addressed. I convened re-searchers and government officials from my area, which is a research hub, to talk about the heroic efforts under-way to find out how to prevent the spread of this virus, to understand how to develop a vaccine. Heroic work is going on. People are moving money around, dealing with the absence of a steady funding stream. We have let our people down. A pub-lic health crisis is coming. Congress has been grossly irresponsible in failing to provide steady and sure emergency funding for what is surely going to be a desperate public health emergency. 
f 
ANNIVERSARY OF SANDRA BLAND’S DEATH (Mr. FOSTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on Congress to stay in session to take action against public health crises that are plaguing our country. As the only Ph.D. scientist in Con-gress, I find it deeply disturbing that Congress has failed to act in the face of clear evidence: 91 Americans die from gunshot wounds every day; since 2014, more than 28,000 Americans have died from opioid overdoses; dangerous levels of lead are present in the drinking water of thousands of American fami-lies; and the Zika virus is a global health crisis that is now reaching our shores. Too many Americans are dying from senseless, but preventable, causes. I represent the 11th District of Illi-nois, and this week marked the 1-year anniversary of another senseless death. Sandra Bland was a beloved member of our community. She died 1 year ago yesterday, alone in a Texas jail, after she was arrested for a minor traffic violation. After 3 days in jail, Ms. Bland was found dead in her cell. The coroner ruled it a suicide, but we still don’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.088 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4986 July 14, 2016 
have the answers we need and that Sandra Bland’s family deserves. 
f 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO CHANGE THE GUN LAW (Mr. VARGAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, we find some people so dangerous that we won’t let them on a plane, but cur-rently they can buy a gun. That makes no sense. How can you tell a person: No, you can’t have that ticket, but would you like an automatic weapon? Would you like a machine gun? That makes no sense. If our law enforcement specialists, those that deal with this day in and day out, say to us this person should not get on a plane, how can we have laws right now that allow that person, then, to go right down to the store and get an automatic weapon and all the ammunition that he wants? That makes no sense. In fact, the American people know that that makes no sense. We need to change the law. We don’t need a vacation. That is why we should be here right now debating these bills and doing something for the safety of our people. 
f 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO ADDRESS THREE CRISES (Mr. NADLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, the Re-publican majority has decided to ad-journ the House and take a 7-week va-cation without dealing with the three crises that are pressing upon us now: The epidemic of gun violence, a uniquely American crisis: every year, about 146 people die of gun violence in the United Kingdom, 71 in Denmark, 140 in Portugal, 30 in Japan—and 33,000 in the United States; The Zika health crisis, which is about to give us thousands of terribly disabled babies; and The Flint, Michigan, crisis, whose water was poisoned by the decision of the Governor’s appointee. We should not leave here without providing funds for Zika, funds without offsets and without irrelevant poison pills; we should at least enact a no fly, no buy bill and universal background checks to start dealing with the gun vi-olence epidemic; and we should get Flint, Michigan, some drinkable water. Let the majority deal with these three crises, then take a 6-week vaca-tion if they want. But don’t sentence thousands of Americans to die while you go off on vacation. 
f 
LEGISLATURE NEEDS TO GET ITS WORK DONE (Mr. LARSON of Connecticut asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, in Dallas, Texas, we saw a champion. We saw a champion in Po-lice Chief David Brown and how he con-ducted himself. When asked about his responsibility, he said: We will con-tinue to do our responsibility as police officers, as we do every day out in the field. But the legislature needs to do its responsibility. The legislature needs to get its work done. Those brave police officers do their work every day, and yet this Congress has not. Roosevelt said it best about our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle: They are frozen in the ice of their own indifference—indifference to the slaughter that takes place in our streets, indifference to the more than 1,000 mass murders that have taken place, indifference to the threat of Zika and the spread of disease, and in-difference to children in Flint, Michi-gan. It is time for us to do as David Brown said, ‘‘Do your job.’’ f 
WHO, WHAT, WHEN, WHERE, AND WHY (Ms. PELOSI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, in the course of these 1-minutes, of which there have been over 50, thank you, Mr. C
ICILLINE , for bringing us together once again on the steps of the Capitol a cou-ple of nights ago and now here in the Chamber. When we are in school and they ask us to write about something, they say: Answer these questions: Who? What? When? Where? Why? Who? Little children in Newtown, young people in Orlando, churchgoers in South Carolina, moviegoers in Colo-rado, again and again. The list goes on and on as to the vulnerability. What? What? What? Slaughter of peo-ple. Mr. T
HOMPSON has repeated the numbers over and over again. But 91 people killed every night on the streets of our country, and we had 91 people in orange shirts on the steps of the Cap-itol last week to mention that. Over 1,000 mass murders since Newtown, mass murders being described as over four people being killed in any one in-stance. What? What? What? Violence on the streets of our city, and even in our churches and other. Who? What? When? Every day. Every single day with greater frequency and intensity. Most recently, in Dallas. So sad. An assassination of five police offi-cers. Many of us spoke to that in the course of the last few days. Where? All over the country. I just mentioned Dallas, and I mentioned some other venues earlier. All over the country, every single day. But the main question is, Why? Why is this happening? Mayor Rawlings of Dallas was very eloquent in his com-ments when he said: We must address the root causes of this. Yes. But why are these guns so readily available? Because Congress will not act—refuses to act—on passing com-monsense gun violence prevention leg-islation. No fly, no buy. Almost every-one in our country supports that—Re-publicans, Democrats, Independents, gun owners, NRA members. Not the NRA. The NRA stands be-tween any commonsense solutions and this Congress, which I think they own. Why? Because some people think their political survival is more impor-tant than survival of little kids in kin-dergarten in Newtown. Why is it happening in kindergarten classes? in churches? in places of recre-ation for young people? in theaters? in bowling alleys? You name it, it has happened there. Why? Because we have not fully im-pressed upon the American people their role in lobbying Congress to make a difference. We are limited in what we can ask people to do vis-a-vis Congress, but they are unlimited in their advo-cacy and in their capacity. Nothing is more eloquent to a Member of Congress than the voice of his or her own con-stituents. As JOHN LEWIS, our beautiful icon who has led us in all of this, has said: What we have to do is convince the av-erage Joe—that would be J-O or J-O- E—of their power to make the dif-ference in our country by making their voices heard to Members of Congress who have the power to vote for legisla-tion. We ask over and over again for the Speaker to give us a vote because we believe and have confidence in the American people that their voices will be heard and not ignored again and again and again and again by the Re-publicans in Congress, but will give us a vote that will make America safer and help us to honor—to honor—our oath of office to protect and defend the American people. This has gone into the realm of hate crimes. The same thing in South Caro-lina. The same thing in Orlando. It must end. But our message is clear: we will not end until this is over, until we get com-monsense gun violence prevention leg-islation passed by the Congress of the United States. I thank all of my colleagues for what they are doing. Our whip, Mr. H
OYER , is leader on the floor for us. Thank you for orchestrating this with Mr. C
ICILLINE and so many others. I thank my colleagues for making the voices of their constituents heard here. 
f 
GUN LOBBY HAS BLOCKED EF-FORTS TO PASS SENSIBLE GUN LAWS (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.089 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4987 July 14, 2016 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, Maria and Fred Wright traveled to Wash-ington to mark the 1-month anniver-sary of the murder of their son in Or-lando. They wrote a beautiful op-ed: 
While in D.C., we don’t want just thoughts or prayers from Members of Congress. We want them to look us in the eyes and tell us: How will they work to make our Nation safer against gun violence? How will they perform their constitutional duty to ‘‘insure domestic tranquility’’ and ‘‘promote the gen-eral welfare’’—some of the main roles of gov-ernment according to our Constitution? How will they work to stand up to the extremist gun lobby and urge their fellow Members to do the same? 
Unfortunately, for Maria and Fred Wright, and for all of us, they would have to run really fast to look into the eyes of Congress as our colleagues fled down the stairs to run out for a 7-week vacation and to do nothing. Their son, Jerry, is one of 33,000 Americans who will lose their life to gun violence every year in this country. We urged our colleagues to bring to the floor something, do something in the face of this carnage. And we stay here as Democrats. The cameras can’t stay in the room. The Republican side of the room is empty. They are gone. They are home with their family and friends. Maria and Fred will never get to be with their son Jerry. They didn’t do anything to protect us from gun violence, to protect us from the dangers of Zika, to protect us from lead poisoning. Our most sacred re-sponsibility is the health and well- being of those we serve. Shame on our colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Have they no decency to bring these bills to the floor and do their job? 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. WELCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, we have common ground on the Republican and Democratic side of the aisle. There is a problem of gun violence. Innocent peo-ple—children in Newtown, workers in San Bernardino, worshippers in Charleston, and five very brave police officers in Dallas protecting the right of citizens to protest—all have been killed. We have got to do something. We know that. We have a disagreement about what. But should we have a dis-agreement that we not even debate what is the right response as a policy to protect innocent lives from future gun violence? That is the question. We can debate the Second Amend-ment. We can protect gun owner rights. But we can’t hide from the responsi-bility that we chose to accept when we ran for office and asked people to en-trust us with their vote in this Con-gress, that we won’t even discuss, we won’t debate, we won’t have a com-mittee hearing, we won’t have a bill on the floor. That is what is really unac-ceptable. Do you know what? We have a dis-agreement. Put some bills on the floor. We vote. Our voters then get to hold us accountable one way or the other. f 
b1545 JUST AN ORDINARY SUNDAY (Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, it was just another Sunday in De-cember 2006 in West Palm Beach, Flor-ida. Greg Key was in church, with the pastor delivering a sermon—a little sweat on his brow. It was just another Sunday when Greg’s cell phone buzzed. He stepped out for a call that changed his life. The voice on the other end told him that his 19-year-old daughter—the shining light of his life—had been gunned down as the innocent victim of a drive-by shooting. On this ordinary Sunday, like on every other day of the year, 91 families got devastating news that a loved one had been killed by a firearm. Like I said, Mr. Speaker, it was just an ordi-nary Sunday. 
f 
TAKING ACTION ON GUN VIOLENCE (Mrs. CAPPS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my extreme concern that you have dismissed this House without tak-ing action on the critical issues that face our Nation, especially gun vio-lence. I rise on their behalf—for the fami-lies who have lost loved ones to gun vi-olence all over the country and in my own community. I rise for these moth-ers and fathers who wake up every morning, worried about the safety of their children and communities, who will continue to wait with no action due to your decision. On an average day, as has been stated eloquently, more than 90 Americans are killed by guns. How many more lives will it take until we come to terms with this reality? How many more days must go by until this House takes even one small step in the right direction? Every day counts. Every life counts. The American people deserve better. The decision to adjourn is shameful. I urge you to get this House back to work to address the gun violence epi-demic so we can finally act on the call of ‘‘not one more.’’ 
f 
CRISES DEMAND ACTION (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, the Republicans in this House work aw-fully hard at doing nothing. We face many crises—crises that demand ac-tion. We have a crisis with regard to the Zika virus. We have a crisis in Flint, Michigan, where people have been poisoned by lead-contaminated water. We have a gun violence crisis in this country where massacres have be-come the new norm. What is the Republicans’ response? Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. The only concrete action they have taken is to adjourn the House so they can go on vacation. We shouldn’t be going on vacation until we do the peo-ple’s business. Shame on the Republican leadership for adjourning this House and not tak-ing up gun safety legislation, not ad-dressing the crisis in Flint, Michigan, and not funding the crisis regarding the Zika virus. The people of this coun-try deserve better. Mr. Speaker, I call on you to bring the House back, and let’s do our work. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, countless families and loved ones in my district are suf-fering as a result of the recent gun vio-lence that claimed the lives of 5 police officers and injured 11 more officers and civilians in Dallas. The ambush on the Dallas police was the deadliest in-cident for U.S. law enforcement since the September 11 attacks in our coun-try. Yet House Republicans are leaving Washington today, for a 52-day recess, without taking any action to address the gun violence epidemic that is hap-pening all across the Nation. The tragedy that occurred in my dis-trict, as well as the countless other shootings that we seldom hear about, begs the question: How many more in-nocent Americans will have to lose their lives before we act to put an end to gun violence? The answer, in my opinion, should be ‘‘none.’’ No more Americans should have to lose their lives. There are a number of proposals in Congress that are available today for the House Re-publicans to bring to the floor for a vote. This legislation is available now. Mr. Speaker, countless families and loved ones in my district are suffering as a result of the recent gun violence that claimed the lives of five police officers and injured eleven more officers and civilians in Dallas last week. This ambush on Dallas police was the deadliest in-cident for U.S. law enforcement since the Sep-tember 11th attacks. Yet, House Republicans are leaving Wash-ington today for a fifty-two day recess without taking any action to address the gun violence epidemic happening across our nation. The tragedy that occurred in my district, as well as the countless other shootings that we seldom hear about, begs the question of how many more innocent Americans will have to lose 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.091 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4988 July 14, 2016 
their lives before we act to put an end to gun violence. The answer, in my opinion, should be none. No more Americans should have to lose their lives. There are a number of proposals in Con-gress available today that House Republicans could bring to the floor for a vote. There is leg-islation available now to bolster the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. There is legislation available now to reinstate a federal ban on assault weapons. There is legislation available now to study the costs of gun violence. Yet, none of these bills have seen the light of day on the House floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Republican col-leagues to do the people’s bidding and work cooperatively with Democrats to pass mean-ingful and comprehensive gun reforms so that we can finally put an end to this senseless vi-olence. 
f 
POLITICS RATHER THAN POLICY (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, late Gov-ernor of Tennessee Ned McWherter used to say: If you don’t want to work, you shouldn’t hire out. Speaker R
YAN, if you don’t want to work, if your team doesn’t want to work, you shouldn’t have run for office and hired out. We are taking off for nearly 8 weeks of vacation when we should be here dealing with gun violence; when we should be dealing with the voting rights extension, which we have not done with elections coming up; when we should be dealing with the Zika virus, which threatens the health of our people; when we should be dealing with the Flint water crisis. We are leaving for 8 weeks of vacation. This Congress started 8 years ago with terrible political priorities. Rath-er than policy, it was politics. M
ITCH M
CCONNELL said their job was to see to it that Barack Obama didn’t get re-elected. What did we do this week? We had hearings about Hillary Clinton and emails. That is politics. We didn’t have questions of the U.S. Attorney General about voting rights or gun violence. If you don’t want to work, don’t hire out. Ned McWherter was right, Speaker R
YAN. You shouldn’t have come here without being willing to work. 
f 
GIVE US A VOTE (Mr. ENGEL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, do you re-member when you were kids in school, and there was this big chart, and you learned how a bill becomes a law? It told you that somebody proposes an idea, and if it gets a majority in com-mittee, it moves on. Then it gets to the floor of the House, and if it gets a ma-jority, it moves on to the other body. Then, if it gets a majority, it goes to the President’s desk, and the President signs it. Take that chart and throw it away because that is not what happens here. We can’t get a vote on the floor on gun control. We can’t get the people’s will listened to. Whether it is gun control or Flint, Michigan, or the Zika virus or anything, we can’t get a vote. All we are saying to the Republican leadership is to give us a vote—up or down, win or lose. The American people want to know where their legislators stand. This is a pressing issue. For us to ignore it is shameful and disgrace-ful. This young man, Seth Rich, was just murdered—a young man here who worked in politics. We owe it to his life, to his remembrance, and to all of the other victims of gun violence. We need an up-or-down vote on the floor of the House. f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. PERLMUTTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, 4 years ago next week, a guy dressed up as the Joker barged into a theater in Aurora, Colorado, and killed 12 and wounded about 58 others. One of those killed was a young sports reporter named Jessica Ghawi—4 years ago. Have we had one hearing on gun vio-lence? Have we had one vote on gun vi-olence in 4 years? No. The Republican majority has blocked every effort at just reasonable, sensible things like background checks, or, if you are a ter-rorist, you don’t get a gun. Have we had one vote? Have we had one hear-ing? No, but people are dying—5 offi-cers last week and 49 people in Orlando the month before that. We need a hearing. The Republican majority has taken off for 7 weeks. These things have to be addressed. We are not going away. The subject is not going away. It is time for a vote. It is time for a hearing. It is not time for a 7-week recess. Jessica Ghawi deserves more than that. 
f 
THE POWER IS IN THE PEOPLE (Mr. FARR asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I am embar-rassed that Congress is going home today for 2 months after having done nothing about this outrageous use of guns in America. We are going home because it is an election year. We have 2 months to be with our constituents. I hope that all constituents will ap-proach their elected officials and ask them, their Members of Congress, and particularly the Republicans who are holding up this vote: Are you going to vote on this in September when you come back? Are we going to enact these laws? Because, if they are not, you can withhold their vote. You have the power. The power is in the people. Let’s take back our country. Let’s ask every elected official, school board member, city council, and water board, which have jurisdiction over real es-tate: What have they done to enact gun legislation? California, which is the State I am from, has taken those actions: we have banned assault weapons; we require background checks; we have waiting periods before you can buy ammuni-tion. We have done more than any other State. Guess what? The courts have upheld this. We can do this. This is what elected officials are asked to do—to fix things that are broken and, particularly, in a crisis. You, the voter, take back this coun-try. Make your elected officials re-spond. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DONOVAN ). Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair and not to the viewing audience. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H. RES. 686 Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to be removed as a cosponsor of H. Res. 686. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
CONGRESS SOLVES PROBLEMS THAT LOCAL GOVERNMENT CAN-NOT (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, Members have been coming forth all afternoon, talking about the fact that our constituents are feeling great anx-iety. They feel and they look to Con-gress, and they think there are some issues here that we can deal with in our communities. We are going to be having some very serious and deep conversations about some of the concerns that we have, but there are a few issues that this House— the people’s House—needs to deal with while our constituents are dealing in their own houses with some of the con-cerns that are addressed by education, by poverty, by guns. There are too many guns in their communities. We have been hearing re-peatedly that we can close the gun show loophole here in Congress, in the people’s House, and we should. We can close the fact that there are people who can fly today who are on no-fly lists. We can change that in the people’s House. We have to get on this, and that is why it is discouraging when there is time—when there are hours and min-utes and days—that we are not working on these issues. People look to us. They want us to solve those problems that local government cannot solve alone. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.041 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4989 July 14, 2016 
DEMOCRATS WILL NOT BE SILENCED (Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, we have a long to-do list before you can leave for the summer recess: we have got to pass legislation to prevent gun violence; we have got to pass legisla-tion to fight the spread of Zika; we have got to pass legislation to address the Flint water crisis and to fund the opioid treatment plans. The clock is ticking—tick, tick, tick—and none of these will get done because you are getting ready for the longest summer recess in at least 60 years without ad-dressing the very pressing issues that Americans really care about. Republicans’ inaction will not pre-vent Democrats from reminding the en-tire American Republic that we have got to do the right thing. During the next 7 weeks, we will continue to de-mand a vote on commonsense measures to keep guns out of the hands of crimi-nals and terrorists. Hashtag, there are too many damned guns in America today. 
f 
b1600 CONGRATULATING TIMOTHY THEODORE DUNCAN (Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of so many young Afri-can American males who are fearful for their lives, who believe that America doesn’t realize the exemplary lives that they each live. I also rise to give an example of one African American male who gives the Virgin Islands tremendous pride today. I am here to honor Virgin Islands na-tive and the greatest power forward of all time, Timothy Theodore Duncan, on his retirement from the National Basketball Association. Throughout his storied 19-year ca-reer, Tim Duncan has won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award, five NBA championship titles, three NBA Final MVP awards, two NBA Most Valuable Player awards, and has earned the dis-tinction of all-time leading scorer for his San Antonio Spurs. The 15-time NBA All Star is an inspi-ration to many young Virgin Islanders and, indeed, Americans all over this country and is an integral figure in his own community for his efforts toward promoting interscholastic athletics and education. He is an exemplary gen-tleman, unselfish on and off the court. The Virgin Islands community thanks him for his 19-year career in the NBA. We want to show him as an ex-ample of what can happen if one indi-vidual like himself can be on a street safely here in the United States, the great things that they can do. THANKING MY CONGRESSIONAL STAFF The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from New York (Mr. GIBSON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to my hard-working staff. Over the past 6 years, I have had the honor and privilege to serve in this House of Representatives. At the end of this term, my time of service as a Member in this body will come to a close, as I honor my self-imposed term- limit pledge. As I reflect on my congressional serv-ice, there has been a constant through-out this time. The first is my wonder-ful family. And the second is my in-credible, selfless staff who have worked with me to serve the good people of our district. We have a saying in our office, that we only hire people who love people. This may sound simple, but it is amaz-ing, the difference it can make when you have a team of people dedicated to helping others. Every day, they exhibit compassion, kindness, patience, and really take the time to listen to our constituents. For some of my staff, that was their first job out of college. More than a few started as an intern with us. For oth-ers, this job was a return from retire-ment, yet another chapter in a lifetime of service to this great Nation. So many of our staff have stayed the entire 6 years, a loyalty for which I am deeply grateful. And those who have moved on have continued to excel, with achievements of which I am very proud. A couple are now on their well- deserved retirement. When we close out our term, my team will have left a legacy of real, meaningful service to the people of New York and to this Nation. Their ac-complishments are far too numerous to name, but I just want to highlight a very small sampling of the work they have accomplished. Here in the House, we have been part of the effort to ensure our Armed Forces, our servicemen and -women, have the resources and support they need for the missions we ask of them. We have fought tireless battles to help all of our veterans, including our Blue Water Navy veterans who have been left out of Agent Orange coverage. We have helped improve mental health care and made significant progress combating the scourge of opi-ate addiction that is devastating our communities. We have helped both our family farms and our small businesses and improved health care for seniors. We passed the first bill that address-es Lyme disease and other tickborne illnesses. And we fought to empower students and teachers and to ensure our students weren’t burdened with on-erous, high-stakes testing in our schools. Mr. Speaker, in our district, when we were hit with the devastating storms— Hurricanes Irene, Lee, and Sandy—my staff joined me on the front lines, from helping residents in the immediate aftermath of the storms to ensuring they received the assistance they need-ed to recover over the following years. We were committed to ensuring every community came back stronger than they were the day before the storm. And we have continued other efforts. We have helped expand broadband ac-cess, and we have helped with con-servation efforts. We have helped fix our roads and bridges and advocated for a countless number of grants to be awarded to our local businesses, non-profits, fire departments, and the like. My staff has also completed over 7,000 cases for my constituents. Mr. Speaker, I can tell you we have had so many constituents come up to my wife, Mary Jo, and I and tell us about the work that our staff has done that, in many cases, helped change their lives. They are exceptional people, one and all. They are model public servants. I want to close with reading their names into our C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD for this day so that they get a small piece of the recognition they so richly de-serve. Before I do, Mr. Speaker, I also want to say thank you to each and every one of them and their families. Our com-munities are strong and our Nation is better because of their service. Mr. Speaker, the members of Team Gibson, in alphabetical order: Robert Allard; Allison Argust; Sergeant First Class Dennis Bartow, U.S. Army Na-tional Guard; Katherine Better; Jeffrey Bishop; Steven Bulger, my district di-rector; Paula Brown; Sergeant First Class (Retired) George Christian, U.S. Army National Guard; Nicholas Czajka; Sergeant First Class (Retired) Kathy Fallon, U.S. Army National Guard; Todd Felter; Remy Fortin; Brad Gentile; Nathan Gil; William Gonzales, New York State Trooper, retired; James Haggerty, United States Marine Corps, Korean war; Ridge Harris; Patri-cia Hohmann; Colonel Stephen Ledbetter, U.S. Army; Joseph Levi, a wounded Army combat veteran; Shay Mason; Major Patrick McGuigan, U.S. Army; Ann Mueller; Padraic O’Brien, now a New York State Trooper; Lieu-tenant Colonel Curt Owens, United States Army Reserves; Barbara Palm-er; Megan Paulsen; Corinne Boughton Penston; Duane Postupak; Patricia Raucci; Peter Ryan; Brian Scarlett; Major Matthew Schardt, U.S. Army; Christine Schiff; Rebecca Shaw; Mat-thew Sheehey; Steven Stallmer; Theo-dore Stephan; Major Ricardo Turner, U.S. Army; Stephanie Valle, my chief of staff; Carol Waller; Mark Westcott; Anthony Zampelli; and Patrick Zie-gler. May God bless them all. I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.094 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4990 July 14, 2016 
ISSUES OF THE WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for the re-mainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my dear friend from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
IN MEMORY OF SHARON RUNNER  
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Texas (Mr. G
OH-
MERT ) for so graciously allowing me the time here today. Indeed, it is a timely moment, and I want to share it with the American people. Indeed, it has been a difficult week for California and for the leadership of women who we have seen come forward in our State over recent years, espe-cially in the political arena. My colleague Representative M
IMI W
ALTERS from southern California ear-lier this week paid tribute to Marian Bergeson, a great political leader in our State in her time who we lost sev-eral days ago. Well, now we have lost another gem, and that is Sharon Oden Runner. I learned of her passing this morning. She underwent, some years ago, a very, very daring and amazing lung transplant to overcome the condition she had. She fought hard all these years and did quite well with that until recent times. So this tribute today to her is for her, her family, and that memory. Sharon and I came up together in the California State Legislature. Back in 2002, we both won terms in the State Assembly. She was just a good pal right out of the chute there. As new freshman members, we were getting to know our way around Sac-ramento and the State legislative proc-ess. Several of the freshman bonded. There was a pack of us guys and Shar-on, you know, because there are a lot more guys in politics, it seems. So Sharon, being just a few years older than the rest of us guys, she kind of seemed like the one that was keep-ing us a little more in line as we would go about doing our business in the State legislature, cutting up a little bit here and there once in a while amidst the seriousness or at the events you do around town at night meeting other people and such. So I soon dubbed her ‘‘Ma Runner,’’ lovingly and affectionately, and she took that okay. And she was the one who would say, You boys, now, you stay in line here, okay? But we all had a lot of fun together and worked hard together and fought the battles together in the California legislative process. It was really fun to see her ascend. When our current majority leader here, K
EVIN MCCARTHY , became our assembly leader there, Sharon ascended right there beside him as the assistant leader for the Republicans as well. And she really did well in that role and was ef-fective and just really good to get along with and made sure that all the members had what they needed in order to do well. Sharon’s spirit was one of always being so positive, reaching out to ev-erybody. She worked to get more women elected to the legislature as well. And she was one with very strong moral convictions as well, to make sure that her faith in God was some-thing that she brought forward with her policy and was something that wasn’t very far away in how she con-ducted herself and for her family and for those that she came into contact with. So we had that opportunity to serve 6 years together in the State Assembly. And then, with term limits being what they are, we soon met up again in that legislative role over on the California State Senate side. Now, at that point, Sharon was again struggling with her lung battles there and got that amazing lung transplant, that life that was given to her by a donor that she carried forward for these years until finally the issues be-came too complex. And, again, we lost her this morning. So our hearts do go out to George, Micah, Bekah, all of her friends, all of her extended family. Those who had a chance to know her and were touched and graced by her, we are better for it. We know that we will always cherish the memories. George and Sharon had a unique time together as the first husband-wife team in the California State Legislature. He was in the Senate for a while, and she was in the Assembly. A lot of history was made by them through measures they were able to put on the ballot, the things they always fought for morally and policy-wise. They will always be remembered as working together. Now, as George soldiers on, our hearts are with you. We wish you God’s strength and peace and only the sweet-est memories to your whole family. We remember Sharon today. God bless her, and God bless her memory. b1615 Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I do so much appreciate my friend, DOUG L
AMALFA , a very touching tribute to what is obviously just a wonderful indi-vidual that we will be missing. For some time now the Democrats have been doing 1-minute speeches. On the last day we vote during the week, we are allowed to have unlimited 1- minute speeches, and for—I don’t know—2 or 3 hours, my friends across the aisle have been doing 1-minute speeches, and I am so pleased that they are doing that. I think that is terrific. That is so much better than taking away the civil rights of people who have the right to assemble on the floor, to have sessions, to vote on bills, to de-bate bills because the previous viola-tions of the rules by my friends across the aisle were just unprecedented. I would like to commend our Speaker for this aspect, comparing what he did and did not do today compared to what Speaker PELOSI did the last day of our session in July of 2008 because today I know leadership and staff saw the mas-sive number of Democrats assembled to give speeches here, and the rule allows for that. There was no effort to shut down debate, gavel us out early, but that is exactly what Speaker N
ANCY  P
ELOSI did in July of 2008. We had assembled a group. It may not have been quite as big as the Democrats had today, but we had a group over here, and under the rules at that time, they were 5-minute speech-es, which could still be done, but they chose 1-minutes. We signed up for 5- minute speeches. When the Speaker N
ANCY PELOSI saw a number of Repub-licans, appropriately under the rule, here in order, signed up. We weren’t just sitting there. We had signed up and were sitting in order as we are sup-posed to. She immediately gaveled down the proceeding early, violated the rule that allowed us to speak in the order, just as the Democrats did today, and this is the way it is supposed to be. Yet, earlier this month we had our friends across the aisle—and I haven’t seen this written up much, but they took positions at their microphones and at the Republican microphones. We tried to go into session, and we even had Democrats not only sitting where Republicans were supposed to be seated on the Republican side, we had them grasp microphones to prevent Repub-licans from being able to be recognized. Finally, in the wee hours, we had the Speaker recognize a Republican chair-man. He couldn’t get a microphone. He is standing over here. Why? Because of the violation of the rules as the Demo-crats tried—not just tried. They were preventing Republicans from exer-cising their civil rights under Jeffer-son’s rules of the House, under congres-sional rules, and our constituents had a right to be heard, just as our friends across the aisle had a right to be heard today. Now, in those 1-minute speeches, the massive array we heard this afternoon, there were a few common themes, and I think that is wonderful. Football is my favorite sport. I enjoyed it in junior high, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12th grade, en-joyed every year of it. It is such a team sport. We saw a team acting in concert, working together. They all had their talking points. They all hit them and hit them hard. Some were very unfair, but they, from their standpoint, were acting as a team. But for one thing, they kept using the term ‘‘vacation,’’ that the House is going on vacation. One said a month vacation, I think, but I know I heard one say 7-week vaca-tion, another one said 8-week vacation. They weren’t all together on how long they were attributing to be vacation. I have told some of my friends at FOX News and different news com-mentators that when you criticize the month of August, that is traditionally, as I understand it—going back to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.096 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4991 July 14, 2016 
early days of Congress, that has been a month when traditionally Congress has not been in session. That is why I love September. In July I remember the disastrous bill, when John Boehner was Speaker, had the supercommittee, the seques-ters that were going to gut our mili-tary. I will never forget it, after I was rather upset that that bill was going to gut our military, our Speaker said: Lis-ten to me. Listen to me, those seques-ters will never happen. Well, I knew they would. I said they would. But we passed some bad stuff in July in prior years. I think we have done much better this year. As far as this ‘‘vacation,’’ I am in-trigued to know that that is what the Democrats are going to do with the time we are not in session, one 8-week vacation, as one of my colleagues across the aisle said. Eight-week vaca-tion, that is what they think it is when we are not in session. But from my standpoint—and I am looking at my friend, D
OUGLAMALFA , over here. I know from his impression and other people that I work with on this side of the aisle every day that we don’t consider not being in session a vacation. August, man, that is a great opportunity to hear from your con-stituents. I know we have at least one field hearing. I was requested to come meet again with some of the Egyptian leadership, and I have been urged to go visit with some of our friends in Israel again. I don’t know if I will make that. This is a terrific time to get away from the inside-the-beltway thinking. It is only when you get away from the inside-the-beltway thinking that so many Congresses have gotten addicted to that you hear from real common sense. Back home, it is common sense. Inside the beltway, it is sense because it is certainly not common. It is a great time when we are in re-cess to reassess in the recess, and Sep-tember ends up being a good month. We don’t normally pass terrible bills in September. It has happened, but nor-mally when people come back after having to visit—because we are not in session, people know we are not in ses-sion. When they hear from constituents during the month of August, they are much more ready in September to do what we should have been doing. So I know my friends across the aisle, they have their talking points, going on this big vacation. They con-sider it a vacation. We consider it an incredible opportunity to clear our heads, to get this inside-the-beltway thinking out of our heads, hear from our constituents, have some field hear-ings in different places in the country. I find it helpful. Last year, the last week of August, I was invited to meet with President Sisi in Egypt and the Coptic Christian Pope, meet with him again. I was told at the time that I was the only Member of Congress—I don’t know if it is still true—who had been allowed to meet with the Director of Egyptian Intel-ligence. Anyway, I don’t know if I will be able to get back there or not during this recess, but it was incredibly in-valuable. I came away from that meeting in Egypt determined to do anything I could to stop the Iranian treaty that was not only going to devastate the Middle East, that was already starting to spark nuclear proliferation, because all of our former allies, before this President got ahold of them, they were saying: Wow, we can’t count on the United States anymore. Iran’s going to have nuclear weapons. That is what this has made sure. So we have to start figuring out what we are going to do to get nuclear weapons for ourselves. The worst possible result. The Iran treaty is a treaty. It was a treaty, it is a treaty, and that has be-come even more clear as Iran has vio-lated so many aspects of the Iranian treaty. Unfortunately, the Senate re-fused to recognize that it was a treaty. They considered the fine Senator C
ORKER ’s bill that actually turned the Constitution upside down and allowed a treaty to proceed as if it were effec-tive and had been ratified with only a third of the Senate voting to ratify it instead of the two-thirds that the Con-stitution requires. It was that visit in Egypt with their top officials that just clarified in my head that we have to stop the Iranian treaty for the good of the United States, for the good of the Middle East, for the good of our allies, our Muslim allies in North Africa and the Middle East, and for our dear friends in Israel. But so far it hasn’t happened, and Western civilization and the advances we know are more threatened than pre-viously. The second talking point that we heard repeatedly from our friends across the aisle during so many of the 1-minute speeches was the talk about we are leaving here without doing a thing about the Zika virus. I don’t fault anybody who has been standing up here and repeating the talking point that we haven’t done anything about the Zika virus, we haven’t done any-thing about the Zika virus, because there are so many bills that get brought to the floor. There are so many amendments, so many things, it is just virtually impos-sible to get through them all. I read as many as I can. Some people have told me I am probably reading more bills than most people, but you just can’t get through them all. There is this mentality that if we are in session, we have to be passing bills. Any day we are in session, we have to be passing the bills. Talking to people who were here be-fore, they said it wasn’t always like that; that you could have hearings, you could have investigations, you could have a lot of meaningful things going on without people being forced to come over here and vote. But that is the mentality now. Whether it is Demo-crats in the majority, Republicans in the majority, gee, if we are in session, we have to vote on stuff. So with that understanding, it’s easy to understand how so many Democrats had missed and didn’t realize that, ac-tually, we did vote. Not only did we vote to address the Zika virus, we voted to appropriate $1.1 billion toward dealing with a potential Zika virus pandemic. So for research, for vaccine, for all of these things. So I don’t fault anybody. I know no-body would have come down here and said we didn’t do anything about the Zika virus, intending to mislead. They just didn’t remember that we did vote to spend $1.1 billion dealing with that issue. Also, probably the most frequently mentioned thing during the last 2 or 3 hours of speeches by my friends across the aisle was regarding guns and gun violence. One of the nicest guys in Con-gress even used a quote from somebody else in saying that Republicans are ‘‘frozen in their own indifference.’’ Now, that is deeply troubling. I don’t know a single Republican who is indif-ferent to gun violence. b1630 It is just that we look at Chicago, we look at Washington, D.C., we look at where the most murders are occurring in the country, where more Black lives that matter are taken, and we look at those places and we see whatever they are doing about gun violence, it is the wrong thing, because they have an epi-demic of gun violence. What are they doing? Oh, wow; they are the most restric-tive cities regarding gun violence in the country. Now, in my home State, dear Dallas is still mourning the loss of five pre-cious lives of law enforcement officers needlessly, senselessly taken by an evil that was encouraged by chants and songs repeated over and over and over talking about police as pigs in a blan-ket, fry them like bacon, encouraging the devastation and murder of police officers. Well, in Texas, that is a cap-ital murder. And we do use capital pun-ishment. So it is not that Republicans are fro-zen in our indifference. It is just that we look at the kind of gun laws that have been posed and pushed by our friends across the aisle and we see that the places that their laws have been enacted by Democratic leadership in those cities, with massive deaths, espe-cially of the precious Black lives that matter; but they don’t want to talk about those. You don’t have to look too far to see what has been going on. It is offensive to those of us who are not frozen in our indifference on gun violence. We want it stopped. When you get beyond the pejoratives that are being muttered on this floor against Republicans and you start looking at what the actual news is so you can learn what would be the best 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.097 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4992 July 14, 2016 
way to deal with gun violence, you see this article today from National Re-view: ‘‘Federal Agencies Can’t Keep Track of Their Own Guns.’’ The article says: ‘‘The federal government needs to crack down on guns. Its own stockpile, anyway. The Washington Examiner re-ports: The federal government has spent $1.5 million on guns and ammo since 2006, and lost nearly 1,000 weap-ons along the way, including Uzis, as-sault rifles, and grenade launchers, ac-cording to the House Oversight Com-mittee chairman. ‘‘In a hearing to urge tightened con-trol of weapons, Representative J
ASON  C
HAFFETZ , chair of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said, ‘The loss of a single firearm is cause for concern—the loss of what amounts to roughly five a month is un-acceptable.’ ‘‘These guns were acquired by the De-partment of Homeland Security, the Bureau of Land Management, and the Federal Bureau of Prisons, for use by their agents. Inventory is managed by the General Services Administration, the agency tasked with managing the affairs of other federal agencies. It’s important for certain federal agents to be armed if their job requires it. But it’s also important for the federal gov-ernment to keep track of its expensive supplies, especially when those sup-plies have destructive potential. And these aren’t your run-of-the-mill weap-ons. Uzis, grenade launchers, the ever- nebulous assault rifles: plenty of fire-power for agents who have dangerous jobs. They simply vanished, at an alarming clip: 1,000 guns lost over the last 10 years come out to just under two per week. So sure, maybe it is easi-er to get a Glock than a book’’—al-though, that is simply not true—‘‘but only if you’re neighbors with the local branch of the Department of Homeland Security.’’ This article—and it is not even a re-cent article—in the Washington Exam-iner by Paul Bedard says: ‘‘Gun pros-ecutions under Obama down more than 45 percent.’’ I haven’t been able to find anything that indicates differently; that they have stepped up prosecution. My under-standing is they continue to decline, but they are at least much lower than they were under President Bush. This article says: ‘‘Despite his calls for greater gun control, including a new assault weap-ons ban that extends to handguns, President Obama’s administration has turned away from enforcing gun laws, cutting weapons prosecutions some 40 percent since a high of about 11,000 under former President Bush. ‘‘‘If you are not going to enforce the laws on the books, then don’t start talking about a whole new wave of new laws,’ said a gun rights advocate. ‘‘In the wake of the horrific mass killing at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, Democratic lawmakers have begun pre-paring a new collection of anti-gun laws, including renewing the assault weapons ban, banning the purchase of high-capacity clips that spring bullets into guns, and tightening rules on who can buy weapons.’’ The thing is this administration was given a heads up twice over the older Tsarnaev. He has been radicalized. But because of the purge of the training material that the FBI has experi-enced—Michele Bachmann and I and LYNN WESTMORELAND —and T RENT was there for a while—we were going through the materials that had been purged. It was ridiculous, what they classi-fied them. So we couldn’t tell you, Mr. Speaker, exactly the things. Some were silly cartoons and things. But speaking hypothetically, you had verses from the Koran. Actually, there were verses from the Koran that were eliminated. They were found to be troubling to the people that were purging the materials. And who does this administration look to? They look to CAIR, the Council on American Islamic Relations. They look to Imam Majid, former head of the Is-lamic Society of North America. They look at a number of groups and individ-uals who were listed as coconspirators in the largest prosecution of support for terrorism in the United States his-tory. The prosecution got guilty ver-dicts in, I believe, November 2008, and we changed Presidents, and Eric Holder came in as the new Attorney General; and instead of going after those listed coconspirators that both the Fifth Cir-cuit Court of Appeals and the district court had said there is plenty of evi-dence to support their being named as coconspirators, they didn’t go after them. They dropped it. They let it go. Those are the people that are advis-ing this administration about what to purge out of the training materials for the CIA, the intelligence, the State De-partment, Homeland Security, the Jus-tice Department. Our folks don’t know what they are looking for when they are told to go find out if somebody has been radicalized. Twice, at least, the Or-lando shooter was brought to the at-tention of the FBI. These are caring, well-informed law officers, except when it comes to radical Islam, because you have CAIR and others making sure they don’t know what to look for when they are looking for radicalized Islamic terrorists. If materials weren’t purged, if people who had dedicated their lives to study-ing radical Islam who are not actually Muslims themselves, if they were al-lowed to train as they once were and educate and help our officers of the Federal Government know what to look for to find a radicalized Islamic terrorist, then the Boston bombing would not have happened, the Orlando shooting would not have happened, the San Bernardino killings would have not happened. This administration has done grave danger, grave harm to this country. Yet, it is like the ‘‘Wizard of Oz.’’ Don’t look at what is going on behind the curtain. Look at this shiny object, the gun. Oh, they used a pressure cook-er. Well, never mind. Still, let’s talk about the gun. Well, if we are going to be honest and you feel like whatever a radical Islamist used to kill people, that is what we are going to talk about. We are not going to talk about radical Islam. By the way, for my Democratic friends who called me a racist because I said the Orlando shooter was a rad-ical Islamist, that he had pledged alle-giance to the Islamic State, we learn when people point out mistakes we have made. But Islam is not a race. So it makes no sense to call me a racist, as my friends across the aisle did when I pointed out that the Orlando shooter pledged allegiance to the Islamic State. They were thinking that that meant a race. And it is not a race. It is a religion. For a radical Islamist, it is really the makings of a theocracy. Then, this article from today by Neil Munro out of Breitbart says: ‘‘Obama’s Flack Claims Credit for Dallas Policing As Murders Spike 40 Percent.’’ I have been so impressed with the Dallas police chief. The things he said, the way he has comported is exactly the way I would hope a police chief under such a terrible situation would comport himself. But this is a real story because he has been utilizing President Obama’s practices for polic-ing. As this article points out: ‘‘President Barack Obama’s preferred policing practices deserve the credit for changing the crime rate in Dallas, his spokesman says. But spokesman Josh Earnest does not seem to be aware the city’s’’—Dallas’—‘‘murder rate has climbed 40 percent this year as Obama’s preferred policing practices were implemented.’’ Some of the 2016 dead in Dallas had their pictures in this article. The article goes on and says: ‘‘The spokesman’s July 13 statement came in response to a reporter asking a question about the value of the polic-ing changes that Obama is pressuring state and local police forces to adopt. ‘This latest tragedy, the murder of the five cops, took place in a community, Dallas, that the White House actually touted for having done a good job im-plementing new policing rules? I mean, doesn’t that suggest that they’re either ineffective or insufficient to prevent these kinds of things from happening?’ asked the reporter. ‘‘The police ‘reforms that have been put in place in Dallas have made a dif-ference.’’’ The reforms that have been put in place in Dallas that have made a dif-ference is a quote from Josh Earnest, the spokesman for the President. He goes on and says: ‘‘‘That is a reflection of why it’s im-portant for other communities to make this issue a priority in the same way 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:42 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.099 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4993 July 14, 2016 
that Dallas has. It’s making a dif-ference in the lives and the people in Dallas, because it’s not just those inci-dents of concern about police conduct that have declined; the violent crime rates declined, too.’’’ That is from Josh Earnest. The story goes on. Now that we have finished Josh Earnest’s ignorance of what really happened in Texas, in Dal-las, the article says: ‘‘Actually, violent crime is up across the board in Obama’s model city of Dallas. According to The Dallas Morn-ing News, 67 people were murdered in the first five months of 2016, compared to 48 in the first five months of 2015. Also, robbery is up from 1,576 to 1,805, and aggravated assault is up from 1,501 incidents to 1,747 incidents. The rel-atively good news is that sexual as-sault nudged down from 336 incidents in 2015 to 312 incidents in 2016. b1645 ‘‘The 2016 spike comes after the mur-der rate jumped almost 17 percent in 2015, bringing the city’s death toll up to 136 dead for 2015. The 2016 crime spike is so large that the city’s now fa-mous police chief, David Brown, has faced pressure to resign. ‘‘‘Chief Brown’s Career Has Lived By Crime Stats, and It Will Die By Crime Stats,’ said a March headline in the Dallas Observer. According to a March 28 report in the Dallas Morning News, Dallas Police Chief David Brown’s plan to fight a drastic rise in violent crime—including a nearly 75 percent jump in murders—by moving hundreds of officers to different shifts and on to task forces is creating an uproar with-in his department. ‘‘The Black Police Association has historically been supportive of Brown but called for his resignation Monday hours before the group met with the three other police associations. ‘‘Council member Philip Kingston ex-pressed concern Monday about Brown’s plans. ‘None of what you’ve presented here today is sustainable,’ Kingston said.’’ Anyway, it goes on to discuss this. But I am very impressed with the Dallas police chief. I think he has com-ported himself admirably under such horrendous circumstances and while going through such grief, losing five of his first-responding law officers. But people need to know that the kind of things that were being urged by my friends across the aisle, that Obama believes are going to make a big difference, well, they made a dif-ference. Murders are up 40 percent now in Dallas since they followed the Obama rules for policing. Very, very tragic. I appreciated Dallas Police Chief David Brown’s statement when he chal-lenged Black Lives Matter. ‘‘During a press conference Monday, Brown issued a challenge to Black Lives Matter protesters demanding change around policing in their com-munities. ‘We’re hiring. Get off that protest line and put an application in. We’ll put you in your neighborhood, and we’ll help you resolve some of the problems you’re protesting about.’’’ Apparently, according to this article by Katie Pavlich, Brown grew up in the inner city and decided to become a po-lice officer during the national crack cocaine epidemic. He saw a problem in his community, and he wanted to fix it. Decades later, he is in charge of one the most successful police departments in the country—that is, of course, be-fore he started following the Obama ad-ministration’s suggestions for effective policing in America. Another problem that is rather dra-matic—we feel it in Texas, but we are not alone. It is a problem across the country, illustrated in this article by Bob Price from July 5, ‘‘200,000 Crimi-nal Aliens Booked Into Texas Jails Over Past 5 Years, Says Department of Public Safety.’’ ‘‘Nearly 200,000 criminal aliens have been booked into local Texas jails over the past 5 years. Those numbers in-cluded more than 155,000 criminal ille-gal aliens.’’ Just shocking. So this administration has lost— well, I guess it goes back to 2006. So most of the 1,000 weapons were lost during this administration’s term, some of them on Bush’s watch. But the 2,000 or so weapons—that we know have already killed at least one Federal agent—that were forced by this admin-istration—and someday it is all going to come out. Fast and Furious is all going to be exposed at some point, and this administration is going to fall fur-ther in the estimation of its effective-ness. We are already seeing things like, oh, here are our policing rules; they follow them; murder rates go up. Violent crime seems to go up, nearly all of it. The border is porous. We have people pouring into the country. The Islamic State has made clear they are making use of our porous border and our will-ingness to harm ourselves by bringing in refugees that will include Islamic State terrorists. I think we need to take them seriously. This article from June 28 from James Carafano says: ‘‘Flash back 3 years ago, and remem-ber when the Secretary of Homeland Security declared ‘the border has never been stronger.’ Well, if what is going on at America’s border with Mexico is a success, Americans should shudder to think what failure looks like. ‘‘Unaccompanied children crossing the border is up over 70 percent this year. Other categories and overall numbers are on the rise as well, reflect-ing significant increases since 2014. And it is not just the numbers that are troubling to Americans. They are wor-ried about national security threats on the southern border. ‘‘The groups are not just drug ma-fias—they smuggle, steal, hijack, rob, or kill (anything that makes a profit). And it is not just an American prob-lem. By some estimates, since 2007, the cartels are responsible for over 100,000 deaths.’’ And this is something that a number of my Republican friends, especially all of us from Texas, were having meetings about off the record with the Director of Homeland Security and the White House, demanding that President Bush do a better job of securing our border. And they were actually making progress up through 2008. Then along came a new President. And they keep telling us, like this quote, the border has never been stronger. But the true facts belie that. We have diseases popping up where they shouldn’t in places where immi-grants who have come in illegally have come. And then, if that is not bad enough, this report from The Federalist: ‘‘U.S. Negligence is Feeding ISIS’ Global Ap-peal.’’ And it goes on and documents in the article here just how bad neg-ligence in this administration has be-come. I couldn’t agree more with one of the later paragraphs and the subtitle: ‘‘Weakness Invites Aggression. Muslim extremists around the world see that the American Government and much of American society do not take this threat’’—radical Islam—‘‘seriously.’’ Parenthetically, they talk about guns, guns, guns and won’t look at the person carrying or using the gun. The article says: ‘‘ . . . and can’t or won’t admit its theological origins. Rather than feeling on the run, ISIS and the men it inspires to jihad must feel emboldened by this. ‘‘The Left continually insists, as Muslim Advocates President Farhana Khera did at least week’s Senate hear-ing, that by talking about Islam in any capacity when discussing terrorism, we are playing into ISIS’ hands. The argu-ment is that groups like ISIS and al- Qaeda want nothing more than for the West and moderate Muslims to attack Islam. To what end isn’t clear. ‘‘Al-Qaeda may be frustrated it can’t get the West to believe its motives— last week it released a special edition of their magazine, Inspire’’—this is Al Qaeda—‘‘in which it called on jihadists to ‘avoid targeting places and crowds where minorities are generally found’ so their religious motives for the ter-rorist attack will be believed. But this isn’t because al-Qaeda wants to insti-gate animosity between Muslims and the West. It’s doing that by inspiring jihad. It simply wants the West,’’ espe-cially those of us in the United States, ‘‘to believe al-Qaeda is fighting a holy war.’’ They believe they are fighting a holy war. ‘‘After the Paris nightclub attacks in November, Kerry vaguely described ISIS’ motives, arguing that while the Charlie Hebdo attacks ‘perhaps’ had a ‘legitimacy’ or ‘rationale that you could attach yourself to,’ indicating that murder is an appropriate reaction to insulting Mohammed, the November attacks were ‘absolutely indiscrimi-nate.’’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:46 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.100 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4994 July 14, 2016 
Well, this administration, they do not understand the importance of se-curing the border. They don’t under-stand, if they are going to avoid being complete hypocrites, that if you are going to outlaw whatever gun a radical Islamist uses to terrorize and kill Americans, if you are going to outlaw those, then next you have to file the bill that makes the possession or pur-chase of a pressure cooker illegal. And we really need to go back to 9/11; they used box cutters. Because if we are going to totally continue in this mode of refusing to recognize the problem with the mur-derer, the Islamic terrorist murderer, and look at only whatever weapon that murderer is using, then we are going to have to keep banning things. I am sure machetes, like were used to kill hun-dreds of thousands of people in Rwan-da, we will have to outlaw them at some point. It will go on and on as long as we continue to ignore the true threat here to American lives in rad-ical Islam. And I know it sounds good. ‘‘No fly, no buy,’’ that is clever. That is cute. But then when you have the Attorney General in front of your committee and you are wanting to know, what do you use to decide who is on the no-fly list, you can’t get answers from the prior Attorney General, you can’t get an-swers from the administration. They won’t tell you. But they want Americans to get be-hind this movement to allow a bureau-crat, unelected, behind the scenes—we don’t even know who is doing it—to make a list of people they don’t want to have guns. Maybe we could get Lois Lerner over there to help. I am sure a lot of people would love that. Make a list of who you don’t want to have guns. Unfortunately, we have seen the numbers that indicate most of the peo-ple on the no-fly list are people this ad-ministration should not have let into the country. If we are going to do something about the murderers, let’s get serious about it. Let’s address radical Islam. Let’s secure our border. Let’s start en-forcing the gun laws we have. And let’s allow the FBI to be trained to recognize what a radical Islamist be-lieves, what they are reading, what they are doing, who they are following online, what mosque they are going to where more people are radicalized. Those are important things. And until this administration allows that to hap-pen, we are going to keep losing pre-cious American lives. It has to stop. And if it is not guns, it is pressure cookers, box cutters, ma-chetes, underwear bombs. We find out, you know, these terrorists, these rad-ical Islamists, they have learned how to make bombs. And on top of all of that, we have the President determined to release as many people who want to kill Ameri-cans as he possibly can out of Guanta-namo Bay. Under the rules of war for civilized societies, when someone de-clares war on your country and you capture any of their warriors, you hold on to them, in civilized society, until such time as their friends and allies say we are no longer at war. Then you let them go. And if their friends and allies keep fighting for 30 years, you hold on to them for 30 years, and then maybe they can help persuade them to stop fight-ing. But you don’t let warriors go while the war is still going on. Because, as we have seen—and it was repugnant to me to have a spokesman for this administration say, basically, well, we can’t say that people we have released from Guantanamo have killed Americans, but I guess we could say, in essence, that people we have released— well, that Americans would not be dead if we hadn’t released certain people from Guantanamo. b1700 My word, let’s quit playing the games and quit releasing people who want to kill Americans, who are at war with us, who were at war with us when they were captured, and whose friends are still at war with us. Let’s hold them at Guantanamo until their friends say, ‘‘We are no longer at war.’’ Then they can be released, unless they have committed war crimes. If they have, then at that point we will try them for those crimes like Nurem-berg. That is what a civilized society does. You don’t release warriors to go kill more Americans while the war is going on. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the mi-nority leader. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, this is the last hour that Congress will meet before the 7-week recess that the Re-publicans scheduled for today. We are going to devote this last hour to focus on an issue incredibly important to the communities of the people we rep-resent and to this country, and that is the issue of gun violence. As you may recall, Mr. Speaker, we had a sit-in where we came to the House floor to protest the congres-sional inaction in moving forward on sensible gun safety legislation, to bring attention, to break through this log-jam and force our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to bring these bills to the floor for an up-or-down vote. We tried motions to recommit and ef-forts to add these pieces of legislation to bills that were moving as amend-ments and every mechanism we could to try to force some action because the American people are demanding ac-tion—asking—demanding that we do something in the face of the epidemic of gun violence in this country. We talk a lot about gun violence, but I think it is important to recognize this is a uniquely American problem. We kill each other in this country with guns 297 times more than Japan, 49 times more than France, and 33 times more than Israel, just to give you some comparisons. Every day, 297 people in America are shot with a gun, and each day, 89 of these people die. On average, 31 Americans are murdered with guns every day, and 151 are treated for gun assault in an emergency room. Thirty thousand Americans die every year at the hands of a gun, and the United States firearm homicide rate is 20 times higher than the combined rates of 22 countries that are our peers in wealth and population. So it is impor-tant, as we make this final plea, to un-derstand that this epidemic of gun vio-lence is a uniquely American problem. We just marked, the day before yes-terday, the 1-month anniversary of the assault in Orlando at the Pulse night-club that took the lives of 49 young people. We just marked the horrific oc-currence in Dallas that took the lives of five American heroes, Dallas police officers. It feels like every day there is another mass shooting or a gun trag-edy that we hear about and read about in this country. What we ask the Republican House leadership is to bring two bills to the floor. There are, I think, 217 bills in total that will respond to gun violence in a variety of different ways, but we said let’s start with the easy pieces of legislation, legislation that is widely supported by the American people that will make a real difference in reducing gun violence in this country and keep-ing guns out of the hands of people who shouldn’t have them—that is, universal background checks to make sure that someone doesn’t get a gun who is not permitted to have a gun under our laws, and keeping them out of the hands of domestic abusers, criminals, and suspected terrorists. The second one is the no fly, no buy. It says, look, if you are on a terrorist watch list and we have determined you are too dangerous to get on an air-plane, then you are certainly too dan-gerous to go into a gun store and buy any gun you want. So those two pieces of legislation, which are really common sense, would be an important first step to dem-onstrate to the American people that we understand our responsibility to take some action to reduce gun vio-lence in this country and to keep guns out of the hands of people who should not have them. Rather than taking up those bills, re-grettably, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle adjourned, and they went flying out that door so they could go home and enjoy a holiday in the summer with their family and friends without ever taking up a single piece of legislation to address gun violence. We tried in every way to say to our colleagues: Bring these bills to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.102 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4995 July 14, 2016 
floor for a vote. If you don’t support them, make your arguments against them. Let the American people hear you defend that we shouldn’t have uni-versal background checks and that it is okay for someone on the terrorist watch list to buy a gun. But come to the floor, make your argument, and vote. That is what we get sent here to do. Give us a vote. Instead, they went out that door, and by doing so, by failing to act, they dis-honored the memory of the thousands and thousands of Americans who have lost their lives to gun violence. Mr. and Mrs. Wright, Maria and Fred Wright, were here the day before yes-terday on the 1-month anniversary of Orlando. They came to the Capitol rather than spending time at home continuing to grieve about the murder of their son, Jerald, at the Pulse night-club. They came here to talk to Mem-bers of Congress. They wrote an op-ed that was published on the day of their visit to Washington. They said: ‘‘While in D.C., we don’t want just thoughts and prayers from Members of Congress. We want them to look us in the eyes and tell us: How will they work to make our Nation safer against gun violence? How will they perform their constitutional duty to ‘insure domestic tranquility’ and ‘promote the general welfare’—some of the main roles of government accord-ing to our Constitution? How will they work to stand up to the extremist gun lobby and urge their fellow Members to do the same?’’ That is what they wrote: Look in our eyes. They lost their son, and what Congress did, regrettably, is nothing. They recessed for 7 weeks. Mr. Speaker, we have a moral obliga-tion to protect the lives and well-being of our constituents. That is our most sacred responsibility as Members of Congress. We do that in a variety of different ways. We do that by responding to pub-lic health crises, like the Zika virus, which we also failed to do. We do that by making sure people can have safe drinking water in places like Flint and cities all across this country, which we failed to do. We do that by protecting our constituents from the ravages of gun violence in this country, and we did nothing. We have a responsibility as Members of Congress, when faced with these sorts of epidemics, to do something. People who are living in communities all across this country, who are living with the consequences of this gun vio-lence, say: What are you doing to stop it? They know we can’t pass one law that is going to stop everything, but, taken together, we can pass legisla-tion—particularly these two bills—that will substantially reduce the likelihood that dangerous people will get guns and harm the communities we rep-resent. I will continue to add my voice to this fight, as I know many members of our caucus will. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distin-guished gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). He really has led our effort as the chair of the Democratic caucus on gun violence prevention and someone who has been a great cham-pion in this effort. Mr. THOMPSON of California. I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank him also for taking the time and the effort to put this Special Order together on such an important issue, important to all Americans. I was a little bit taken aback. I came down to the floor early to participate in this Special Order, and I heard my friend from across the aisle who pre-ceded us in Special Orders talking about the effort on the part of Demo-crats today in our 1-minute remarks of pushing for a vote on the issue of gun violence prevention. Mr. C
ICILLINE , I think, laid it out clearly what it is we are trying to do. We want a vote on two bills. One is a bill that would require background checks for anyone who purchases a firearm through a commercial sale. So it would expand existing law that says that you have to have a background check if you purchase a firearm at a li-censed dealer to include other commer-cial sales: ads in a newspaper, online purchases, or gun show purchases. Then the other bill is the bill that has been referred to as no fly, no buy, that says, if you are too dangerous in the eyes of the FBI to fly on an air-plane, then you shouldn’t be able to go into a gun store, pass a background check, and buy any gun that you want. My friend from across the aisle said that this was clever and cute. Mr. Speaker, make no mistake about it: this is not clever nor is it cute. This is serious business. People are dying every day at the hands of someone using a firearm. In the 3
1⁄2years since 20 elementary schoolchildren were murdered at Sandy Hook in Connecticut, 1,196 mass shoot-ings have taken place in our country. Over 34,000 people have been killed by someone using a gun. We have had over 500 legislative days. What have we done during that time? We have had 31—31— moments of silence for those people who were murdered, but we have had zero votes on the issue of gun violence prevention, not one debate and not one vote on expanding background checks. The gentleman across the aisle, I think, used some misleading state-ments when he talked today. He said that we should enforce the laws that are on the books. Well, when the back-ground check bill was put into the law, there weren’t many people buying guns online. As a matter of fact, we weren’t buying much online. It was a long time ago, and online shopping had not come about as it is today, so the law didn’t include that. So, obviously, we need to look at change in bills as we go. What we want to do is we want to make sure that criminals, terrorists, and the dangerously mentally ill have a difficult time getting guns. The best way to do that, and our first line of de-fense in accomplishing that, is back-ground checks. You know, Mr. Speaker. You have been in the courtroom. You have seen these things happen before. You know this issue inside and out. They work. Every day, 170 felons are prohibited from purchasing firearms because of background checks. Every day, 50 do-mestic abusers are prohibited from buying firearms because of the back-ground checks. Yet they can leave the gun store, they can go online or go to a gun show, and they can buy the same gun without a background check that they were prohibited from buying in the gun store. My friend from across the aisle, I think, was also misleading when he said that Democrats want to focus on the gun. There is no focusing on the gun. We know that guns don’t get up and shoot somebody on their own. We are trying to focus on the person try-ing to buy that gun. That is why we want to do a background check. If the person is a criminal, if the person is a terrorist, if the person is a drug addict or a domestic abuser or dangerously mentally ill, the law says then they can’t buy a gun at a licensed dealer. Well, we have got this gaping loop-hole where they can leave the licensed dealer, they can go to the gun show or they can go online, and they can buy that gun. We want to stop that from happening. My friend from across the aisle also said that these laws don’t work. Well, we know they work. I just gave you the numbers on how many felons and do-mestic abusers are stopped every day from purchasing a gun. But you can look at the studies that were done in two States. One was in Connecticut. Connecticut passed a permit-to-purchase law in their State where you had to get the background check to purchase. What happened in that State after that law was passed? A 40 percent drop in homi-cide by firearms. Now, go down the road to Missouri, who repealed their re-quirement to permit-to-purchase and what happened? A 25 percent increase in homicides by firearms. They work. These laws work, and we ought to make sure they apply to gun sales in all commercial settings. My friend across the aisle in his Spe-cial Order said that you just have to look at States where there are tough laws regarding gun violence to see that they don’t work. Well, it is really in-teresting because there are just 10 States that supply about half—49 per-cent—of the guns that cross State lines before being recovered in crimes. b1715 Those States account for nearly 21,000 interstate crime guns recovered in 2009. So people go to the areas where it is easy for them to access firearms, they buy them, and then they bring them to the other States and they use them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.103 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4996 July 14, 2016 
It is not enough just to have a tough law. My home State of California re-quires background checks for all gun purchases. It is not a big deal. I bought a gun over the last break. As you all know, my friends here know, I am a gun guy. I support the Second Amend-ment. I have firearms. I use them. I collect them. I hunt with them. I bought one over the last break from a very close personal family friend, yet the law says we still had to get a back-ground check. It wasn’t any heavy lift. I took it to a dealer, they did the back-ground check, and in 10 days I got my gun. California is a stricter State than many. Nineteen States go beyond what the Federal Government requires. The Federal Government requires, remem-ber, that you have to have a back-ground check if you purchase a gun at a licensed dealer. California says all guns have to go through a background check. As I say, it is not a heavy lift. But Californians can leave our State and they can go to another State, one of the 34 States that only have the Fed-eral requirement—they can go to an-other State, they can go online, they can go to a newspaper ad, or they can go to a gun show—and they can pur-chase the same firearm that they would be prohibited from purchasing if they had to undergo a background check. We know it happens. At the State of the Union, when we honored victims of gun violence, a man from Wisconsin was here because his sister took out a restraining order on her husband. Her husband tried to buy a gun, and that restraining order stopped him from being able to buy the gun. Well, he went home. He went on-line. He found someone that was selling the same gun, who wasn’t a licensed dealer. He bought that gun. He took it to the beauty shop where his wife was, and he killed her, and he killed two other people. Now, as Mr. C
ICILLINE said, we can’t stop every act of gun violence by pass-ing any bill. And the people that say they don’t support the background check bill because it wouldn’t have worked in Mr. C
LYBURN ’s district in Charleston, or it wouldn’t have worked in Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ’s district in the movie theater, or it wouldn’t have worked in Orlando at the Pulse night-club, they say, well, we only will sup-port a bill that will work in all of these cases, well, the only bill that will do that is getting rid of all guns. There is not support on our side of the aisle for that, and there is not support on the other side of the aisle for that. It is a disingenuous argument. Everything that we can do to stop people from being killed by someone with a gun we should be working on doing. The bills that we are talking about today are bipartisan bills. You know that, Mr. Speaker. Our bill has not only bipartisan support, it has 197 coauthors. I don’t think there has ever been a time in the history of Congress that there has been a gun bill in this House that has had 197 coauthors. That is really out of the ordinary. Folks have lined up to support this because they know it is good public policy. The American people know it is good public policy. Ninety percent of the American population believe that we should expand background checks to include all commercial sales. Eighty-five percent believe that we should enact the no fly, no buy. They say if you are too dangerous to fly, you should be too dangerous to buy. They are bipartisan. Both of those measures are pro-Second Amendment. They are certainly commonsense, and they most certainly have the support of the ma-jority of the American people. We should be doing everything we can to pass those bills. We shouldn’t be going home. And I know that some-times a hyperbole takes over. I don’t for a moment think that every Member in this body is going home to sit on the beach. I know what most Members do, if not all Members. We go home and we work in our districts. You are going to do that. I am going to do that. Mr. CLYBURN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. C ICILLINE , we are all going to go home, we are going to meet with our constituents, and we are going to do our work. But the point that we are trying to make is we shouldn’t leave this body, we shouldn’t leave this House, the peo-ple’s House, to go home to do our work there without first passing this gun vi-olence prevention legislation that is bi-partisan, supported by the American people, and pro-Second Amendment— measures that will do a little bit more to keep guns away from criminals, ter-rorists, and the dangerously mentally ill. Mr. Speaker, we should be doing that. We should be doing that here today before we leave on this 7-week recess. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ), the distinguished assistant leader. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me, and I thank him so much for doing this Special Order. I want to begin, first of all, by thank-ing my colleague on the other side of the Capitol, Senator T
IMSCOTT, for a tremendous speech he gave on the floor of the Senate last evening. I thank him so much for sharing with the American people an issue that has, for some rea-son, converged with our overall discus-sions of gun violence. Now, tonight, at around 7:30, we are going to have a national SpeakOut here on the west lawn of the Capitol. We will be speaking out on this whole issue of gun violence. I am particularly interested in one part of our effort dealing with background checks. Now, some have said that back-ground checks legislation that we are proposing would not have had any im-pact on most of these issues, if not all. Well, I beg to differ when it comes to Charleston and the Emanuel 9. The facts are very clear that the gen-tleman who purchased the gun that he used to murder those nine souls doing their Bible study at Emanuel AME Church June 17 of last year was not eli-gible by law to have purchased a gun because of a 72-hour rule that we have in our background check laws. If you apply to purchase a gun and the back-ground check is undertaken and it is not completed in 3 days, you can go back and get the gun, irrespective of whether or not you are eligible to have it. Now, thanks to the Government Ac-countability Office, 2 days ago, they issued a study, and the study covered a period of 10 years, from 2006 to 2015. Here is what they have revealed. Dur-ing that 10-year period, 89,000 requests to purchase a gun were denied because of domestic abuse; however, 6,700 were purchased by people who were ineli-gible because of that 3-day rule. Now, over 90 percent of the people who apply to purchase a weapon have their background checks completed within 2 days, but there is that 10 per-cent that require additional scrutiny. We don’t know whether or not people intentionally give the wrong informa-tion. If someone really wanted to cur-tail the law and knows what the law is, that person could very well give the wrong address, give the wrong middle initial, do something to cause the background check to be extended be-yond the 3-day period. The gentleman who purchased the gun in the case of the Emanuel 9, it was an interesting confluence of mis-takes. It had nothing to do with the bu-reaucracy. For some strange reason, when he was arrested for his problem, rather than taking him to the Colum-bia jail, they took him to the West Co-lumbia jail. So, when they looked for his record, they looked for the record in Columbia. But for some strange rea-son, the record was across the river in West Columbia. By the time they de-tected what the problem was, the 3 days had expired and he was able to purchase a gun. Within days of that purchase, he went online and he studied the history of Emanuel AME Church, the church where Denmark Vesey organized an in-surrection in 1822 in the basement of Emanuel Church. He looked at that history. He saw Emanuel AME Church as one of the most historical African American churches not just in the State of South Carolina, but in the country, and he targeted that church. He went there, invited himself into the Bible study with these blessed souls, and sat with them for an hour. Then he got up, took out the gun that he had bought, which he was not eligi-ble to purchase, and began to murder them systematically. One woman, Ms. Sanders, is here in Washington and will be here with us this evening, lost her son, her aunt, and a cousin. The reason she is still with us today is because she played dead under a table while cov-ering up her little grandchildren. She 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.105 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4997 July 14, 2016 
watched her son walk up to the shooter and say: Why are you doing this? We mean you no harm. But he said: I have got to do it. Why? Because I want to start a race war. Well, he did not start a race war. This whole country saw what forgive-ness was all about. Within 48 hours, these family members, these survivors, were in a judicial courtroom. They looked at the perpetrator, and one after the other looked at him and said: I forgive you. Well, I am appreciative of my con-stituents for forgiving, but I believe, as their representative here in this body, it is incumbent upon me to do what-ever I can—and, hopefully, we will be joined by others in this body—to close this loophole. Let’s make sure that gun purchases are not made until the back-ground check is completed. If it takes 4 days or 5 days, what is that all about? What we must do is make sure that de-mented criminals and domestic abusers are not allowed to purchase guns be-cause we know from history that they mean no good when they do. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his eloquent words. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the distin-guished gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ). Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, first let me thank my good friend and colleague from the First District of Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) for leading tonight’s Special Order hour on the Republicans’ decision to leave for 52 days without taking any action to address the gun violence epidemic in this country. b1730 Mr. Speaker, as I sat here this evening, listening to my colleague on the other side of the aisle repeatedly talking about this administration and how this administration’s work had brought great harm to this America that we live in, well, Mr. Speaker, to-night, as I sit here and listen to my colleagues and to the great history les-son that we just received from Con-gressman C
LYBURN in his reminding us of all the things that happened with the Charleston 9, I reflect on just the other day when four Black men went on national TV—not elected officials, not scholars in the world that we rep-resent, but athletes who stood, dressed in black—who were there to honor an-other athlete, the great Muhammad Ali. Those four young Black men, with young minds, decided that they would take their time on national TV— unrehearsed, unscripted by folks like you and me, Mr. Speaker. I would like to share, just very brief-ly, what Carmelo Anthony said when he came to the podium. ‘‘Tonight, we cannot ignore the re-ality of the current state of this Amer-ica we live in. The events of the past week have put a spotlight on injustice and the distrust and anger that plagues so many of us.’’ Mr. Speaker, he said: ‘‘The system is broken. The problems are not new, and the racial divide is definitely not new, but the urgency to create change is at an all-time high.’’ Then Chris Paul followed him and said: ‘‘We stand here tonight, accepting our role in uniting communities to be the change we need to see.’’ Now, think about that—to go from distrust, Mr. Speaker, to trust and have this young athlete speak like we should be speaking, as Democrats and Republicans, in talking about change. Do you know why they were saying this, Mr. Speaker? It is because innocent lives are being taken because we don’t have simple gun laws, because we can’t close the loop. Certainly we should have the in-tellect to understand that if you can’t fly, you can’t buy. When I listen to my colleagues say that we have not brought before this House laws that we can implement, that is not my responsibility as a Mem-ber of this Congress; it is our responsi-bility. It is not the Democrats’ respon-sibility to do this. It is not the Black men’s of the Congressional Black Cau-cus or the Hispanic men’s of their cau-cus or the Democrats’. Mr. Speaker, we are better than this. It is our united re-sponsibility. When we stand here and make a joke of Black Lives Matter, let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, Black lives do matter— but blue lives matter, and all lives matter. If that mother, like the mother that I am bringing from my Third Congres-sional District tonight, tells the story of her 13-year-old daughter who was sitting in her kitchen as her windows were riddled with gun bullets that killed that child, that matters to her. Do you think the wife of that mur-dered police officer doesn’t value that blue White life as much? When these young folks come here tonight, many of them representing Black Lives Matter, they will come as these four athletes did on TV the other night. It is because they feel the pain, and they don’t have an outlet, they don’t have a place. They could march anywhere, but they are marching at the United States Capitol. Do you know why? They are coming here hoping for hope. They are coming here hoping for leadership. They are coming here hop-ing that we will unite one another and bring that trust. Let me now tell you what the next speaker, Dwayne Wade said. ‘‘The ra-cial profiling has to stop. The shoot-to- kill mentality has to stop. Not seeing the value of Black and Brown bodies has to stop.’’ Then let me tell you, as he ended with ‘‘enough is enough’’ and, ‘‘As ath-letes, we challenge you, America,’’ then LeBron James, from my great State of Ohio, came to the microphone and said: ‘‘We all feel helpless and frus-trated by the violence, but that is not acceptable. It’s time to look in the mirror and ask ourselves: What are we doing to create change?’’ He knew that night that that was not what he was there to do, but he said it was his legacy that he wanted to talk about, and he wanted to use that mo-ment in time for a call to action. Mr. Speaker, I come with that same call to action tonight. I come to say to you that you should be better than what we are doing. I am not pleased that it is empty on this side of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I want America to know that I came here tonight willing to stand up and to talk to the thousands of folks who will come with that pain, with that anger. I want them to know that, as Demo-crats, we are here today because we know we can be so much better. We are not asking for a lot. We are asking for four simple bills. I won’t walk you through them because you have heard them, Mr. Speaker. You have heard my colleagues repeatedly today through 1- minutes, through 5-minutes, through a Special Order hour, come and ask for help. I don’t know what more we can do to-night, but as you go home, I ask you to think about those lives that were taken, whether it was an innocent, young boy, a Trayvon Martin, a Tamir Rice, a Jordan Davis, or a Sandra Bland, whether it were those children at Newtown, whether it was someone in a theater or on a football field or in a restaurant, whether it was in Min-nesota or in Baton Rouge or, yes, whether it was the Emanuel nine in South Carolina, or whether it were those innocent police officers in Dallas. I will sleep well tonight, Mr. Speak-er, and I want America to know that I will sleep well tonight because I came here to unite the communities, to unite Democrats and Republicans. I want America to know that I am talk-ing to an empty audience of seats on the other side of the aisle because they went home. I say to you: America deserves bet-ter. The innocent families who lost their loved ones deserve better. Yet, we are trapped here with the inactivity of Congress. We deserve to do more for our communities. Mr. CICILLINE. I thank the gentle-woman for her eloquent words. I appre-ciate the passion she has brought to this not only tonight, but throughout the week and the last many weeks. I am particularly proud, Mr. Speaker, of the leadership of our caucus. From the very first night when we came to the floor to attempt to break through the logjam of inaction by our Repub-lican colleagues, it really galvanized our caucus. It galvanized the country that, likewise, is demanding action, de-manding that we enact commonsense gun safety legislation. We heard eloquent words from so many members of our caucus through those 26 hours; but so much leadership was provided by the leaders of our cau-cus, who, in the past several weeks, have used every occasion, every pos-sible opportunity, to force a vote on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.106 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4998 July 14, 2016 
two commonsense gun safety provi-sions—to keep guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists and universal background checks—in amendments, in attempting to attach it to bills, in mo-tions to recommit, in every way that they could. I yield to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), our distinguished Democratic whip, who has been a great champion on this issue and who has been a great leader in the fight for re-sponsible gun safety legislation. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank him for taking this Special Order. I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio for that eloquent and passionate plea to put negligence aside, to put inaction aside, and to understand that in this House, we have an opportunity to take action. Mr. Speaker, it is hard to think of LeBron James’ feeling helpless—one of the greatest athletes of our time and, perhaps, of all time. He is an extraor-dinarily powerful individual. For him to stand and say, I am frustrated and I feel helpless, in part, that is because he has sent people to Congress. He and 320 million Americans have sent people to Congress to respond and to keep them safe. Can we keep them perfectly safe? We cannot. John Kennedy was speaking to a group of parents of children with dis-abilities. He stood before them and said: ‘‘Although these children have been the victims of fate, they shall not be the victims of our neglect.’’ Mr. Speaker, today, tomorrow, the week after, and for months to come, we do not know how many people will be victims of today’s neglect; victims be-cause we took a walk today rather than action on this floor of the people’s House. We will never know the price that we will pay, but we surely know there will be a price. Speaker R
YAN, upon taking the Speaker’s gavel, called for a return to regular order, openness, and trans-parency; and I would like to read his quote because it was a good quote. He said: ‘‘We need to return to reg-ular order.’’ Then he said: ‘‘We will not duck the tough issues.’’ Today we ducked. Today we said we are not going to apply our ability to take action. We are going to go home. The American people, Mr. Speaker, ought to know that we weren’t sched-uled to go home until tomorrow night, and the American people ought to know that the President of the United States asked us, some 5 months ago, to apply resources so as to protect the public health from the Zika plague. So not only have we not dealt with gun vi-olence, but we have not dealt with two simple but profound, commonsense ac-tions. Mr. Speaker, I could walk across to that rostrum where Republicans usu-ally speak. I am at the rostrum where Democrats usually speak. b1745 There ought to be a rostrum in the middle where we speak not as Repub-licans, not as Democrats, but as Ameri-cans, as parents, as husbands, as wives, as neighbors, as friends to protect and preserve not only the Constitution of the United States but their lives and their future. Congresswoman BEATTY said it so well, ‘‘Black lives matter,’’ and then she added quickly, ‘‘Blue lives matter.’’ And of course she meant those who protect us and are sworn to put them-selves at risk so that we may not be at risk. We lost five of them and we lost the young man in Minnesota and a not- quite-so-young man but another man in Louisiana just these past few days. Mr. Speaker, you said, ‘‘We will not duck the tough issues.’’ We don’t think this is a tough issue, but maybe some people do. We think this is common-sense reason to pass a bill that says, if you are too dangerous to fly on an air-plane in America, you are too dan-gerous for us to sell you a gun. If we accept the premise that we ought to have background checks, which we do, then those ought to be not in just some cases but in every case so that we are not keeping people safe just in some instances but in every in-stance. ‘‘We will not duck the tough issues.’’ The Speaker then said, ‘‘We will take them head-on.’’ We have been asking now for years and certainly very directly for a num-ber of weeks now to bring these bills to the floor that provide for universal background checks and for protecting people from people who are dangerous and who would buy guns but are too dangerous to fly on our airplanes. That is all we are asking. We are not even asking that it pass. We will vote for it. We hope a large number of our colleagues will vote for it. Because I tell you, the American people are speaking from that middle mike, which does not exist. But their voice in the middle here is 90 percent of them say-ing, ‘‘Please, Congress, do these ac-tions.’’ The Speaker went on to say, ‘‘We should not hide our disagreements.’’ The American people don’t have much of an agreement; it is nine to one. ‘‘We should not hide our disagree-ments,’’ he said. ‘‘We should embrace them. We have nothing to fear from honest disagreements honestly stated.’’ Bring them to the floor, Mr. Speaker. Tonight, two friends of mine, Wendy Edmonds and Bobbe Frasier, will be with us tonight at 7:30. They lost Syl-via Frasier, their sister, at the United States Navy Yard, just a few blocks from where we stand, by someone who essentially invaded the Navy Yard and killed a significant number of people. But the Congress has gone home. The leadership believes there is no more business left to do before going home to their districts for the next 7 weeks. Tell that to the people of Flint, who 24 months after the lead was discovered which gave such danger to their chil-dren and damaged their children—tell that to them. They have been waiting eagerly for Congress to take up legisla-tion providing them with critical re-sources to recover from the lead poi-soning in their water supply. They shall not be the victims of our neglect, but they are. We have gone home. Tell that to millions of Americans in Puerto Rico and across this country who are at risk this summer of expo-sure to the Zika virus. Tell that to the millions of families who have been af-fected by gun violence and are looking to Congress to enact commonsense gun safety reforms. So I tell my Republican colleagues, the Speaker, the majority leader, there is much work to be done right now. It is irresponsible that the majority would continue to obstruct and delay any action on these three pressing na-tional crises. Instead, we should be re-maining in Washington until they are addressed. We saw the other night a bill pass from conference with no debate in just a few minutes—a major piece of legis-lation. Time is not the problem. Com-mitment is the problem. Democrats, as Congresswoman B
EATTY said so eloquently, are ready to stay here and do the hard work. And I am asking the Speaker and the major-ity leader to commit to doing the same. The American people expect us to do our jobs, not just shrug and go home. We owe the American people that duty and that action. Let us vote. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, it gives me pleasure to yield to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the distinguished Democratic leader. I thank her again for her extraordinary leadership on this issue. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) has been such a leader on this issue. He was a leader in the sit-in that happened a few weeks ago on the floor of the House, I can attest personally. I bore witness to his staying here all night, for 25 hours straight. He organized us on the steps of the Capitol on Tuesday evening, the 1- month anniversary—bad, sad observ-ance of the 1 month since Orlando, where a hate crime was committed against young people gathered for a night of enjoyment, instead to have the end of their life occur. And why? Be-cause of a hate crime. And why? Be-cause we don’t have commonsense gun laws in our country. He also organized us all day in scores of 1-minutes on behalf of House Demo-crats. But I want to also thank him for putting this Special Order together in preparation for the event that we will have on the steps of the Capitol later this evening. I associate myself with the remarks of our distinguished whip, Mr. H
OYER , when we say to the Republicans, why have you left here? Congresswoman B
EATTY has the same message. What 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.107 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4999 July 14, 2016 
more important thing do our Repub-lican colleagues have to do than to be in session, to do their job, for us all to do our job for the American people? We should be here to do our job on Zika, which the President over 4 months ago requested funding to fight Zika, and now it is spreading in our country. We should be here for funding for opioids. We passed a wonderful bill— good policy, but no funding; therefore, not effective. We should be here to pass the funding for opioids and Flint, Michigan. What more important thing do you have to do, my colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle, than to meet the needs of the children of Flint, Michi-gan? Here we are, continuing to have our conversation about commonsense gun violence protection. I want to quote from President Lyn-don Johnson. In the aftermath of the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy, just weeks after the fatal shooting of Martin Luther King, Jr., and only a few years after President John F. Kennedy was shot, President Johnson pressed Congress to enact gun control legisla-tion that he sent to Capitol Hill years earlier. He had sent it after the Ken-nedy assassination. LBJ ordered all of his staff and urged allies in Congress to act swiftly. Here is what he said that was as relevant now as it was then. President Lyndon Johnson, following the deaths of Mar-tin Luther King and Robert Kennedy, said: ‘‘We only have 2 weeks, maybe only 10 days, before the gun lobby gets organized. We’ve got to beat the NRA into the offices of Members of Con-gress.’’ Decades. This has been going on for decades. When a President of the United States, after the assassination of a President; an icon, Reverend Mar-tin Luther King, Jr.; Senator Robert Kennedy—well, actually he was a can-didate for President at the time, Sen-ator Kennedy was. ‘‘We’ve got to beat the NRA into the offices of Members of Congress.’’ Well, obviously, we haven’t, because they sort of live there. They sort of live there. And when he signed the watered- down version of the bill he proposed, he said, ‘‘The voices that blocked these safeguards were not the voices of an aroused nation. They were the voices of a powerful gun lobby, a gun lobby that has prevailed for the moment in an election year.’’ Sound familiar? LBJ went on to say, ‘‘We have been through a great deal of anguish these last few months and these last few years—too much anguish to forget so quickly. So now we must complete the task which this long-needed legislation begins.’’ Here we are decades later, still recog-nizing the fact that the National Rifle Association, the gun lobby, has so much power over Members of Congress. It has so much power over their polit-ical survival, some of our colleagues think. I ask you, Mr. Speaker: What is more important, the political survival of Members of Congress beholden to the gun lobby or the survival of little kin-dergarten students in Newtown, Con-necticut? What is more important, the political survival of Members of Con-gress or the personal survival of mem-bers gathered in church in South Caro-lina, or young people gathered for an evening of fun in Orlando—the list goes on and on—or our dear police officers killed in Dallas. What is it? How do you explain it to people, except to say there is a large element of cowardice. There is a large element of putting people’s own polit-ical survival over the oath of office that we take to protect the American people. Excuse me. This is so emotional. I salute my colleague Congress-woman B
EATTY for her very passionate and intellectual statement that she made in recognizing the role of ath-letes. I am very proud of the Golden State Warriors. They have long been involved in this, as has the NBA and the players that she mentioned. This was another venue for them to speak out. They have been eloquent on the subject for a while. I salute my colleague Mr. C
ICILLINE , not only for his work on gun issues, but on hate crimes as well, because that was a hate crime in Orlando. Mr. C
LYBURN is going to be outside on the steps of the Capitol with a large crowd of people so we can listen to the stories of those affected. If only our colleagues would open their hearts and their minds and not have a tin ear to the voices of the families, listen to the families. One of our own colleagues, Congress-man B
OBBY RUSHof Illinois, he and his family are survivors of the death of their son. When he tells the story of how he learned of his son being shot but then of his son passing, it is so elo-quent and so compelling. And he talks about the shriek, the cry, the scream of a mother who has just found out that her child is dead from a gunshot. How much of this can we take? It is always impressive, I have to say, to witness the degree of tolerance that our colleagues have for the pain of oth-ers. How much pain do people have to suffer for people to hear, to learn, to judge? Was it George Bernard Shaw who said the sign of a truly intelligent per-son is that he is informed by statistics? The statistics are overwhelming: 91 a day; over 1,000 mass murders, which is defined as 4 or more people being slaughtered in 1 incident—all of that since Newtown. b1800 I know my time is drawing short, but I will just say this: these are statistics. More important than that, they are human lives. How many more human lives? How many shrieks of mothers learning—and dads as well. He spoke of hearing his wife’s shriek; the piercing sound of a mother’s scream. I heard one of the mothers from Or-lando when she was suspicious that her son might have been killed. She said: I don’t know. We don’t have any evi-dence, but nobody has seen him. He isn’t at the hospital. I am afraid I have become a member of the club, the club of women, moms who have lost their children. It is a terrible club to be a member of, and I want to speak out against gun violence so that there aren’t more moms added to the club. But that doesn’t seem to resonate with our colleagues. They don’t even give the courtesy of attendance to hear the concerns that people have. Is it indifference? Do they not know or do they not care? Or is it some com-bination? Whatever it is, it is a disgrace to our oath of office to protect the American people. Be assured of this, be assured of this: we are not going away. You will see us. You will see the faces of those moms, all the organizations that have come together, the millions of people, the high percentages, 85, 90 percent of the American people of all parties and no parties who support the legislation that we are asking for. We are not going away until we have common-sense gun violence prevention laws passed in our country to save lives, to save lives. That is the challenge we offer to our Republican colleagues. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
REQUEST TO BE GRANTED ADDI-TIONAL SPECIAL ORDER TIME Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that we have an ad-ditional hour to continue to speak about the urgency of gun violence pre-vention action. We have many Demo-cratic colleagues who are here who are seeking time to implore the Speaker to come back. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair cannot entertain that request. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. CICILLINE. Point of parliamen-tary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, why is the Chair not capable of entertaining a request for unanimous consent to pro-vide for additional time to address this urgent public health crisis? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Speaker’s announced policy on Special Order Speeches does not allow the Chair to entertain that request. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE IN AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) for 30 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.109 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5000 July 14, 2016 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I take the floor this after-noon to continue to talk about gun vio-lence and to talk about the problems that we are encountering in this coun-try at this time with the issues of citi-zens being killed, police officers being killed, domestic violence, to talk about people who may be mentally ill who are committing gun violence. This is a very difficult subject. You have heard from my colleagues for some days now about our determina-tion to deal with this issue of gun vio-lence. You have heard about the bills that we have tried to get taken up on the floor to deal with gun violence. Very simple bills. One bill that is a bill that has been characterized as no fly, no buy, simply meaning that if you are too dangerous to be on an airplane, you are too dangerous to be able to buy a gun. And, of course, universal back-ground checks to make sure we know who is seeking to purchase weapons and what their backgrounds are and whether or not they should be allowed to purchase a gun. In the middle of all of this work that we are doing, we are painfully re-minded that there is another issue and another problem that we have been confronted with year in and year out that really has not been dealt with, and this problem is one that has reared its head one more time. Just a few days ago we witnessed the killings of Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge and Philando Castile in Min-nesota. And, of course, because of the graphic pictures that were shown on television, because of the cell phones that recorded what was going on, it has really created the kind of discussion and organizing and rallying and pro-testing that forces us to have to deal with this issue even when it is too painful for many to deal with. I would like to say that I have been dealing with this issue for many, many years. It started when I was in the California State legislature back in 1994. There was a woman named Eula Love, who was shot down on her porch in front of her daughters. Because she had not been able to pay her utility bill, her gas bill, her heating bill, and because she would not allow the gas company to turn off her heat, they called the police, and the police came out. A confrontation ensued. I think she had a butter knife that she waved at them, and they shot Eula Love down on her porch. I became very active back then in dealing with police shootings because, as you know, in the Los Angeles area there had been incidents prior to this, dating back before this that had cre-ated the kind of protests and rallies that really caused people to fear what was happening in our communities. So I organized. I visited the police com-mission. I organized others to visit the police commission. We tried to set up meetings with the police chief at the time, who was Daryl Gates. Daryl Gates was a tough chief of po-lice, and he had no intentions of sitting down with the community to talk about police shootings. He felt that every police shooting was justified and that the community had no right to question what happened when there was a confrontation between police and the community. We organized. We continued to put pressure on Daryl Gates. More inci-dents occurred. As a matter of fact, when you heard about the death of Eric Gardner up in New York, who died from something called the choke hold, it really was a practice that was used in the Los Angeles area by police offi-cers. At that time, Daryl Gates, the po-lice chief, said that the Black people who were killed as a result of the choke hold died because something was wrong with their carotid muscle; that it was something abnormal about Black people that caused them to die when they were placed in this kind of choke hold. And so having worked in the greater Los Angeles area and witnessed Police Chief Daryl Gates learning and under-standing the choke hold, and even there was something called the bat-tering ram and on and on and on, I have known for many years that this was an issue that had to be dealt with, and from time to time others have tried. There have been meetings in various cities and towns in this country at po-lice commissions. Many people have tried to create civilian police review boards. It has been resisted in many cities and towns. Very few have been able to create citizen police review boards. So these killings continue. And they are disproportionately killings of Black men and boys. So when people raise the question about why so many Black folks are involved in this issue, it is because of the disproportionate number of African Americans who find themselves killed, and their families find their relatives killed at the hands of police. Now, of course, not all police are out looking to kill someone. Not all police are prejudiced. Not all police are bad officers. But, of course, we know there are problems. We have pointed to the training, and we have asked for better training. We have always felt that the buck stops at the top and that if police chiefs have the kind of training that we believe officers should have, we could reduce the numbers of confronta-tions and killings of young Black men in particular. I don’t know what has become of this training idea. I think most police chiefs will tell you: Oh, we do the prop-er training. We have the best training of any police department in the coun-try. But somehow people who are the vic-tims of police officers who are respon-sible for these killings really don’t be-lieve that the training is what it should be. These killings are creating the kind of protests and rallies that are making a lot of people extremely uncomfort-able. We are all very saddened by the fact that we lost five police officers in Dallas and that the killer of the police officers said he killed them because he was seeking revenge. We do not want the revenge mentality to take hold in this country. That is very dangerous. What do we do about it? What we do about it is keep working at how we can reduce these killings, how we can eliminate these killings. What can we do? I have some ideas about this that I am working with some people on. As a matter of fact, I will be speaking to the National Black Lawyers Association on Monday in St. Louis, Missouri, and I am going to talk with them about sev-eral ideas. One of the ideas I want to talk with them about is encouraging more com-munities to meet on an ongoing and regular basis with police chiefs. Get to know them, talk with them, explain what has been said about them and the feelings of African Americans in these communities. Get to know each other. I am going to ask them to work with the members of the city councils who have the budgets of the police depart-ments and with the county supervisors who have the budgets of the sheriff’s departments. Talk with them and le-verage your influence because you have the budget in your control to let them know how serious you are about reduc-ing these killings and these confronta-tions. The other issue that I am going to talk with the lawyers about is putting together a program to take to our po-lice chiefs about reducing the con-frontations by eliminating stopping these automobiles and these drivers on minor incidents, minor problems. Of course, there are going to be some taillights that need to be fixed, but do you need to stop that motorist? Do you need to ask them to get out of the car? Do you need to ask them to get out of the car with their hands up? Do you ask them to get out of the car and lean over the back of the car, legs spread, arms spread? Do you need to ask them to get out of the car and tell them to lay on the ground while you search them? Do you need to search the car il-legally? What are you looking for? b1815 If, in fact, it is just a tail light, can’t you just give a warning? Can’t you just give a ticket and go on about your business? Why is it that these police stops about tail lights and other infrac-tions are causing so much confronta-tion? Of course, as most drivers try to do the best they can in driving and taking care of their cars, I am sure there are those who would like to get some things fixed, whether it is a windshield wiper or a tail light or something else that may be wrong with the car, but I am sure some may have to wait until the next payday. They may not have enough money to do that. They are not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.111 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5001 July 14, 2016 
crooks and they are not criminals, and they should be warned. There is something in the Black com-munity that Blacks have believed for a long time. When kids are coming up, they tend to get in trouble. Sometimes they vandalize; sometimes they per-haps ring somebody’s doorbell and run, as someone was explaining the other night that was happening with their child; or sometimes they will pull a prank and run away, and then they get caught. In the African American community, we believe that oftentimes when chil-dren commit these kinds of minor of-fenses and the police stop them, they take them home to momma or they tell them to get out of there and go home, but when Black kids are stopped, the Black community believes our kids are taken to jail. We have got to straighten out some of the misunderstandings about what happens when Black boys, in par-ticular, and Black men are stopped on these infractions. We believe that a lot of confrontations do not have to take place if, in fact, these minor offenses are not treated like crimes. We believe that we can reduce the oc-currence of these confrontations by convincing the police departments that they should not be asking folks to get out of their cars and creating a con-frontation. People should not be calling each other names. We want to eliminate from the mouths of any police officers the N-word or the kind of language that is oftentimes used when they de-cide that they are going to stop some-one and that they are going to raise questions or they are going to search them, et cetera. We believe that that is a legitimate thing to do. So I am going to be recommending to the National Black Lawyers Associa-tion that we put together a program that we present to these police chiefs and these police departments about re-ducing confrontation and discontinuing the stops on minor offenses that end up in confrontations and killings. The other thing that I am going to be recommending not only to the Na-tional Black Lawyers Association but to the news media and to these chan-nels who cover all of this, why can’t we have some public service announce-ments that go on every day and maybe at the end of every day where people are reminded about safe driving and taking care of their cars, getting those windshield wipers fixed, getting those tail lights fixed, making sure that the windows are working. Why can’t we have public service an-nouncements that just keep reminding people to have your insurance docu-mentation in the car with you—all of those things that could reduce the kind of stops that we are witnessing time and time again that are ending in con-frontation. I believe that there are many other things that we can do if we think about it. I know there is a lot going on about having discussions. People say that we should talk to each other more. Well, that is fine and that is good, and for all of those people who would like to be in-volved in discussions with each other in their communities or with the police department, you should do that. But talk is cheap, and it really is going to take some concerted actions to be able to deal with this problem. There are some police officers who should just be weeded out. They have no business being police officers. They are either trigger-happy or they are prejudiced. And when they see a young Black man, six-foot-two, six-foot-three, weighing 200 pounds, they are auto-matically afraid of them, and they think that they have to protect them-selves against them simply because of the size of the individual. When we take a look at Eric Gardner up in New York, who was of such size, where he was wrestled to the ground simply because he was selling loose cigarettes, that was all about, we be-lieve, some officer proving that they were not afraid of him and they could take him to the ground and they could deal with him. Of course, it is what triggered his death. There was no need to tackle him. I just saw on television the other day a famous, I believe, tennis player who was standing in New York and was rushed by police because they said he fit the description of someone who had been reported who had committed a crime. Now, when you say that you stopped a young Black man because they fit the description, nobody believes that. We have heard that over and over and over again. And Blacks believe that that is an excuse to stop somebody, and it is a convenient excuse to say, ‘‘Well, we stopped him because he fit the description.’’ They don’t have any other reason to stop. They have not violated anything, they don’t have traffic warrants, et cetera, et cetera. But this excuse has been used over and over again: He fit the description, and that is why we stopped. When people are the victims of those who say they fit the description, of course they are angry. Of course they are going to tell the police officer that they didn’t fit the description and they don’t like this happening. And that causes another kind of confrontation. So we need to be able to talk with the police chiefs and tell them these kinds of things. And we need to get rid of that cul-ture of silence in the police depart-ment. One officer can witness another officer actually committing a crime, he could see that police officer targeting and treating somebody bad, but they will never, ever admit it. They will never, ever report it. That culture of silence and protection is something that we all know about, and it happens every day. So we need to be honest about what the feelings are, and the police need to be honest with us about what they think about what they are doing in these kinds of situations. Even in all that I have heard on tele-vision in the last few days, where they supposedly are having townhall meet-ings, supposedly talking about these issues, I have not heard the real truth come out about how members of the African American community who have witnessed too much of this really feel about the police, and I have not heard the police talk about how they really feel about those that they think are committing crimes or should be stopped or what they understand about them and what is going on in the com-munity. So I am hopeful that we can have a real conversation. Because I want to tell you, as we take a look at what has happened just in the last year or so, what we find is 1,205 people have been shot and killed by on-duty police offi-cers since January 1, 2015. In the first 6 months of 2016, 465 people were shot and killed. In 2016, 491 were shot and killed. In 2016, there was a 6-percent in-crease in the number of such deaths during the first 6 months of the year. Fatal encounters are strikingly simi-lar to last year’s shootings, where Blacks continue to be shot at 2.5 times the rate of Whites. Police have shot and killed a young Black man ages 18– 29, such as Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, 175 times since January 2015, and 24 of them were known to be un-armed. So whether we are talking about Mi-chael Brown, Eric Gardner, Ezell Ford, Tamir Rice, John Crawford, Kimani Gray, Walter Scott, Freddie Gray, San-dra Bland, Rekia Boyd, Laquan McDon-ald, or the last two that we have seen on television almost every night for the last week or so, Alton Sterling and Philando Castile, and names that we don’t know—those names are not men-tioned here because they have not been reported and we don’t have the kind of database for these killings that we should have. That is another recommendation that I am making, that we must have a database that is kept so that we can know for sure exactly who is being killed and why, supposedly, they are being killed. This is tough business that we have to deal with. This is painful business that we have to deal with. But when you see those mothers on television, as I saw last evening, saying: I have a 14- year-old, and I am afraid for his life every minute he is not with me. And folks tell us that you should talk to them more and you should tell them how they should act when they are stopped by the police. I want to tell you, every African American mother and father that I know talk to their children about the police. They are afraid that they are going to be killed. They are afraid that they are not going to come home once they leave the house. They talk to them about how to conduct themselves if they are stopped by the police. While 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.113 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5002 July 14, 2016 
they shouldn’t have to act any dif-ferently than anybody else, mothers and fathers of Black children talk to their children about that all the time. They say to them: If they stop you, make sure you keep your hands visible. Put them up on the dashboard so they won’t think you are reaching for some-thing. If they ask you to get your driv-er’s license out, you tell them to take it out of your pocket because you are afraid that if you go in your pocket to get your driver’s license there will be an excuse to shoot you down. Too many of them have said and will say, ‘‘We thought they were reaching for a weapon.’’ Black people, for the most part, tell their young boys and their young men not only to keep their hands visible, but don’t talk back to the police, make sure you don’t look as if you are reach-ing for something, and be very, very careful that you don’t do anything that will cause them to shoot you. Now, this is real. This goes on all the time. I don’t know if people know or understand this. None of us are saying that we want our children to be in confrontation, that we want our men to be in con-frontation, that we want our girls to be in confrontation with the police. We al-ways teach everything that we can about staying out of a situation where there will be an excuse to kill or shoot you. Body cameras. We have advocated for body cameras. And now we find that, in this last incident, I believe, in Min-nesota, the body camera somehow was on the ground and it wasn’t working; or the body camera was not turned on, in some instances that we hear about; or even when the body camera records, in many instances, and maybe under practices and law in some cities, that information cannot be revealed for some long period of time until after certain things have taken place within the police department. So we have talked about that and we have advocated for body cameras. We were hoping that they would help us to understand what was going on. But we find that just plain old citizens with a cell phone are doing more to document what is happening than the body cam-eras that we advocated for. As a matter of fact, but for cell phones, we would not have known what happened in Baton Rouge and we would not have known what happened in Minnesota. The sight of a man being pinned down on the ground, unable to move, a gun being put at very close range to his body and being killed is more than most folks can bear. b1830 Most folks looking at what happened in Baton Rouge and what happened in Minnesota know that something is wrong with that; that that is not right. It is not just Black folks. There are many White folks who understand and believe it is something wrong with this picture. So while we are talking about gun vi-olence, and we would love to be able to focus on laws that we could create to keep the guns out of the hands of peo-ple who shouldn’t have them, we have got to deal with also what is happening in our country with the confrontations between African American men and boys in particular, and girls, and police officers. So I share this information with you, as difficult as it is to talk about it, be-cause until we get to the point of hon-esty about what we feel and what we understand and what we believe is going on, we are never going to be able to deal with this problem. I am going to continue to work on this. Like I said, I started in 1994. And while my attention and my career has been diverted to deal with financial services and other kinds of issues on Wall Street, I have got to get back to Main Street, and I have got to get back to the idea that we can do better than this, and that our country cannot con-tinue to not know how to deal with it, but, rather, come up with creative ideas and thoughts and ways by which we can discontinue these killings. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1555. An act to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Filipino vet-erans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services; in addition, to the Committee on House Administration for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 636. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. H.R. 4875. An act to establish the United States Semiquincentennial Commission, and for other purposes. H.R. 5588. An act to increase, effective as of December 1, 2016, the rates compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: S. 524. An act to authorize the Attorney General and Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to address the pre-scription opioid abuse and heroin use crisis, and for other purposes. S. 2840. An act to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training, and for other purposes. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on July 14, 2016, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 636. To amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the air-port improvement program, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. H.R 4875. To establish the United States Semiquincentennial Commission, and for other purposes. H.R. 5588. To increase, effective as of De-cember 1, 2016, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, July 18, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6073. A letter from the Secretary, U.S. Air Force, Department of Defense, transmitting a Program Acquisition Unit Cost breach for the Next Generation Operational Control System, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2433(d)(3); Pub-lic Law 97-252, Sec. 1107(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 110-417, Sec. 811(c)); (122 Stat. 4522); to the Committee on Armed Services. 6074. A letter from the Assistant Director for Legislative Affairs, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bu-reau’s Semi-Annual Report to Congress, pur-suant to 12 U.S.C. 5496(b), Public Law 111-203, Sec. 1016 (124 Stat. 1974); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6075. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Grants to Tribal Colleges and Universities and Dine´College [167A2100DD/ AAKC001030/A0A501010.999900 253G] (RIN: 1076- AF08) received July 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 6076. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — World Trade Center 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.114 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5003 July 14, 2016 
Health Program; Addition of New-Onset Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease and WTC-Related Acute Traumatic Injury to the List of WTC-Related Health Conditions [Docket No.: CDC-2015-0063, NIOSH-287] (RIN: 0920-AA61) received July 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6077. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances; Technical Correction [EPA-HQ-OPPT-2015-0810; FRL- 9947-33] (RIN: 2070-AB27) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6078. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; TN; Redesignation of the Sullivan County Lead Nonattainment Area to Attainment [EPA-R04-OAR-2012-0323; FRL-9948-68-Region 4] received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6079. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Standards of Performance for Stationary Compression Ignition Internal Combustion Engines [EPA-HQ-OAR-2014-0866; FRL-9948-65-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS43) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6080. A letter from the Chief, Policy and Rules Division, Office of Engineering and Technology, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Parts 0, 1, 2, and 15 of the Commission’s Rules regarding Au-thorization of Radiofrequency Equipment [ET Docket No.: 13-44] (RM-11652) Amend-ment of Part 68 regarding Approval of Ter-minal Equipment by Telecommunications Certification Bodies received July 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 6081. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 16- 045, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(A); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 104-164, Sec. 141(c)); (110 Stat. 1431); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6082. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15- 137, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); (82 Stat. 1326); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6083. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 16- 007, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94-329, Sec. 211(a)); (82 Stat. 1326); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6084. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 16- 040, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(A); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 104-164, Sec. 141(c)); (110 Stat. 1431); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6085. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 16- 021, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(A); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 104-164, Sec. 141(c)); (110 Stat. 1431); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6086. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 16- 013, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(A); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 104-164, Sec. 141(c)); (110 Stat. 1431); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6087. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting a notifi-cation of a deployment of U.S. Armed Forces personnel to South Sudan, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 975(b)(2); Public Law 95-485, Sec. 815(a); (92 Stat. 1625) (H. Doc. No. 114—148); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and or-dered to be printed. 6088. A letter from the Chief Administra-tive Officer, transmitting the quarterly re-port of receipts and expenditures of appro-priations and other funds for the period April 1, 2016 to June 30, 2016 (H. Doc. No. 114—149); to the Committee on House Administration and ordered to be printed. 6089. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31079; Amdt. No.: 3698] received July 12, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6090. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31081; Amdt. No.: 3700] received July 12, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6091. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31078; Amdt. No. 3697] received July 12, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6092. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Flight Simulation Train-ing Device Qualification Standards for Ex-tended Envelope and Adverse Weather Event Training Tasks [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0391; Amdt. No.: 60-4] (RIN: 2120-AK08) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6093. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; M7 Aerospace LLC Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-4256; Directorate Identifier 2016-CE-002-AD; Amendment 39-18512; AD 2016-10-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6094. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-2462; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-224-AD; Amendment 39-18515; AD 2016-10-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6095. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-0247; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-178-AD; Amendment 39-18513; AD 2016-10-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6096. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-3141; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-242-AD; Amendment 39-18516; AD 2016-10-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6097. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-7528; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-004- AD; Amendment 39-18524; AD 2016-10-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6098. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0006; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-147- AD; Amendment 39-18519; AD 2016-10-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6099. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3634; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-203-AD; Amendment 39-18521; AD 2016-10-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6100. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-6548; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-114-AD; Amendment 39-18520; AD 2016-10-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6101. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-4815; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-112- AD; Amendment 39-18522; AD 2016-10-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JY7.000 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5004 July 14, 2016 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6102. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Saab AB, Saab Aeronautics (Formerly Known as Saab AB, Saab Aerosystems) [Docket No.: FAA-2015-7524; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-231-AD; Amendment 39- 18554; AD 2016-12-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6103. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — IFR Altitudes; Miscella-neous Amendments [Docket No.: 31084; Amdt. No.: 527] received July 12, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6104. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-3988; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-130- AD; Amendment 39-18546; AD 2016-11-19] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6105. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and Class E Airspace for the following Okla-homa towns; Antlers, OK; Oklahoma City, OK; Oklahoma City Wiley Post Airport, OK; and Shawnee, OK [Docket No.: FAA-2015-7857; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ASW-22] received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6106. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-8467; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-107-AD; Amendment 39-18541; AD 2016-11-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6107. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Clovis, NM [Docket No.: FAA-2016- 0449; Airspace Docket No.: 16-ASW-2] re-ceived June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6108. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2011-0027; Directorate Identifier 2010-NM-127-AD; Amendment 39-18543; AD 2016-11-16] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6109. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-8430; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-093-AD; Amendment 39-18523; AD 2016-10-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6110. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2015-8257; Directorate Identifier 2015-NE-36-AD; Amendment 39- 18555; AD 2016-12-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6111. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Viking Air Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-6628; Directorate Identifier 2016-CE-013-AD; Amendment 39-18514; AD 2016-10-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6112. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-7263; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-072- AD; Amendment 39-18564; AD 2016-12-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6113. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Defense and Space S.A. (For-merly Known as Construcciones Aeronauticas, S.A.) [Docket No.: FAA-2015- 8465; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-239-AD; Amendment 39-18535; AD 2016-11-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6114. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2010-0219; Directorate Identifier 2010-NE-14-AD; Amendment 39- 18556; AD 2016-12-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6115. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters (formerly Eurocopter France) [Docket No.: FAA-2014- 0105; Directorate Identifier 2008-SW-58-AD; Amendment 39-18562; AD 2016-12-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6116. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-5812; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-077-AD; Amendment 39-18531; AD 2016-11-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6117. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-7265; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-084-AD; Amendment 39-18565; AD 2016-13-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6118. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-1273; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-194-AD; Amendment 39-18530; AD 2016-11-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6119. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-0496; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-101-AD; Amendment 39-18533; AD 2016-11-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6120. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-7266; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-085-AD; Amendment 39-18566; AD 2016-13-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6121. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; BLANIK LIMITED Gliders [Docket No.: FAA-2016-4231; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-042-AD; Amendment 39-18537; AD 2016-11-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6122. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Embraer S.A. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-6542; Directorate Identifier 2015- NM-038-AD; Amendment 39-18563; AD 2016-12- 14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 6123. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-4812; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-034-AD; Amendment 39-18560; AD 2016-12-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6124. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:01 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JY7.000 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5005 July 14, 2016 
Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters Deutschland GmbH (Previously Eurocopter Deutschland GmbH) (Airbus Helicopters) [Docket No.: FAA-2014- 0903; Directorate Identifier 2013-SW-043-AD; Amendment 39-18548; AD 2016-11-21] received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6125. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-0246; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-187-AD; Amendment 39-18511; AD 2016-09-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6126. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-8426; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-006-AD; Amendment 39-18527; AD 2016-10-16] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6127. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-2457; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-209-AD; Amendment 39-18525; AD 2016-10-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6128. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-7528; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-004- AD; Amendment 39-18524; AD 2016-10-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6129. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Piper Aircraft, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0338; Directorate Identifier 2014-CE-010-AD; Amendment 39-18495; AD 2016-08-18] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6130. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2016-2859; Directorate Identifier 2016-NE-04-AD; Amendment 39- 18536; AD 2016-11-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6131. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-8427; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-212- AD; Amendment 39-18508; AD 2016-09-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6132. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters (Type Certificate Previously Held by Eurocopter France) [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3741; Directorate Identifier 2014-SW-040-AD; Amendment 39- 18507; AD 2016-09-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6133. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-6149; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-047-AD; Amendment 39-18510; AD 2016-09-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6134. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-4808; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-134- AD; Amendment 39-18509; AD 2016-09-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6135. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-6033; Directorate Identifier 2015-SW-019- AD; Amendment 39-18571; AD 2016-13-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6136. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Shelton, WA [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-3994; Airspace Doc. No.: 15-ANM-23] re-ceived July 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 6137. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2015-4210; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-067-AD; Amendment 39-18567; AD 2016-13-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 6138. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Saab AB, Saab Aeronautics (Type Cer-tificate Previously Held by Saab AB, Saab Aerosystems) Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-8432; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-100- AD; Amendment 39-18570; AD 2016-13-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 12, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6139. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2015-0250; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-216- AD; Amendment 39-18505; AD 2016-09-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 30, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6140. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Medicare Program: Expanding Uses of Medicare Data by Qualified Entities [CMS-5061-F] (RIN: 0938-AS66) received July 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); joint-ly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. DENT: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Related to Representa-tive Ed Whitfield (Rept. 114–687). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4202. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York (Rept. 114–688). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4510. A bill to insure adequate use and access to the existing Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch segment within the Holy Cross Wilderness in Eagle County, Colo-rado, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–689). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4789. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a structure for visitor services on the Arling-ton Ridge tract, in the area of the U.S. Ma-rine Corps War Memorial, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 114–690). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H .R. 5199. A bill to amend title 41, United States Code, to im-prove the manner in which Federal contracts for construction and design services are awarded, and to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for design and construction services procurements; with an amendment (Rept. 114–691). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 24. A bill to require a full audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Fed-eral reserve banks by the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (Rept. 114–692). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5779. A bill to require States to auto-matically register eligible voters to vote in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JY7.000 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5006 July 14, 2016 
elections for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Admin-istration, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah (for himself and Mr. C
HAFFETZ ): H.R. 5780. A bill to provide greater con-servation, recreation, economic development and local management of Federal lands in Utah, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah (for himself and Mr. C
HAFFETZ ): H.R. 5781. A bill to complement the Utah Public Lands Initiative by ensuring land use certainty in seven counties in Utah; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. PALLONE (for himself and Mr. T
ONKO ): H.R. 5782. A bill to amend the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act of 1980 to reauthorize and improve the Brownfields revitalization program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama (for her-self, Mr. C
ICILLINE , and Ms. B ROWN of Florida): H.R. 5783. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish tax-preferred Small Business Start-up Savings Accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 5784. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to simplify the FAFSA re-quirements for dependent students, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 5785. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an annuity sup-plement for certain air traffic controllers; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself, Mr. W AL-
DEN, and Mr. B LUMENAUER ): H.R. 5786. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide for a rail spill pre-paredness fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Ms. GRAHAM (for herself and Mr. B
OST): H.R. 5787. A bill to provide for grants from the Attorney General to local education agencies to purchase and install devices that would allow for the immediate notification of appropriate officials in case of emergency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 5788. A bill to amend the Solid Waste Disposal Act to provide for the management and disposal of coal combustion residuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BARR (for himself and Ms. F
UDGE ): H.R. 5789. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the site of the Camp Nelson Civil War Heritage Park in Jessamine County, Kentucky, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. B LUM, Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina, and Mr. C UM-
MINGS ): H.R. 5790. A bill to provide adequate pro-tections for whistleblowers at the Federal Bureau of Investigation; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 5791. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require institutions of higher education to report revenue generated by each sports team, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. HURD of Texas (for himself, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. T ED L
IEU of California, Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER , Mr. C ULBERSON , and Mr. Y
ODER ): H.R. 5792. A bill to promote innovation and realize the efficiency gains and economic benefits of on-demand computing by accel-erating the acquisition and deployment of innovative technology and computing re-sources throughout the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Appropria-tions, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 5793. A bill to require the chief elec-tion officials of the States to provide voter registration forms at certain naturalization proceedings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , and Mr. D ENT): H.R. 5794. A bill to make certain improve-ments in the laws administered by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security relating to pub-lic transportation security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself and Mr. V
EASEY ): H.R. 5795. A bill to establish scientific standards and protocols across forensic dis-ciplines, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5796. A bill to amend the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act to prohibit a court from making an award of costs to a defend-ant except on a finding that an action was brought in bad faith; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FARR (for himself and Mr. T
ED L
IEUof California): H.R. 5797. A bill to protect certain seamounts, ridges, and banks in the Exclu-sive Economic Zone off the coast of Cali-fornia by the establishment of the California Seamounts and Ridges National Marine Con-servation Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. R
USH, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. D OLD, Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. B
OST): H.R. 5798. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1101 Davis Street in Evanston, Illinois, as the ‘‘Abner J. Mikva Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself, Mr. K
IND, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. W
ELCH , and Mr. S MITH of Ne-braska): H.R. 5799. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for payments for certain rural health clinic and Federally qualified health center services furnished to hospice patients under the Medicare pro-gram; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself and Mr. R
OEof Tennessee): H.R. 5800. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide criminal penalties for certain officials who mishandle classified information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. H
UNTER , and Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-fornia): H.R. 5801. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to modify the definition of ‘‘exempt H-1B nonimmigrant’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. H IMES, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. T
ONKO , and Ms. E STY): H.R. 5802. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide for the issuance of Green Bonds and to establish the United States Green Bank, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. HARDY: H.R. 5803. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a temporary elec-tion to accelerate the American Opportunity Tax Credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CULBERSON (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , and Mr. S ESSIONS ): H.R. 5804. A bill to amend section 412(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act to require the Director of the Office of Refugee Resettlement to obtain the approval of the Governor of a State before placing or reset-tling a refugee with the State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Ms. B
ONAMICI , and Mr. N EAL): H.R. 5805. A bill to increase portability of and access to retirement savings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RIBBLE: H.R. 5806. A bill to prohibit congressional recesses until Congress adopts a concurrent resolution on the budget that results in a balanced Federal budget by fiscal year 2026, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JY7.100 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5007 July 14, 2016 
determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. W
IL-
LIAMS , and Mr. M EEKS ): H.R. 5807. A bill to amend the Bank Service Company Act to permit the appropriate Fed-eral banking agencies to coordinate exami-nations of bank service companies with State banking agencies, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , and Mr. H URTof Vir-ginia): H.R. 5808. A bill to amend the Economic Growth and Regulatory Paperwork Reduc-tion Act of 1996 to ensure that Federal finan-cial regulators perform a comprehensive re-view of regulations to identify outdated or otherwise unnecessary regulatory require-ments imposed on covered persons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. W
ILLIAMS , and Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas): H.R. 5809. A bill to protect law enforce-ment officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself and Ms. B
ASS): H.R. 5810. A bill to establish a national, evidence-based, and comprehensive home study assessment standard for the evalua-tion of prospective foster parents and adop-tive parents and provide funding to States to adopt this standard; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 5811. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to assess sanitation and safe-ty conditions at Bureau of Indian Affairs fa-cilities that were constructed to provide treaty tribes access to traditional fishing grounds and expend funds on construction of facilities and structures to improve those conditions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. OLSON (for himself and Mr. G
ROTHMAN ): H.R. 5812. A bill to repeal executive over-reach, to clarify that the proper constitu-tional authority for social transformation belongs to the legislative branch; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SCHRADER (for himself, Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. C UELLAR , and Ms. G
RAHAM ): H.R. 5813. A bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to revise rules relating to changes to the exemptions from overtime pay require-ments for certain employees to provide a gradual schedule for such changes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. C
OFFMAN , and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.R. 5814. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to improve service-con-nected disability determinations for pur-poses of loan discharge; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. WALDEN (for himself, Mr. L
AB-
RADOR , Mr. N EWHOUSE , and Mr. G
OSAR ): H.R. 5815. A bill to bar prosecution under section 844(f)(1) of title 18, United States Code, in certain cases; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BABIN (for himself, Mr. A
BRA-
HAM, Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Mr. B RAT, Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. D UNCAN  of South Carolina, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. S AM J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. K
ING of Iowa, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. M
EADOWS , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R
OSS, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. W ALKER , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. Z
INKE, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. F
LEMING , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. S
ANFORD ): H.R. 5816. A bill to suspend, and subse-quently terminate, the admission of certain refugees, to examine the impact on the na-tional security of the United States of ad-mitting refugees, to examine the costs of providing benefits to such individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. L
OBI-
ONDO , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , and Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia): H.R. 5817. A bill to amend the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act to prohibit oil-, gas- , and methane hydrate-related seismic ac-tivities in the North Atlantic, Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic, and Straits of Florida plan-ning areas of the outer Continental Shelf, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BLUM (for himself, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , and Mr. B ISHOP of Michi-gan): H.R. 5818. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for expensing of property used to comply with Federal laws and regulations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself and Mr. C
ICILLINE ): H.R. 5819. A bill to amend the Help Amer-ica Vote Act of 2002 to allow all eligible vot-ers to vote by mail in Federal elections, to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to provide for automatic voter reg-istration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 5820. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop and imple-ment a fully automated electronic system for travel authorization for the Guam and Northern Mariana Islands visa waiver pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 5821. A bill to reauthorize the Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 5822. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to develop uniform policy guidelines for evaluating potential lessors for purposes of leasing property on which to build medical facilities, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5823. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to prohibit provision of assistance to or engagement with the Mus-lim Brotherhood and associated persons; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5824. A bill to provide that it shall be unlawful for foreign nationals of a country that limits the free exercise of religion in that country to make any expenditure in the United States to promote a religion in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5825. A bill to amend section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 with respect to communication between law enforcement agencies and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity about the immigration status of indi-viduals; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5826. A bill to clarify the authority of the Secretary of Homeland Security with re-spect to detainers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 5827. A bill to require the President to determine whether a sale or transfer of ad-vanced integrated air defense systems to Iran meets the requirements to impose sanc-tions under certain Iran sanctions laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, Ways and Means, and Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for herself, Ms. LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. N
ORTON , and Mr. H
ONDA ): H.R. 5828. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a high quality child care tax credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mr. C
ONAWAY ): H.R. 5829. A bill to provide for the prompt establishment by the Science Advisory Board of the Environmental Protection Agency of the agriculture committee; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. D
EFAZIO: H.R. 5830. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to apply payroll taxes to remuneration and earnings from self-em-ployment up to the contribution and benefit base and to remuneration in excess of $250,000; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 5831. A bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to establish and implement a fatigue management plan, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself and Mr. J
EFFRIES ): H.R. 5832. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the option to use a diversion program to treat maternal drug abuse in a family-centered medical context, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JY7.100 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5008 July 14, 2016 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5833. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to address lead contamination in school drinking water, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself and Ms. N
ORTON ): H.R. 5834. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to prohibit mobile service providers from providing service on smart phones that have been reported stolen, to re-quire smart phones to be equipped with anti- theft functionality and mobile device identi-fication numbers, and to prohibit the alter-ation or removal of mobile device identifica-tion numbers of smart phones, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 5835. A bill to repeal the minimum State allocation requirement for the Housing Trust Fund established under section 1338 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. B UCK, Mr. C OOK, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. L AB-
RADOR , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. D UNCAN of Ten-nessee, Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. N UNES , Mr. B
ABIN, and Mr. C OFFMAN ): H.R. 5836. A bill to provide for the orderly disposal of certain Federal lands, to benefit education and other purposes through the sales of such lands, to consolidate Federal lands to improve management, to provide for the acquisition of lands for recreational and other opportunities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. C LAY, and Ms. B ASS): H.R. 5837. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to remove the exclusion from medical assistance under the Medicaid program of items and services furnished in an institution for mental diseases in the case of inpatient, non-hospital substance use dis-order treatment facility services furnished for nonelderly adults; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. C
ARNEY , Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia): H.R. 5838. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require the disclosure of the annual percentage rates applicable to Federal student loans; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself and Ms. G
RAHAM ): H.R. 5839. A bill to establish an advisory committee to issue nonbinding government-wide guidelines on making public informa-tion available on the Internet, to require publicly available Government information held by the executive branch to be made available on the Internet, to express the sense of Congress that publicly available in-formation held by the legislative and judi-cial branches should be available on the Internet, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. JOLLY (for himself, Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. K
IND, and Mr. H ULTGREN ): H.R. 5840. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a reduced excise tax rate for portable, electronically-aerated bait containers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. NEAL): H.R. 5841. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a population based payment demonstration project under which Patient Care Networks are paid pro-spective monthly capitated payments for co-ordinated care furnished to Medicare bene-ficiaries; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. KUSTER (for herself and Mr. C
OFFMAN ): H.R. 5842. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to improve treatment for veterans suf-fering from opioid addiction and chronic pain, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ): H.R. 5843. A bill to establish a grant pro-gram at the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to promote cooperative research and de-velopment between the United States and Israel on cybersecurity; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut (for himself, Mr. L
EWIS, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. V ELA, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. B
ASS, Mr. B ERA, Mr. B EYER , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. C LARK of Massa-chusetts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H
ONDA , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. K USTER , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. E STY, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. G RAY-
SON, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. I
SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SON of Texas, Mr. K EATING , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ILDEE , Mrs. K
IRKPATRICK , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. N EAL, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. R
ANGEL , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-fornia, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mr. R USH, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. S IRES, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Ms. J UDY CHU of California, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. C UELLAR , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H
IMES, Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. L EE, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. P
INGREE , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. D
ELBENE): H.R. 5844. A bill to establish a National and Community Service Administration to carry out the national and volunteer service pro-grams, to expand participation in such pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: H.R. 5845. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish an excise tax on the production and importation of opioid pain relievers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LEWIS (for himself, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ROWN  of Florida, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Il-linois, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, and Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida): H.R. 5846. A bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to eligible entities to prevent or alleviate community violence by providing education, mentoring, and counseling services to children, adolescents, teachers, families, and community leaders on the principles and practice of non-violence; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 5847. A bill to authorize the Gandhi- King Scholarly Exchange Initiative focusing on peace and nonviolence in global conflict resolution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5848. A bill to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to include individuals participating in pre-apprentice-ship programs offered by employers and pro-vide that such employers may be reimbursed under such Act; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 5849. A bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to carry out a grant program for em-ployers to develop and carry out job training programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. H OYER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. B
ECERRA , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C AS-
TRO of Texas, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. S IRES, and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 5850. A bill to provide a coordinated regional response to effectively manage the endemic violence and humanitarian crisis in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JY7.100 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5009 July 14, 2016 
El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-dition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Financial Services, Education and the Work-force, Armed Services, and Intelligence (Per-manent Select), for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 5851. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to reaffirm the United States’ historic commitment to protecting refugees who are fleeing persecution or tor-ture; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, the Budget, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself, Mr. S
ESSIONS , and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York): H.R. 5852. A bill to amend the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970 to confirm that a customer’s net equity claim is based on the customer’s last statement and that certain recoveries are prohibited, to provide the Securities and Exchange Commission with oversight of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself and Mr. Y
ODER ): H.R. 5853. A bill to amend section 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act to make mandatory agreements under such sec-tion, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide certain identity informa-tion to the National Criminal Information Center and the Law Enforcement Support Center, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself and Ms. M
ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico): H.R. 5854. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to enhance protections of Na-tive American cultural objects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. T
AKANO , and Mr. P OCAN ): H.R. 5855. A bill to provide a requirement to improve data collection efforts; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5856. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to allow sole proprietors and the spouses and domestic partners of sole proprietors to purchase in-surance on the small business exchange, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5857. A bill to improve the ability of beginning farmers in the United States to acquire farms and participate in agricultural production, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. MCCAUL (for himself, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): H.R. 5858. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to establish a program to provide additional incentives for the development of new drugs to treat pedi-atric cancers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself, Mr. K ING of New York, Mr. H
URDof Texas, Mr. O
LSON , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. F
LORES , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Ms. M
CSALLY , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. M ICA, Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. H
IGGINS , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. G AR-
RETT , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Mr. S AMJOHN-
SON of Texas, Mr. E MMER of Min-nesota, Mr. Z
ELDIN , and Mr. N UGENT ): H.R. 5859. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the major metropolitan area counterterrorism training and exercise grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity. By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK (for himself, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. C OOK, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. N
UNES , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. T IP-
TON, and Mr. M CCARTHY ): H.R. 5860. A bill to make a categorical ex-clusion available to the Secretary of Agri-culture and the Secretary of the Interior to develop and carry out a forest management activity on Federal lands to address insect or disease infestation declared as an emergency in a State by the Governor of such State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: H.R. 5861. A bill to establish terms and con-ditions under which the Secretary of the In-terior shall convey, for fair market value, certain properties in the Lake Roosevelt Na-tional Recreation Area in the State of Wash-ington to the permittees of those properties, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 5862. A bill to establish a grant pro-gram to assist local educational agencies in improving student retention and engagement and providing resources and support to fami-lies of at-risk children, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 5863. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act to re-quire that firearms purchased with Byrne JAG funds be SMART guns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 5864. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to provide for mental health training for law enforcement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself and Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts): H.R. 5865. A bill to create penalties for massage establishment owners and employ-ees who fail to report knowledge or reason-able suspicion of sexual assault; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MENG (for herself and Mrs. D
INGELL ): H.R. 5866. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to extend the coverage of the Federal prohibition against stalking in order to provide protection to friends and co-work-ers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5867. A bill to require the development of a national strategy to secure schools against terrorism nationwide, and ensure do-mestic preparedness for and the response to terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5868. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of Health and Human Services from using any type of fee collected to advertise or mar-ket Exchanges established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MULVANEY (for himself and Mr. H
ECKof Washington): H.R. 5869. A bill to amend the Federal Credit Union Act to require the National Credit Union Administration Board to pro-vide a rationale for any amounts the Board proposes to use from the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MURPHY of Florida (for him-self and Mr. C
LAWSON of Florida): H.R. 5870. A bill to direct the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a grant program to fa-cilitate land acquisitions made to improve water quality, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 5871. A bill to provide for a land ex-change involving certain National Forest System land in the State of South Dakota, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. NUNES (for himself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California): H.R. 5872. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the taxation of mead and certain low alcohol by volume wine; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 5873. A bill to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 511 East San Antonio Avenue in El Paso, Texas, as the ‘‘R. E. Thomason Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. L
OBIONDO ): H.R. 5874. A bill to provide for the award of medals or other commendations to handlers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JY7.100 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5010 July 14, 2016 
of military working dogs and military work-ing dogs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. P
OLIS, Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. E STY, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. K IND, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. F
OSTER ): H.R. 5875. A bill to establish requirements for committees of the Senate and the Senate to consider and hold votes on nominations of individuals for appointments by the Presi-dent, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Rules. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. B
RAT, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. K IND): H.R. 5876. A bill to require the Director of the Government Publishing Office to estab-lish and maintain a website accessible to the public that allows the public to obtain elec-tronic copies of all congressionally man-dated reports in one place, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANGEVIN ): H.R. 5877. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and the United States- Israel Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 to promote cooperative homeland security re-search and antiterrorism programs relating to cybersecurity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 5878. A bill to amend title 38 and title 5, United States Code, to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs and other officials of the Department of Veterans Affairs to re-ceive health care from the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): H.R. 5879. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production from advanced nuclear power fa-cilities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 5880. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to prohibit inclusion of So-cial Security account numbers on Medicare cards, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, Mrs. B
LACK , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of Ten-nessee, Mr. F
INCHER , and Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ): H.R. 5881. A bill to amend the William Wil-berforce Trafficking Victims Protection Re-authorization Act of 2008 to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to provide no-tice to State authorities when unaccom-panied alien children are placed in that State; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama: H.R. 5882. A bill to establish the Freedom Riders National Historical Park in Anniston, Alabama, as a unit of the National Park Sys-tem, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 5883. A bill to amend the Packers and Stockyards Act, 1921, to clarify the duties re-lating to services furnished in connection with the buying or selling of livestock in commerce through online, video, or other electronic methods, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5884. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit a can-didate for election for Federal office from using amounts contributed to the can-didate’s campaign to make payments to ven-dors owned or controlled by the candidate; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5885. A bill to require the Clerk of the House of Representatives and the Secretary of the Senate to establish a process by which registered voters may sign national dis-charge petitions with respect to bills and joint resolutions introduced in or referred to the House and Senate, to require the House or Senate to hold a vote on the passage of any bill or joint resolution if a certain num-ber of registered voters sign the national dis-charge petition for the bill or joint resolu-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on House Administration, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Rules, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSH (for himself and Mr. PAL-
LONE ): H.R. 5886. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to provide assistance to schools to replace drinking water fountains that may contain lead, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 5887. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, jointly, to all U.S. nationals who joined the Royal Canadian Air Force or the Royal Air Force during World War II, both before and after Japan’s attack on Pearl Harbor, in recognition of their con-tributions to the Nation; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 5888. A bill to amend section 6 of the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘A Joint Resolu-tion to approve the Covenant To Establish a Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands in Political Union with the United States of America, and for other purposes’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 5889. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Chalan Kanoa VLG in Saipan, Northern Mar-iana Islands, as the ‘‘Segundo T. Sablan and CNMI Fallen Military Heroes Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. B ERA, and Ms. B
ORDALLO ): H.R. 5890. A bill to promote stability and security in the Asia-Pacific maritime do-mains, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5891. A bill to prohibit the Environ-mental Protection Agency from using funds to carry out the Environmental Justice Small Grants Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ of Cali-fornia: H.R. 5892. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to improve social security benefits for widows and widowers in two-in-come households; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 5893. A bill to regulate certain State impositions on interstate commerce; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself, Mr. KILDEE , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C LAY, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G
RAYSON , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. L EE, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S IRES, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 5894. A bill to repeal a limitation in the Labor-Management Relations Act re-garding requirements for labor organization membership as a condition of employment; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. SLAUGHTER (for herself and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 5895. A bill to establish an improved regulatory process to prevent the introduc-tion and establishment in the United States of injurious wildlife; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Ways and Means, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Ms. C
LARK  of Massachusetts, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. R OO-
NEY of Florida, Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 5896. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide that it is unlawful to knowingly distribute a private, visual depic-tion of a person’s intimate parts or of a per-son engaging in sexually explicit conduct, with reckless disregard for the person’s lack of consent to the distribution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 5897. A bill to utilize loans and loan guarantees under the rural broadband access program to provide broadband service for ag-ricultural producers and to provide universal service support for installation charges for broadband service for agricultural producers in order to improve precision farming and ranching, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself, Ms. M
ENG, Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. V
EASEY , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California): H.R. 5898. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to direct the Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JY7.100 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5011 July 14, 2016 
Education to provide each borrower with an individualized repayment guide; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself, Ms. M
ENG, Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California): H.R. 5899. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide for a percentage of student loan forgiveness for public service employment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 5900. A bill to require compliant flame mitigation devices to be used on portable fuel containers for flammable liquids, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. TIPTON (for himself, Mr. B
UCK, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. P
OLIS): H.R. 5901. A bill to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Pueblo, Colorado, as the ‘‘PFC James Dunn VA Clinic’’; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TONKO (for himself, Mr. S
TIV-
ERS, Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Mr. H ARPER ): H.R. 5902. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide a temporary higher Federal medical assistance percent-age for Federal expenditures under the Med-icaid program that are associated with the cost of compliance with certain Federal reg-ulations with respect to services furnished in certain intermediate care facilities or home and community-based services furnished to individuals with intellectual and develop-mental disabilities; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. F OS-
TER, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. S
ESSIONS , and Mr. B EYER ): H.R. 5903. A bill to establish the Transition to Independence demonstration program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WALKER (for himself, Mr. B
RAT, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, and Mr. B
UCK): H.R. 5904. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to deposit cer-tain funds into the general fund of the Treas-ury in accordance with provisions of Federal law with regard to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act’s Transitional Rein-surance Program; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WEBER of Texas (for himself, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. G OH-
MERT , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. Y
OHO): H.R. 5905. A bill to require full staffing at certain U.S. Border Patrol sectors, amend the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immi-grant Responsibility Act of 1996 to provide for double-layered fencing along the entire southwest border, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. WELCH (for himself, Mr. Y
AR-
MUTH , and Ms. M ATSUI ): H.R. 5906. A bill to direct the Federal Com-munications Commission to adopt rules and conduct outreach to offer recipients of as-sistance under the Lifeline Assistance Pro-gram mobile devices that are capable of re-ceiving a WiFi signal and are capable of tethering with other WiFi compatible hard-ware or devices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 5907. A bill to preserve competition among mortgage lenders, provide relief from unnecessary regulatory requirements on re-sponsible community mortgage lenders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. GOH-
MERT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. K
INGof Iowa): H.R. 5908. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide agency heads with additional authority to discipline Federal employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5909. A bill to ensure equitable treat-ment of Shee Atika, Incorporated under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act by fa-cilitating the transfer of land on Admiralty Island, Alaska and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana (for himself, Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois, and Mr. H
ECKof Nevada): H.R. 5910. A bill to amend title 31, United State Code, to establish within the Depart-ment of the Treasury an Economic Sanctions Strategy, Coordination, and Planning Group, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana (for himself, Mr. D
ELANEY , and Mr. H ECK of Ne-vada): H.R. 5911. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security and Attorney General to submit a report on the Countering Violent Extremism Task Force, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. G
RI-
JALVA , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. L INDA T. S
A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. J UDYCHU of California, and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ): H.J. Res. 97. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to make a quality education a civil right; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H. Con. Res. 147. Concurrent resolution es-tablishing the Joint Ad Hoc Committee on Trade Responsibilities to develop a plan under which the functions and responsibil-ities of the Office of the United States Trade Representative shall be moved to the legisla-tive branch in accordance with article I, sec-tion 8 of the Constitution of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Rules, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. R
IGELL , Mr. S TEWART , Mrs. M IMI W
ALTERS of California, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. M
ICA, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illi-nois, Mr. H
URDof Texas, Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. W HIT-
FIELD , Mr. F LORES , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. B
UCK, Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. C
RENSHAW , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. R
ENACCI , Ms. F OXX, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. WALBERG , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. K
LINE, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. R OONEY  of Florida, Mr. R
OSS, Mr. G OWDY , Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. C OOK, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. N UNES , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. F
LEMING , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. R
IBBLE , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. J OHN-
SON of Ohio, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. L AB-
RADOR , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. S AM JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. H
ARDY , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. Z
INKE, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. K ELLY of Penn-sylvania, Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. I SSA, Mrs. L
UMMIS , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota, Mr. P ALM-
ER, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. Y OHO, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. B RAT, Mr. D
ENHAM , and Mr. B OUSTANY ): H. Con. Res. 148. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the Sec-ond Amendment of the Constitution of the United States protects the individual right to keep and bear arms for the purpose of self- defense and that the Second Amendment right is fully applicable to the States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (for herself, Ms. L
EE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Mr. L EWIS, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. A DAMS , and Mr. S
ERRANO ): H. Res. 832. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Clinicians HIV/ AIDS Testing and Awareness Day, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CUELLAR: H. Res. 833. A resolution recommending the designation of the first Wednesday of Decem-ber as ‘‘Government Customer Service Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , and Mr. N
EWHOUSE ): H. Res. 834. A resolution recognizing the important role pollinators play in supporting ecosystems and economies; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois (for himself and Mr. C
A´RDENAS ): H. Res. 835. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States should adopt a national policy for technology to promote consumers’ access to financial tools and online com-merce to promote economic growth and con-sumer empowerment; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. LOVE: H. Res. 836. A resolution expressing the dis-approval of the House of Representatives of the final rule of the Department of Labor re-lating to defining and delimiting the exemp-tions for executive, administrative, profes-sional, outside sales, and computer employ-ees; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. NORTON (for herself and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia): H. Res. 837. A resolution expressing support for designating August 22, 2016, as national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JY7.100 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5012 July 14, 2016 
‘‘Chuck Brown Day’’ and honoring his con-tributions to music and to the District of Co-lumbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H. Res. 838. A resolution expressing support for designation of April 11 as ‘‘National Pet Adoption Day’’ and the month of April as ‘‘National Pet Adoption Month’’ to highlight the important role pets play in the lives of United States citizens; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
284. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Wyoming, relative to Enrolled Joint Resolution No. 1, to seek removal of the gray wolf and grizzly bear populations from listing under the en-dangered species act and to assist in funding programs and services for gray wolf and griz-zly bear management; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 5773. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution: ‘‘Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needfid Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5779. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The authority for the introduction of this bill is Article I, Section 4, of the U.S. Con-stitution. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 5780. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section III By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 5781. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section III By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 5782. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama: H.R. 5783. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and the six-teenth amendment [Page H1826] By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 5784. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 5785. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. DeFAZIO: H.R. 5786. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Ms. GRAHAM: H.R. 5787. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One of the Constitution By Mr. McKINLEY: H.R. 5788. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 5789. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Con-gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecing the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. CHAFFETZ: H.R. 5790. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, United States Constitution (Providing for the common de-fense and general welfare of the United States). By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: H.R. 5791. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution provides Congress with the author-ity to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper’’ to provide for the ‘‘gen-eral Welfare’’ of Americans. In the Depart-ment of Education Organization Act (P.L. 96–88), Congress declared that ‘‘the establish-ment of a Department of Education is in the public interest, will promote the general welfare of the United States, will help ensure that education issues receive proper treat-ment at the Federal level, and will enable the Federal Government to coordinate its education activities more effectively.’’ The Department of Education’s mission is to ‘‘promote student achievement and prepara-tion for global competitiveness by fostering educational excellence and ensuring equal access By Mr. HURD of Texas: H.R. 5792. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section IX—No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in consequence of approprations made by law; and a regular statement and account of the receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 5793. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion under the General Welfare Clause. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5794. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘to pro-vide for the common Defence’’ and the power of Congress to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution’’ as enumerated in Article I, section 8. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 5795. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5796. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. FARR: H.R. 5797. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. 1, Sec. 8, Clause 8 of U.S. Constitution By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 5798. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 5799. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 5800. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 5801. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art 1 Section 8 to establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization By Mr. VAN HOLLEN: H.R. 5802. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HARDY: H.R. 5803. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘Clause I of section 8 of article I of the Constitution’’. By Mr. CULBERSON: H.R. 5804. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5805. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. RIBBLE: H.R. 5806. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I grants Congress broad authority on budgetary matters. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 5807. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 5808. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 5809. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JY7.100 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5013 July 14, 2016 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 5810. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Offi-cer thereof’’ By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 5811. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, and Article II, Section 2, Clause 2 By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 5812. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 5813. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5814. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 5815. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 5816. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 5817. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. BLUM: H.R. 5818. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 5819. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4, Clause 1 By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 5820. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. B
ORDALLO : H.R. 5821. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BOUSTANY: H.R. 5822. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5823. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 gives Con-gress the power ‘‘To Make Rules for the Gov-ernment.’’ By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5824. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 gives Con-gress the power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations.’’ By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5825. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 4 of the United States Constitution expressly gives the United States Congress the power to estab-lish a uniform rule of naturalization By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 5826. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 4 of the United States Constitution expressly gives the United States Congress the power to estab-lish a uniform rule of naturalization By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 5827. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations’’ By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 5828. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 5829. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. DeFAZIO: H.R. 5830. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section VIII Clause I By Ms. DeLAURO: H.R. 5831. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 5832. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18. By Ms. DUCKWORTH: H.R. 5833. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 18 By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 5834. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 5835. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 5836. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Prop-erty Clause). Congress has the power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States. By virtue of this enumerated power, Congress has gov-erning authority over the lands, territories, or other property of the United States—and with this authority Congress is vested with the power to all owners in fee, the ability to sell, lease, dispose, exchange, convey, or sim-ply preserve land. The Supreme Court has described this enumerated power as one ‘‘without limitation’’ in Kleppe v New Mex-ico, 426 U.S. 529, 542–543 (1976). By Mr. HASTINGS: H.R. 5837. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 5838. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I. Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. Article I. Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers, vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 5839. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The legislature power vested in Congress by Article I of the Constitution to conduct oversight of executive agencies, and the ‘‘Necessary and Proper’’ clause found in Ar-ticle I, section 8, c1.18. By Mr. JOLLY: H.R. 5840. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5841. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Ms. KUSTER: H.R. 5842. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Paragraph 18. By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 5843. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: H.R. 5844. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States of America By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: H.R. 5845. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 5846. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Oct 13, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\JUL2016\H14JY6.REC H14JY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5014 July 14, 2016 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. LEWIS: H.R. 5847. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 5848. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution of the United States grants the Congress the power to enact this law. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 5849. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Con-stitution which grants Congress the power to provide for the general Welfare of the United States. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 5850. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Con-stitution. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 5851. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 5852. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 5853. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 4 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution, which gives Con-gress the power to establish a uniform rule of naturalization. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 5854. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5855. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5856. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5857. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. M
CCAUL: H.R. 5858. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the Constitution By Mr. MCCAUL: H.R. 5859. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK: H.R. 5860. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Prop-erty Clause), which confers on Congress the power to make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the property belonging to the United States. By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: H.R. 5861. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. McNERNEY: H.R. 5862. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. McNERNEY: H.R. 5863. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. McNERNEY: H.R. 5864. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 5865. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. MENG: H.R. 5866. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5867. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5868. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MULVANEY: H.R. 5869. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. ‘‘To regulate Commerce . . .’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 14. ‘‘To make Rules for the Government . . .’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mr. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 5870. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 5871. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2, relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or property belonging to the United States By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 5872. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 5873. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer there-of’’. By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 5874. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 5875. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 5, Clause 2 By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 5876. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 5877. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 5878. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 5879. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-
ties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.068 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5015 July 14, 2016 
and provide for the common defense and gen-eral welfare of the United States; but all du-ties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 5880. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is introduced pursuant to the powers granted to Congress under the Gen-eral Welfare Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 1), the Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3), and the Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 18). Further, this statement of constitutional authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 5881. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Constitution of the United States Ar-ticle I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18. By Mr. ROGERS of Alabama: H.R. 5882. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to COngress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. ROUZER: H.R. 5883. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Consistent with the understanding and in-terpretation of the Commerce Clause, Con-gress has the authority to enact this legisla-tion in accordance with Clause 3 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5884. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. RUIZ: H.R. 5885. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 5886. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8—Powers of Congress The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 5887. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 18 of Sections of Article I of the United States Constitution.’’ By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 5888. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, 4, 18 and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 5889. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5890. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. SALMON: H.R. 5891. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Ms. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ of Cali-fornia: H.R. 5892. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One, section 8, clause 18: Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 5893. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the legislative powers granted to Congress by that clause to ‘‘regulate Com-merce . . . among the several States;’’ Arti-cle I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. SHERMAN: H.R. 5894. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. SLAUGHTER: H.R. 5895. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 5896. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 5897. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 5898. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Sections 8 and 9 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 5899. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sections 8 and 9 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 5900. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 5901. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Article I, Sec-tion 8 By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 5902. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Ex-cises to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ By Mr. VAN HOLLEN: H.R. 5903. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 5904. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18. By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 5905. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 & Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 5906. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 5907. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreigns Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 5908. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To . . . provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 5909. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 5910. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of section 8 of article 1 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: H.R. 5911. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. HONDA: H.J. Res. 97. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V of the Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:06 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.072 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5016 July 14, 2016 
H.R. 12: Mr. H INOJOSA . H.R. 27: Mr. S
ALMON , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illi- nois, and Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 244: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 430: Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. H INOJOSA , and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 446: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. H.R. 448: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 525: Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 551: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 592: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 612: Mr. B
ENISHEK . H.R. 665: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 670: Mr. H
ARDY . H.R. 672: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 711: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 746: Mr. L
ANGEVIN and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 771: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 814: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 835: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 842: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 865: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 879: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. M CCAUL, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. D UFFY . H.R. 885: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 912: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 929: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 954: Mr. R
OSKAM and Mr. H ULTGREN . H.R. 969: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 973: Mr. R
ICHMOND and Mr. H INOJOSA . H.R. 980: Mr. F
LEMING . H.R. 1061: Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 1117: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1124: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 1130: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 1142: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 1151: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1192: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mr. B
ENISHEK . H.R. 1197: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1211: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1218: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS and Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1220: Mr. N
UNES and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1258: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 1271: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1278: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 1284: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California and Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 1310: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1336: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 1391: Mr. A
SHFORD , Mr. A GUILAR , and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 1449: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 1516: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 1549: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 1552: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 1559: Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 1608: Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana, Mr. P
OSEY , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 1686: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. M ENG, and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 1706: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 1728: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 1763: Mr. N
EWHOUSE and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 1793: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 1811: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 1865: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 1877: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1942: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 1943: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 1945: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 1974: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 2016: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 2096: Mr. C
ALVERT , Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 2124: Mr. B
ERA, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2143: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 2148: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 2150: Ms. G
RAHAM . H.R. 2169: Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 2170: Mr. R
YANof Ohio and Mr. S HIM-
KUS. H.R. 2173: Mr. O’R
OURKE and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. H.R. 2237: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 2296: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2302: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Ms. L INDA T. S
A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. C ASTOR of Flor- ida, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. H INOJOSA . H.R. 2315: Mr. F
LORES and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 2342: Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 2403: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 2404: Mr. R
EICHERT and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 2477: Mr. B
EYER and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . H.R. 2483: Mr. S
CALISE . H.R. 2493: Mr. P
ASCRELL and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 2500: Mr. B
ABIN and Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 2624: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2663: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2669: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 2680: Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. B ONAMICI , and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2694: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H INOJOSA , and Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 2716: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 2726: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. P
OMPEO , Mr. B ARR, Mr. F LEMING , Mr. A BRA-
HAM, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. M URPHY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. B
ARTON , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. D UFFY , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. N
UNES , Mr. I SSA, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. S
IMPSON , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. H
UELSKAMP , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. S
CALISE , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. K
LINE, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. H
ARDY , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. G IBSON , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. R EED, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. M EE-
HAN, Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. G OWDY , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C ONAWAY , MR. M
ARCHANT , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . H.R. 2737: Mr. K
ING of New York, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 2799: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. T
URNER , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 2813: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 2817: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 2844: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2849: Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 2883: Mr. G
IBSON and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 2902: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 2903: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 2944: Mr. G
ARRETT and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 2948: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 2962: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 3012: Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. B ARR, and Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 3051: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 3061: Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , and Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3071: Mr. H
INOJOSA and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 3084: Mr. C
LAY, Mr. K INGof New York, and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3090: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3095: Mr. P
IERLUISI . H.R. 3099: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3119: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 3222: Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 3229: Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. N
EAL, and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 3235: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 3244: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 3255: Mr. D
UFFY and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 3268: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 3316: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. L AN-
GEVIN . H.R. 3337: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3346: Mr. S
CHRADER and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 3351: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3377: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3381: Mr. D
ENHAM and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 3455: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 3471: Mr. B
ERA, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. C AS-
TROof Texas, Mr. V ELA, and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 3474: Ms. K
APTUR and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H.R. 3481: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 3514: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 3516: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 3520: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 3632: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 3652: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3656: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD and Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 3659: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 3679: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 3683: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 3690: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3706: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana, and Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 3710: Mr. N
UGENT . H.R. 3720: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 3727: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3742: Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. D EUTCH , and Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 3743: Mr. B
ABIN and Mr. N EWHOUSE . H.R. 3765: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 3815: Mr. P
ASCRELL and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 3816: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 3846: Mr. J
OYCE and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 3849: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 3870: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 3882: Mr. H
INOJOSA , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , and Mr. G RAYSON . H.R. 3886: Mr. L
ANGEVIN and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 3913: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 3929: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 4007: Mr. Y
OHO. H.R. 4055: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4065: Mr. N
UGENT . H.R. 4094: Mr. G
UINTA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:57 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.048 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5017 July 14, 2016 
H.R. 4137: Ms. K USTER . H.R. 4151: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Mr. R EICHERT . H.R. 4172: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4177: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. D
ELANEY , and Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4202: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 4212: Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 4214: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 4216: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 4237: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 4247: Mr. H
ANNA and Mr. R OSKAM . H.R. 4287: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 4320: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 4363: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 4381: Mr. F
ORBES and Mr. S ABLAN . H.R. 4394: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 4422: Mr. P
IERLUISI . H.R. 4450: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 4463: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4481: Ms. B
ASS, Mr. S IRES, Mr. O’R
OURKE , and Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 4514: Mr. G
RAYSON and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 4525: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4526: Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. G OSAR . H.R. 4558: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 4559: Mr. H
UDSON and Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 4575: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 4585: Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 4588: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4600: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 4603: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4614: Mr. L
ONG and Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4615: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 4621: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 4622: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4625: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. A MODEI , Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. M
EEHAN , and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 4632: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4662: Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 4664: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4695: Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4699: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 4706: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 4715: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 4730: Mr. G
UINTA . H.R. 4751: Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.R. 4764: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 4773: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 4833: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4848: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 4893: Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 4927: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 4932: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4938: Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. H
URTof Virginia, Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. H ECK of Washington. H.R. 4943: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 4959: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4980: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 5007: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 5008: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 5009: Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 5015: Mr. B
OUSTANY and Mr. P ALAZZO . H.R. 5025: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 5061: Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 5067: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 5082: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois, and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 5095: Mr. N
EAL, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 5122: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 5137: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 5146: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 5157: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5166: Mr. B
ERA, Mr. E MMER of Min- nesota, and Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 5167: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5168: Ms. S
INEMA and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 5172: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5180: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. B ARR, Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C OLLINS of Geor- gia, Mr. S
AM JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. G
RANGER , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. H
INOJOSA , Mr. R OUZER , and Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 5182: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 5183: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 5188: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 5198: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5213: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 5221: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida and Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 5240: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 5256: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5258: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 5260: Mr. H
INOJOSA , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 5263: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 5271: Mr. B
OUSTANY and Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 5292: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 5301: Mr. B
ABIN and Mr. M ARCHANT . H.R. 5319: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 5320: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 5361: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 5365: Mr. D
ENHAM . H.R. 5369: Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. B ISHOP of Geor- gia, and Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 5392: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 5396: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 5404: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5409: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 5418: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 5428: Mr. C
ALVERT and Mr. C ARTER of Texas. H.R. 5436: Mrs. D
INGELL and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN. H.R. 5440: Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 5457: Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. F LORES , Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. E MMER of Min- nesota, Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 5474: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 5477: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5484: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 5486: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 5488: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 5489: Mr. H
ANNA and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 5499: Mr. G
UINTA . H.R. 5506: Mr. R
EED, Mr. F LORES , Mr. A
GUILAR , and Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 5523: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 5537: Mr. M
CCAULand Ms. B ASS. H.R. 5545: Mr. R
ENACCI and Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 5555: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 5560: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 5571: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. E
DWARDS , and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 5576: Mr. D
ONOVAN and Ms. G RAHAM . H.R. 5583: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. K
IND, and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5587: Mr. C
OOKand Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 5591: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 5593: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 5598: Mr. MEEKS , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 5599: Mr. C
LAY, Mr. V ELA, and Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5613: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 5619: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. B UCK, and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 5620: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. J OHN-
SONof Ohio, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. L
AMBORN , and Mr. S MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 5621: Mr. P
ERRY , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. F LORES , Mr. B RAT, Mr. H
URD of Texas, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. F
INCHER , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. H
URT of Virginia, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART , Mr. T URNER , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. W AL-
DEN, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor- gia, Mr. M
ICA, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. W
ESTMORELAND , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. M
ESSER , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. I
SSA, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. D OLD, Mr. K
IND, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. L IPIN-
SKI, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C
LAY, Ms. B ASS, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. W IL-
SONof South Carolina, Ms. M ENG, Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Ms. T ITUS, Ms. E
STY, Mrs. C APPS , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. P ETER -
SON, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. S HERMAN , and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 5625: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 5646: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 5650: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 5654: Mr. J
OYCE . H.R. 5659: Ms. S
INEMA and Mr. B ARTON . H.R. 5666: Mr. N
EWHOUSE . H.R. 5668: Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B
ARR, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 5671: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C LAY, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 5682: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. E
DWARDS , Ms. L EE, and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 5683: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 5686: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 5689: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 5691: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , and Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 5697: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia and Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 5704: Mr. C
OOKand Mr. J ONES . H.R. 5708: Mr. W
EBER of Texas and Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 5719: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 5720: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. S
IRES, and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 5721: Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 5727: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 5728: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 5732: Mr. K
EATING , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 5734: Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 5746: Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. P OLIS, and Ms. M
ENG. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.053 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5018 July 14, 2016 
H.R. 5747: Mr. S TEWART . H.R. 5749: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5755: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY and Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana. H.J. Res. 13: Mr. L
ABRADOR . H.J. Res. 22: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Il- linois, Ms. A
DAMS , and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.J. Res, 52: Mr. P
IERLUISI , Mr. S ABLAN , and Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.J. Res. 55: Mr. K
ATKO . H.J. Res. 95: Mr. M
OOLENAAR and Mrs. L
OVE. H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. H
ARDY and Mr. N
UGENT . H. Con. Res. 128: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. F
INCHER , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT . H. Con. Res. 132: Mr. K
EATING . H. Con. Res. 140: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. K IND, Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Mr. B ERA, Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, Mr. G UINTA , Mr. B ENISHEK , and Mr. F
INCHER . H. Con. Res. 141: Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. P ALLONE , and Mr. V EASEY . H. Con. Res. 143: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, and Mr. W
ELCH . H. Con. Res. 146: Mr. T
HORNBERRY , Mr. B
LUM, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. S
HUSTER . H. Res. 112: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia and Mr. C
OHEN . H. Res. 184: Mr. N
OLAN . H. Res. 289: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H. Res. 331: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H. Res. 360: Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. K IND, and Mr. M
CKINLEY . H. Res. 424: Mr. K
ATKO . H. Res. 467: Mr. F
ARR, Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. W
ELCH . H. Res. 494: Mr. M
CCAUL and Mr. H EN-
SARLING . H. Res. 586: Ms. M
ATSUI . H. Res. 591: Mr. H
IGGINS and Mr. N UGENT . H. Res. 634: Mr. K
EATING and Mr. S HERMAN . H. Res. 686: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. N EAL, Mr. H INO-
JOSA, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H. Res. 728: Mr. H
ECKof Washington. H. Res. 729: Ms. B
ASS, Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H. Res. 739: Mr. C
OHEN . H. Res. 740: Mr. T
URNER . H. Res. 753: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. T ED L
IEUof California. H. Res. 776: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia and Ms. K
APTUR . H. Res. 782: Mr. O’ROURKE and Mr. K INGof New York. H. Res. 784: Ms. D
ELBENE. H. Res. 786: Ms. M
ENG. H. Res. 807: Mr. K
EATING . H. Res. 808: Mr. S
HERMAN . H. Res. 810: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H. Res. 811: Mr. G
UINTA , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . H. Res. 813: Mr. C
RENSHAW , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. N
UGENT . H. Res. 817: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Mr. M
ULVANEY . H. Res. 824: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions as follows: 
H.R. 2446: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4019: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H. Res. 686: Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali- fornia. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS Under clause 2 of rule XV, the fol-lowing discharge petition was filed: 
Petition 6, July 11, 2016, by Mr. COURT-NEY on H.R. 1434, was signed by the fol-lowing Members: Mr. Courtney, Mr. Welch, Mr. Perlmutter, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Deutch, Mr. Larson of Connecticut, Ms. Bass, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Tonko, Ms. Eshoo, Ms. Clark of Massachusetts, Mr. Kildee, Mr. Hoyer, Mr. Takano, Mr. Thompson of California, Ms. Vela´zquez, Mrs. Watson Coleman, Ms. Clarke of New York, Ms. Sewell of Alabama, Mrs. Lawrence, Mr. Capuano, Mrs. Dingell, Ms. Kuster, Mrs. Capps, Mr. Pocan, Mr. Walz, Mr. Ryan of Ohio, Mr. Bera, Ms. Slaughter, Mr. Murphy of Florida, Mr. Cartwright, Mrs. Torres, Mr. Sires, Mr. Brendan F. Boyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Mr. Ruiz, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Nadler, Mr. Keating, Mr. Crowley, Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Mr. Gene Green of Texas, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Ashford, Mr. Doggett, Mr. Yarmuth, Ms. Hahn, Mr. Kilmer, Ms. Linda T. Sa´nchez of California, Mr. DeFazio, Mr. Cohen, Ms. Brownley of California, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Ms. Meng, Miss Rice of New York, Mr. Payne, Mr. Johnson of Geor-gia, Ms. Brown of Florida, Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, Mr. Cicilline, Mr. Butterfield, Mr. Langevin, Ms. Pingree, Ms. Duckworth, Mr. Vargas, Ms. Speier, Ms. DeLauro, Ms. Schakowsky, Mr. Levin, Mr. Loebsack, Mr. McNerney, Mr. Ca´rdenas, Mr. Moulton, Mr. McGovern, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Gutie´rrez, Ms. Frankel of Florida, Ms. Wil-son of Florida, Ms. Castor of Florida, Mr. Clay, Ms. Moore, Ms. Titus, Ms. Kaptur, Mr. Cuellar, Mrs. Napolitano, Mr. Carney, Ms. Bonamici, Ms. Esty, Mr. DeSaulnier, Mr. Honda, Ms. Lofgren, Ms. Roybal-Allard, Mr. Van Hollen, Mr. Ted Lieu of California, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. Aguilar, Mr. Nolan, Mr. Lowenthal, Mr. Israel, Mr. Quigley, Ms. Fudge, Mrs. Beatty, Mr. Swalwell of Cali-fornia, Mr. Hinojosa, Mr. Pascrell, Mr. Heck of Washington, Mrs. Bustos, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. Becerra, Mr. Ben Ray Luja´n of New Mex-ico, Ms. Matsui, Mr. Scott of Virginia, Ms. Tsongas, Mr. Rush, Mr. Grayson, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania, Mr. Polis, Mr. Neal, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Mr. Ruppers-berger, Mr. Schiff, Mr. Schrader, Mr. Gallego, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Mr. Al Green of Texas, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Beyer, Mr. Foster, Ms. Judy Chu of Cali-fornia, Mr. Higgins, Mrs. Kirkpatrick, Mr. Larsen of Washington, Mr. Norcross, Ms. McCollum, Ms. Adams, Ms. Jackson Lee, Mr. Castro of Texas, Mr. Cleaver, Mr. Meeks, Ms. Edwards, Mr. Carson of Indiana, Ms. DelBene, Mr. Kind, Mr. McDermott, Mr. Elli-son, Mr. Vela, Ms. Lee, Mr. Delaney, Ms. DeGette, Ms. Pelosi, Mr. Farr, Mr. O’Rourke, Mr. Price of North Carolina, Mrs. Davis of California, Mr. Clyburn, Mr. Rangel, Mr. Cummings, Ms. Loretta Sanchez of Cali-fornia, Mr. Smith of Washington, Ms. Gabbard, Ms. Sinema, Mr. Danny K. Davis of Illinois, Mr. Pallone, Mr. Veasey, Mr. Peter-son, Mr. Engel, Mr. Blumenauer, Mrs. Lowey, and Mr. Sherman. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge peti-tion: 
Petition 5 by Mrs. LOWEY on H.R. 5044: Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Crowley, and Mr. Levin. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:24 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.057 H14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5099 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 14, 2016 No. 114 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. God of peace, help us to receive Your peace today and become Your instru-ments of reconciliation on Earth. For-give us for the times we have permitted acrimony to deface Your image in hu-manity. Use our lawmakers to commu-nicate Your peace, bringing hope and healing to our Nation and world. Lord, make our Senators channels of Your grace to transform discord into har-mony and conflict into cooperation. Help us to hear the drumbeat of Your direction and march to the cadence of Your guidance. And Lord, bless the illustrious sum-mer 2016 Senate page class that pre-pares to leave Capitol Hill. Thank You for the faithfulness of these out-standing young people. We pray in Your wonderful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
ELLER ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Chair lays be-fore the Senate the House message to accompany S. 2943, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: Resolved, That the House insist upon its amendment to the bill (S. 2943) entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes,’’ and ask a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
COMPOUND MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to disagree in the amendment of the House, agree to the request from the House for a conference, and appoint the following conferees: Senators M
CCAIN, INHOFE , S ESSIONS , W ICKER , A
YOTTE , F ISCHER , C OTTON , R OUNDS , E
RNST , TILLIS , SULLIVAN , LEE, GRAHAM , C
RUZ, R EED, N ELSON , M CCASKILL , M
ANCHIN , S HAHEEN , G ILLIBRAND , B
LUMENTHAL , D ONNELLY , H IRONO , K
AINE, KING, and H EINRICH . 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to disagree in the House amendment, agree to the request from the House for a conference, and the appointing of the fol-lowing conferees: Senators McCain, Inhofe, Sessions, Wicker, Ayotte, Fischer, Cotton, Rounds, Ernst, Tillis, Sullivan, Lee, Graham, Cruz, Reed, Nelson, McCaskill, Manchin, Shaheen, Gillibrand, Blumenthal, Donnelly, Hirono, Kaine, King, Heinrich. Mitch McConnell, John McCain, Tom Cotton, Kelly Ayotte, James Lankford, John Thune, Orrin G. Hatch, Johnny Isakson, Mike Crapo, Thom Tillis, John Hoeven, Joni Ernst, Deb Fischer, Jeff Sessions, David Perdue, Richard Burr, Dan Sullivan. Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR —H.R. 10, 
H.R. 4465, H.R. 4487, AND H .R. 4901 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there are four bills at the desk due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bills by title for the second time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 10) to reauthorize the Scholar-ships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes. A bill (H.R. 4465) to decrease the deficit by consolidating and selling Federal buildings and other civilian real property, and for other purposes. A bill (H.R. 4487) to reduce costs of Federal real estate, improve building security, and for other purposes. A bill (H.R. 4901) to reauthorize the Schol-arships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place the bills on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bills will be placed on the calendar. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
LEGISLATION BEFORE THE SENATE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, it is hard to understand why our Demo-cratic friends continue to filibuster the funding needed to fight Zika. We have already shown the reality behind various claims and half-truths about the compromise anti-Zika con-ference report: the idea that it would underfund Zika; the idea that it would prohibit funding for or deny access to birth control; the idea that it would ac-tually weaken clean water protections; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.000 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5100 July 14, 2016 
the idea that its offsets don’t have any bipartisan support; the idea that it would cut funding for veterans. We have shown that all of these claims just don’t stand up to scrutiny. Despite all this, Democrats now say they will only accept the Zika bill if it limits health care funding in the terri-tories that need it most, drops critical funding for our veterans, and even re-stricts the ability to kill mosquitos. That is apparently their position. My friend the Democratic leader warns that these mosquitos are ‘‘vicious,’’ ‘‘awful,’’ and ‘‘ravaging.’’ He is just not all that interested in killing them. So I would like to echo the words of the senior Senator from Texas, who said that our Democratic colleagues seem to be operating in a ‘‘logic-free zone’’ when it comes to Zika. It is time to get back to reality. This is a serious crisis that demands serious solutions. It is time for our friends to start wor-rying less about pleasing outside polit-ical groups and start worrying more about actually helping the Americans who are counting on all of us. We have a conference report. It is be-fore us. It contains the exact level of funding to fight Zika that Democrats already agreed to—$1.1 billion. It in-cludes more health care funding than the bill that originally passed the Sen-ate. It does not prohibit funding for or deny access to birth control. It con-tains bipartisan offsets that move money from lower priorities to higher priorities. It contains temporary but meaningful reforms that actually allow us to fight mosquitoes in an effective way. It also honors our veterans with record levels of funding. This compromise conference report offers the only way to get this done now. The only way to achieve the out-come is to pass this conference report now. We could pass it today. I am urging our colleagues to please look within themselves and make the right decision. Otherwise, what will they say to pregnant mothers this sum-mer? What will they say to our vet-erans the rest of the summer? I hope our friends will think about what they will say to our Active-Duty troops as well. As every colleague knows, there are two types of bills nec-essary to fund our military. First is the Defense authorization bill, which authorizes the many things our mili-tary needs. Democrats voted with us to pass that important bill last month. Second is the Defense appropriations bill, which actually funds the things the Defense authorization bill author-izes. That is the bill Democrats have been filibustering since last week. In other words, Democrats are happy to make promises to our men and women in uniform with the Defense authoriza-tion bill, but they are not prepared to keep those promises by actually pass-ing the Defense appropriations bill. Both the current and incoming Democratic leaders essentially just made this point themselves. Here is what the senior Democrat from New York said just yesterday: [A bill] without actual appropriations . . . is like a Hollywood movie set: Something that appears real on the surface but has no substance and no life behind its false facade. 
Here is what my friend the Demo-cratic leader said: 
Authorizing legislation is a start, but without resources, it’s very, very meaning-less. 
Very, very meaningless. A false fa-cade. Harsh words from Democrats about their own actions on defense funding. In an attempt to make a misleading political point about the CARA bill—a point that doesn’t hold water, of course—these Democratic leaders inad-vertently stepped on their own party’s message for opposing the funding bill our military needs. If they really be-lieve what they said to be true, then why are Senate Democrats blocking the Defense appropriations bill when they talk about how important it is to actually provide ‘‘real funding’’? This is a defense funding bill that the top Democrat on the Defense Sub-committee called ‘‘a responsible ap-proach to protecting our country.’’ It is a bill that every single Democrat and every single Republican supported in the Appropriations Committee. It also respects the budget caps in place. It is the epitome of regular order—the epitome of regular order. Senate Demo-crats may try to spin their actions now, but it all boils down to one thing: This is just a partisan game. At a time when we face an array of daunting challenges around the globe, it is imperative that the Senate take the next steps today to provide the re-sources and training our servicemem-bers need. The CIA Director recently said he would be surprised if ISIL isn’t trying to carry out an attack in the United States like the one we saw recently in Istanbul. And we are continuing to see terrorism hit home in Orlando and San Bernardino and across the world in places like Bangladesh and Baghdad and Saudi Arabia. These factors only underscore the importance of taking up and passing this defense funding bill as soon as possible. They also underscore the importance of our Commander in Chief finally leading a campaign to de-feat ISIL, which is the only way to end ISIL-directed and ISIL-inspired ter-rorism once and for all. It is clear that preventing future at-tacks inside our borders requires de-feating ISIL where it exists—beyond our borders. Passing this defense fund-ing bill is crucial to achieving that goal, just as it is crucial to fulfilling the commitment that President Obama made last week regarding the 8,400 troops who will remain in Afghanistan through the end of his administration. The President’s statement represents another glaring example of why the Senate must pass this Defense appro-priations measure. It is what is needed to fund the training to prepare forces for deployment to Afghanistan and the weapons they will carry and the spare parts and fuel consumed in training and operations and the ammunition they will need to execute their mis-sions. It also includes resources to fund basic pay, deliver necessary medical services, and support quality-of-life programs that military families count on. The President has made a commit-ment to our allies, and we must meet our commitment to the force. Our men and women in uniform cou-rageously put themselves in harm’s way to help keep our country safe. They do so willingly. They do so volun-tarily. They don’t ask for much in re-turn, and they never ever forsake their commitment. Senators shouldn’t for-sake their commitment, either. Today, our Democratic colleagues will have the opportunity to join us in meeting the first part of that commit-ment by voting to go to conference on the Defense authorization bill. Then they will have the opportunity to join us in meeting the second part of that commitment by voting to end their fil-ibuster of the defense funding bill so we can pass it. America’s men and women in uni-form don’t need ‘‘false facades’’ or ‘‘very, very meaningless’’ gestures from our Democratic colleagues. They need Democrats to put politics aside and join us in advancing a strong De-fense authorization bill and a strong Defense appropriations bill because our servicemembers and our national secu-rity depend on both of these bills. Despite Senate Democrats’ efforts to put partisan politics before pressing issues like national security and Zika, the Republican-led Senate is working hard to advance solutions for the American people. One newspaper recently declared that the Senate ‘‘has settled into a new nor-mal’’ under Republican leadership, ‘‘passing bills at [a] rate not seen in decades.’’ That is good news for the American people, and here is why. The new normal includes more than 225 bills that have been passed, along with more than 140 bills that have be-come law, and I am not just talking about bills from Republicans but bills from Democrats as well. For instance, the senior Senator from Delaware who has seen four of his bills become law; for instance, the senior Senator from California who has seen three become law; and, for instance, our Democratic colleagues from Rhode Island and Min-nesota who saw the CARA bill they worked on with Republican Senators like Senator P
ORTMAN , Senator A
YOTTE , and Senator G RASSLEY pass yesterday. CARA is a comprehensive legislative response to the prescription opioid and heroin epidemic that is ravaging our country. Legislation to address this epidemic languished under a previous Judiciary chairman, but Senator G
RASSLEY worked to change that. He made it a priority, and he moved it swiftly. CARA wouldn’t have been pos-sible without him, just as it wouldn’t have been possible without Members 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.004 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5101 July 14, 2016 
like P ORTMAN and A YOTTE , who have worked to drive this bill forward every step of the way. I would also like to thank Senator A
LEXANDER for his work in the conference committee to secure a strong final bill. The bill we passed will help protect Americans from ad-diction and overdose, and we expect the President to sign it into law soon. Here is another important bill we passed yesterday and also expect the President to sign into law soon. It is the most comprehensive aviation secu-rity reform legislation in a decade, and it contains significant consumer pro-tections for airline passengers as well. This important bill will help protect Americans at our airports and in our skies, and it would not have been pos-sible without the good work of Senator T
HUNE , who worked with Senator N EL-
SONto guide it through to passage. In just the past week or so, we saw the crisis in Puerto Rico, and we re-sponded with responsible legislation designed to prevent a taxpayer bailout and at the same time help the Puerto Rican people. We saw the threat of rising food prices for middle-class families, and we responded with science-based legisla-tion designed to prevent confusing and costly laws in one State from raising grocery bills in another. While Senate Democrats are now try-ing to make it impossible to get the basic work of government accom-plished with some filibuster summer sequel, we have been able to make progress there too. The full Appropria-tions Committee has approved all 12 funding bills—at a record early time and with broad bipartisan support— many of them with unanimous backing from both sides. The full Senate has passed some on the floor, and if our Democratic friends would work with us, we could pass the others as well. The Republican-led Senate set out to give these appropriations bills ample amount of floor time for Senators to debate the measures so more of the American people could be represented in the lawmaking process, and that is what we have done. The Republican-led Senate set out to give colleagues from both sides more of a voice, allowing amendments and bills from both sides because better process leads to better results for the Amer-ican people, and that is what we have done. We did so because this Repub-lican majority is following through on what we set out to do from the begin-ning: open up the legislative process, get committees up and running again, empower Members from both sides, find areas of common ground, and advance legislation that can make a difference for people all across our country. Just because Democrats are again re-verting to their dysfunctional ways be-cause they believe it suits them politi-cally, it doesn’t change the reality that we have made significant progress in restoring the Senate to significantly better health. We have clearly put the Senate back to work too. There are so many other measures we have passed besides those I have mentioned already: ground-breaking reforms in education and in transportation, permanent tax relief for families and small businesses, trad-ing more of Washington’s annual patches and punts for real solutions. All of these good ideas and so many more are now law, which benefit the people we represent. We have gotten so much done al-ready, but there is much more we can do, as long as our Democratic col-leagues aren’t determined to obstruct for its own sake. I think many on the other side have much to ponder over this upcoming State work period. Think about Zika, my Democratic col-leagues. Think about veterans over the summer. Think about our men and women in uniform. Then they will have to decide, do they want to continue with these partisan games on critical issues like Zika and National Defense or do they want to work with us to keep making progress for our country. We will certainly give them more op-portunities to make progress on appro-priations. We will certainly give them opportunities to make progress on im-portant issues like Energy and Defense. Even if Democratic leaders might pre-fer dysfunction and partisan games, Members from both sides know the Re-publican-led Senate has given them more of an opportunity to move legis-lation and their constituents more of a voice. Let me say that again. This Repub-lican-led Senate has given all Senators more of an opportunity to move legis-lation; thereby, giving their constitu-ents more of a voice. With continued hard work and co-operation from our friends across the aisle, we can continue to add to that record of achievement for the people, the American people all across our country. After all, isn’t that what they sent us here for? 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
ISSUES BEFORE THE SENATE  
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I assume my Republican friend feels that if you say just the opposite of what is valid and true, some people will believe it. You talk about a logic-free zone, as my friend mentioned—boy, we got one in the last half hour here. We do have a new normal here, and it is not a good new normal. Take, for example, de-fense. The Republican leader resorts to name-calling, trying to paint Demo-crats as weak on defense. He cites Democrats voting against proceeding to the Defense appropriations bill be-fore we have a budget deal. Let me remind the American people, let me remind the Republican leader, the result of Democrats blocking the Defense appropriations bill three times last year was we got a better budget, a much better budget. We got a budget agreement that increased spending for national security by $33.5 billion over the sequester. It was their sequester level; that is, they wanted to cut it even more. That is the truth. The further truth is that the defense of our country, the security of our country, depends more on the Pen-tagon. We have every Democrat who is just as patriotic as any Republican. We believe in the security of this Nation just as much as they do. We look at that differently, though, in this sense: I repeat, the security of this Nation is more than bombs and bullets. It is also making sure we have an FBI that works and is adequately funded. It also means the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration has the personnel to do their job. It also means the Department of Homeland Security, created by a Re-publican President, is up and running and able to do its job. They have tre-mendous responsibilities. The border security is their problem. They have to deal with that, and it has to be ade-quately funded. We have issues that relate to the se-curity of this Nation. For example, the Centers for Disease Control has to be adequately funded. They don’t do bombs or bullets, but they do take care of this Nation’s security. The National Institutes of Health, one of the premier organizations in the history of the world, helps us become a more secure nation. So we are going to continue—we will block today, if he brings it up again, the Defense appro-priations bill. Why? Because he wants to do that. It is so obvious. He wants to do that and walk out of here and leave the other appropriations bills stirring in the breeze and meet the craziness we see out of the House of Representatives as it relates to spending. We want more resources for our troops, but if we get more resources for our troops, we are going to get more resources for those entities that keep us safe and secure that aren’t Pen-tagon-related. Again, I assume my friend believes that if you keep talking about some-thing that is absolutely untrue, people will think it is true. For example, let’s take the Zika situation we have in America today. No one disputes the fact that these mosquitoes are rav-aging and are horrendous. Mosquitoes have been very difficult and dangerous. They have been terrible since recorded history. They cause death and illness. It is hard to comprehend. For the first time in the history of the world, we have now the mosquito spreading a virus that causes women to have de-formed babies—badly deformed babies. What we did, on a bipartisan basis, the senior Senator from Washington and the senior Senator from Missouri got together and they came up with a Zika funding measure. I felt it was in-adequate dollarwise. We agreed with the Centers for Disease Control and the National Institutes of Health that it should be $1.9 billion. We said: OK. We will go along with this because it is an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.005 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5102 July 14, 2016 
emergency. It is like all emergencies, whether it is flood, fire, or wind, what-ever it might be. This is an emergency, and it should be treated as such—$1.1 billion, no offsets. We passed that with 89 votes. Every Democrat voted for it and virtually every Republican voted for it. It went to the House of Rep-resentatives. Now, here is where my friend’s logic- free zone really pops in hard. Remem-ber what we sent to the House of Rep-resentatives, and here is what they sent back to us. There is no disputing this, even though he can say it a mil-lion times if he wants. Under the bill we got back—and the Republicans in the Senate approved what happened in the House—Planned Parenthood, an or-ganization where hundreds and hun-dreds of thousands of women go for their care, do you think they are going to have a little rush of business now? Because women in America today want to make sure they have the ability to not get pregnant. Why? Because the mosquitoes ravage pregnant women. Under the logic of my friend the Re-publican leader, they don’t need to go to Planned Parenthood. They can go to their boutique doctor someplace in Las Vegas or Chicago or Lexington, KY. They can go to an emergency room and say: I am sorry, I didn’t get birth con-trol; will you help me? That isn’t what emergency rooms are for. That is what Planned Parenthood is for. The vast majority of women who need help, that is where they go, Planned Parenthood. Under the legislation we got back from the House, there is no money to be pro-vided for that. We know the Republicans don’t like the people who wear the green eye-shades, the so-called environmental-ists. So what did they send to us? They had to do something. The only thing they could get out of the House of Rep-resentatives—they have to do some-thing to attack the environment so they said: Well, here is what we will do. With spring, we are going to eliminate the Clean Water Act, which makes it extremely dangerous. That is why the EPA looks at this so closely and all other Federal agencies. The Clean Water Act is the law of the land, and it has been for decades. They eliminate that. The Republican leader gets up here and talks about: I hope they are happy—words to that effect—what they are doing to veterans. The bill we got back as it relates to Zika takes $500 million from veterans—from the Vet-erans’ Administration. That is what they did. I can’t make this stuff up. What was that money to be used for? Processing claims. The Presiding Officer has been out front on finding a way to speed up vet-erans’ claims. They need to be handled more expeditiously. There was a provi-sion in the original legislation to give them $500 million to speed it up, but now that money will be put toward the Zika bill. It is gone. Two years ago a ravaging epidemic swept Africa—Ebola. It was terribly hurtful to the people of Africa. People in America were afraid. We had nurses and doctors coming here to be treated because we had better facilities than they have in Africa. Well, it is still around, and they are still putting out fires as we speak. The bill we got back from the House took $107 million from the Ebola funding. Everyone knows that the $543 million they took from ObamaCare to help fund the Zika mat-ter—I could raise a point of order right now and it would go out. No one dis-putes that. As Speaker Boehner said—just to demonstrate how crazy they are over there in the House—they couldn’t get something passed there unless they did something to take care of the really, really, really rightwing crazies. What did they do? They struck a prohibition on displaying the Confederate flag. They wanted to be able to fly the Con-federate flag at military cemeteries. That is the bill we have which also deals with Zika. How can anyone in good conscience vote for that? We can’t, and we are not going to. Of course, it sets up the terrible precedent of offsetting emergency spending. It is July 14, and the Senate is going to take a short, 7-week break. As we heard the Republican leader say: It has all been done. We have done great things here. He scheduled the Senate for a 7-week summer break—vacation, time off, call it whatever you want. It is the longest Senate recess in more than 60 years. We would like stay and work. I would like to work for the peo-ple of Nevada and the rest of the Amer-ican people, but the Republicans don’t want to hear any of this. They want to go listen to Donald Trump. Some of them may not be there because they are kind of embarrassed to be seen with him, but they will watch it on TV. We will be back in September to tie up loose ends and make sure that the government gets funded, but that is about all we have the ability to do now. As we get ready to adjourn for 7 weeks, let’s look at just a few of the things that are being left behind, such as Zika. The Republicans are choosing vacation rather than protecting preg-nant women and their babies from these terrible birth defects that can be prevented. Have we done anything about guns? No, even though the Republican leader said we would have a vote on guns, we are not going to have a vote on guns. The legislation sponsored by the Re-publican Senator from Maine, joined by a significant number of Democrats— the Republican leader said we would have a vote on that. Why? Well, we thought it would be a good idea to make it so that suspected terrorists can’t go out now and legally purchase a gun or explosives. No, we will not have a vote on that. What about criminal justice reform? Look at what is going on in the coun-try today. Is there a need for justice re-form? Of course there is. We have a bi-partisan bill that is drowning in the Judiciary Committee. We understand there is only a handful of Republicans who don’t support this. Democrats sup-port it. They have refused to address the failings of our criminal justice sys-tem despite ample bipartisan support on and off Capitol Hill. How about the Supreme Court? Re-publicans still refuse to give Merrick Garland a hearing and vote. Do I need to say more about that? I don’t think so. What about Flint, MI? The whole city was ravaged by lead. Thousands of boys and girls will now never be who they could have been because of lead in their water. There is no relief for them—zero relief. There are 100,000 peo-ple who live in that city. They were all adversely affected and poisoned. What about the opioid epidemic? We passed a bill, which is the first step, but they refused to fund it. They will make due with money they had from before, and now all these additional du-ties will be given to all of these agen-cies. We passed the conference report to address opioid addiction, but we don’t have the money to do the things we are asking these agencies to do. These are just a few of the things. I guess they are the immediate issues. What about the other problems the Republicans have ignored for 19 months? How about something for the middle class? How about creating a few jobs? How about building some roads or repairing our very delicate bridges, dams, and our water and sewer sys-tems? Nothing has been done about the minimum wage, pay equity, student loan debt, job creation—nothing, noth-ing, nothing. We have crumbling roads and bridges. What about basic American rights? What has Senator M
CCONNELL done or said about ensuring justice for the American people? Nothing. This is the headline from today’s Po-litico: ‘‘Mitch McConnell’s historic judge blockade.’’ I didn’t write the headline. I will read a couple of para-graphs. 
Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland may be the most prominent casualty of the GOP-controlled Senate’s election-year re-sistance on the Federal judiciary—but the pace of overall judicial confirmations under Mitch McConnell is on track to become the slowest in more than 60 years. Under the McConnell-led Senate, just 20 district and circuit court judges have been confirmed at a time when vacancies are hampering the Federal bench nationwide. 
This is nothing to be proud of. The Republican leader instituted a blockade of judicial nominations. He did it last year. Last year they made history by confirming the fewest judges since the 1950s, but they will do even less this year. Because of their ob-struction, judicial emergencies—those courts with more cases than judges can handle—have more than doubled. That means that Americans seeking justice are being denied their constitutional rights. Here is the issue. I have been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.006 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5103 July 14, 2016 
there. I spent a lot of time in courts. That is what I did. I was a trial lawyer. I can remember going to both the State and Federal courts, and they said: Sorry, but we are going to do criminal cases for the next few months and not do anything with civil cases. Civil cases are just as important as criminal cases, but because of what the Repub-licans have done, judges will be forced—because of the law—to take care of the criminal cases and put the civil cases in the back of the bus. What about voting rights? Senate Re-publicans have done absolutely noth-ing—zero—to protect Americans’ right to vote. Time and again this Repub-lican Senate has proven itself to be a colossal failure. Yet Senator M
CCON-
NELL has had the nerve to pat himself on the back every day for all he and the Republicans have done in this Con-gress. The bipartisan bills that have passed this Congress were blocked by Repub-licans in past Congresses. That is a fact. I, as the leader here, had to file cloture more than 500 times because of obstruction and filibusters by the Re-publicans. Let’s be real honest here. Let’s do the logic. These bills passed because Democrats have been a constructive minority. We have worked with the Re-publicans when they were willing to work with us, but there are too many reasons why this Republican Congress has been a flop. First, Republicans made a calculated decision to appease the most radical fringes of their party. Who do they have? They have Donald Trump. Second, there has been a serious ero-sion of trust since the Republicans as-sumed the majority. Promise after promise to the American people has been shattered and broken. Senator M
CCONNELL promised to pass a budget every year. We have no budget. Senator M
CCONNELL promised a full Senate workweek. We have worked one Friday in 19 months. Senator M
CCONNELL promised no show votes. Yet today the Republican leader will force unnecessary revotes on Zika, and I am sure he will force a revote on Defense appropriations. This will be the eighth time in this Congress that the Republican leader has resorted to this tactic. It is his signature move. He is the record holder—it is not a good one—on revotes. Senator M
CCONNELL promised an open amendment process. I can remem-ber him coming out here and saying: R
EIDfilled the amendment tree. Well, he must have learned from me because he has gotten really good at it. He has filled the amendment tree 16 times. These are all commitments that the Republican leader made to the Amer-ican people which have not been hon-ored. There have also been a number of promises made within the Senate that have been broken. Both sides of the aisle have been left waiting for the Re-publican leader to keep his word—his personal word. This troubles me. I have been in this Congress for 34 years. I don’t like to talk about this, but I have experienced his not keeping his word firsthand. I had a meeting right here regarding a woman by the name of Jessica Rosenworcel. She wanted to be renomi-nated to the Federal Communications Commission. That was in December of 2014. Senator MCCONNELL , Senator T
HUNE , and I had an agreement that I thought was made in good faith. The agreement was simply this: I would agree to do a Republican. We always did them together. We paired them. They said: No, we have to do this. He worked for the Senator from Arizona. He wanted to make sure that they took good care of the Senator who just left the Senate. The agreement was that we would confirm Michael O’Rielly to the FCC, but in exchange, as soon as the new year came, they would go with Rosenworcel. That was supposed to happen in the next Congress. O’Rielly was a longtime staffer for Senator Kyl and had also worked for Senator C
OR-
NYN. Jessica is a very talented lawyer who worked for Jay Rockefeller. It was very unusual to do what I agreed to do, but in good faith I accept-ed the word of two Republican Sen-ators. We traditionally confirm mem-bers on bipartisan boards by pairing nominees—one Democrat and one Re-publican. I agreed to do this out of the goodness, frankly, of my heart. I have never had the experience where some-one simply didn’t keep their word, and that is what has happened. I wasn’t alone. Somebody who works on the Senate floor—and has for years—was there when that conversation took place. The Republican leader asked me to make an exception, and I did. I agreed with his personal commitment that when the next Congress convened, Re-publicans would reconfirm Jessica Rosenworcel. I was promised that. I didn’t have to agree to this, but I did it because the Republican leader said he would do his part and get Rosenworcel confirmed. Nineteen months have passed, and the Republican leader has yet to keep his word with me. We had a big, important spending bill last year. It did a lot, but—no one dis-putes this—the staff of Senator M
CCON-
NELL made a mistake and didn’t put language in dealing with section 48 of the renewable tax credits, and every-body acknowledged that it was too bad. He acknowledged the drafting error and that the staff made a mistake. Re-publicans committed to correct their drafting error in the next revenue bill that the Senate considered. This has been unfulfilled. We could have done it with the FAA bill, but it will not be done there. He told Leader P
ELOSI : We are going to do that. I promised R
EIDI would do it. Well, it hasn’t been done. It is a sad Senate when people do not keep their word, but maybe they will address those two issues. A new day will come in September. This is what Democrats and the American people have come to expect from Repub-licans—promises not kept, commit-ments not honored, and work not done. ‘‘Integrity’’ is a simple word, but here in the U.S. Capitol, it is everything. I hope it turns around come this fall. If Republicans will stay and work in-stead of taking this 2-month break, we can do something to address all these issues, including Zika, Merrick Gar-land, and guns. But that is as much as we can do if they refuse to do their jobs. Mr. President, I am sorry that Sen-ator MCCONNELL and I have taken so much time, but we do that once in a while. I ask that the Chair announce the business of the day. 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME  
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). Under the previous order, the time until 11:30 a.m. will be equally di-vided between the leaders or their des-ignees. The Senator from Nevada. 
VA FUNDING  
Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I rise to speak today on an issue that Congress has always been able to rally around with bipartisan support. We don’t hear that mentioned a lot recently in these Chambers, but something we have al-ways been able to come together on is our Nation’s veterans. As a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, advocating on behalf of our Nation’s and Nevada’s brave heroes has been one of my greatest privileges, but it has also been a challenge, espe-cially in recent years. Whether it is timely appointments for health care, eliminating the disability claims back-log, or addressing poor performance, I am constantly fighting for account-ability within the VA. It has taken years of work on the local level in both northern and south-ern Nevada to get good leadership in our VA regional office and the Reno and Las Vegas VA hospitals; however, all of that work is in vain if Congress does not provide the VA with the ro-bust funding it needs to deliver high- quality care and benefits in a timely manner. Under Republican leadership in the Senate, we have been trying to return to regular order and the appropriations process. You would think that for an issue as serious as veterans, the Senate would be able to come together to pass the Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs appropriations act. Yet my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are continuing to play partisan politics and have rejected this effort. This important appropriations bill— something we will vote on later this afternoon—includes an increase of funding over the last year, as well as important provisions I have been advo-cating to help Nevada’s veterans. First off, it includes an amendment I filed to ensure completion of the Rural Vet-erans Burial Initiative so that rural 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.008 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5104 July 14, 2016 
communities like Elko, NV, have a vet-erans cemetery that honors our vet-erans and all of their service. Second, I secured an amendment to hold the VA accountable for the progress they are making to eliminate the disability claims backlog. As co-chair of the VA Claims Backlog Work-ing Group, I have been fighting to get this backlog to zero. But I am concerned that the VA isn’t feeling the pressure to get that job done. A lot of progress was made, but for 10 months now the VA has been stuck with a 20-percent backlog. I haven’t forgotten the commitment the VA made to give veterans a timely an-swer on their disability claims, which is why my amendment sends a clear message to the VA that Congress is still watching and still expecting re-sults. It is not just my amendments that are important to this bill. It is the funding that will help those who have sacrificed the most—our veterans and their families. When I sat down with veterans and the military community at roundtables in both northern and southern Nevada just a few months ago, I was struck by how far we really have to go. Thousands of veterans are suffering from post-traumatic stress and strug-gling to find the care they need. Post- traumatic stress not only impacts vet-erans, but it impacts their family members who aren’t always sure just how to get the help they need. Some of them fall into homelessness and don’t know where to turn and, frankly, they just don’t trust the VA. At its worst, we have more than 20 veterans commit-ting suicide every day. Let me repeat that. We have more than 20 veterans committing suicide every day—20 a day. I had a Nevada veteran’s wife tell me how she had to jump through hoops just to get her husband a cardiology appointment through the Choice Act. It took her 3 months—3 months—to get that appointment. She said to me how she would never give up fighting for her husband’s health. I continue to see how veterans come to my office for help with getting an appointment or moving their disability claims along. We cannot expect the VA to solve these problems without funding. So I continue to urge my colleagues to pass the conference report today for VA ap-propriations so we can fix these prob-lems. While funding can go a long way to providing resources for veterans, we cannot forget that the VA still strug-gles with accountability. There are plenty of high-quality VA employees working every day to help our veterans, and many of those em-ployees are in the State of Nevada. These are the ones that cared for my father at the Reno hospital, and I give the VA credit for his health today. But then there are those employees who are gaming the system and have forgotten that the VA’s mission is to serve the interest of veterans and their families and no one else. Yet the VA can’t even fire these people because the Department of Justice says it is ‘‘un-constitutional.’’ So think about that. There is nothing more disappointing to me than the Department of Justice preventing these VA employees from being fired or demoted after poor per-formance. Instead of siding with vet-erans, the Department of Justice sides with the bureaucrats who don’t belong at the VA. I think it is an insult—an insult to veterans and an insult to the American public. I know that Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee Chairman I
SAKSON and other committee members share my concern about this, including the Presiding Of-ficer. Rather than ignoring this issue and Congress’s intent, it is time for the Department of Justice to step up and step forward to talk to Congress about what can be done to ensure that bad VA employees are quickly removed. Accountability has to be a priority of the VA. Secretary McDonald under-stands this, just as funding for the VA should be a priority for the Senate. Again, I call on my colleagues to move the appropriations bill forward so that we can keep our commitment to vet-erans and we can fix the long list of issues that plague our VA. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. 
REMEMBERING BILL ARMSTRONG  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, on July 5, the United States lost a great public servant, and Colorado lost one of its fiercest advocates. Bill Armstrong’s contributions to Colorado and the country embody the virtues of integ-rity, devotion, and kindness and reflect his priorities of liberty, faith, and fam-ily. His mark on this world will never be forgotten. Over the course of his life, Senator Bill Armstrong was known for many of his achievements and titles: U.S. Sen-ator, U.S. Congressman, youngest ma-jority leader in the State legislature, and, most recently, being elected presi-dent of Colorado Christian University, just to name a few. But what has been reinforced to me over the last number of days since his passing were not the titles he held or the bills and the amendments he passed through committee or the Senate, but the way in which he carried himself, the respect he gave his staff, his fam-ily, and his constituents. He was a thoughtful, peaceful, graceful indi-vidual, and he always interacted with those values in mind. It is the stories about how he treated his staff and how he listened to his con-stituents that stand out in our minds. Today, as we reflect on the impact he had on this country, it is the stories about the lasting effect his words had on impressionable young minds at Col-orado Christian University and the re-lationships he built with Democrats and Republicans alike, despite the fre-quent bitter and partisan fights that riddled Congress while he served. He once described himself as ‘‘relatively inflexible on principles, but flexible on the details,’’ never confusing the two when working toward meaningful solu-tions that required compromise, al-ways listening, ever respectful of those he may have disagreed with. While I never worked for Senator Armstrong, a number of my closest friends, advisers, and so many of the elected officials in Colorado are a part of the Armstrong legacy and alumni of his great work. The stories they shared with me about their time with Bill Armstrong are incredible. Sean Conway, a former staffer for Bill Armstrong, now a county commis-sioner in Colorado, talks about the time that Senator Bill Armstrong went to meet with the refuseniks, as they came to be known—Jewish people liv-ing in the Soviet Union who were being persecuted for their views and wanted to leave the Soviet Union for a better life. He went there without contacting his staff, without letting them know how he was or where he was, because he was afraid that the KGB would find out the work that he was doing and the harm that it could cause the people he was meeting with and perhaps even to the staff back home. But he knew he had to bring that message of what was happening with the persecution in the Soviet Union back to his colleagues in the Senate to make sure they under-stood so they could put an end to the tragedy that was happening in the So-viet Union. His staff remember Bill Armstrong fondly—a number of whom got married as a result of having met while work-ing for him. One former staff member, Roy Palmer, recounted this: ‘‘Bill Arm-strong was one of the brightest and most successful persons I’ve ever met. Yet he didn’t have a college degree . . . He spent his life improving his edu-cation; reading, studying, debating . . . with a discipline I’ve never seen before. But he was reluctant to divulge the fact that he didn’t have a degree not because he was embarrassed by it, or ashamed about it. Rather he thought it might set a bad example for young peo-ple to abandon their education. I think he knew God gave him a special gift of intellect, discipline and drive . . . but he was also extremely aware, compas-sionate and tolerant of others around him who didn’t have the same gift. As he became more successful and older he also became more humble.’’ And while there are likely hundreds of other stories about how Bill Arm-strong embodied true Christian virtues, lived out the words he spoke, and touched people’s lives on a very per-sonal level, the work he did in Congress simply cannot go unnoticed. As one former staffer said, ‘‘Bill Armstrong should be known as the Father of Tax Indexing.’’ And no doubt, every tax-payer should thank him for his work on tax indexing because without it, many Americans would be forced to go into a higher tax bracket because of in-flation. He fought for it because he be-lieved that just because someone got a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.010 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5105 July 14, 2016 
well-deserved cost of living adjust-ment—or COLA—increase they shouldn’t have to pay more taxes be-cause of it. Bill Armstrong was also instru-mental in the passage of the Colorado National Forest Wilderness Act of 1980 that helped preserve 1,400,000 acres of land in Colorado. The lands, which stretch across the entire State, are areas visitors and Coloradans alike enjoy each and every day. We can all only hope that when we pass on from this life it is first, not the memories others hold of our earthly accomplishments, but what God knows in our hearts to bring us truly home, and then to know we are remembered for the good we have done in this world. Long after our crowning achievements in Congress have faded away from memory, we can all only hope that we are remembered for who we were and the things we did to help lift others up and help them find their purpose in life. As evidenced by the tributes and statements made over the last week since his passing, Bill is known for just that. He lived out the Christian faith he taught. He led hun-dreds of prayer breakfasts and served on the board of Campus Crusade for Christ and Christian Businessmen’s Committee USA. But perhaps more im-portantly, he was a mentor—as evi-denced by the countless stories of stu-dents whose lives were changed just be-cause of thoughtful words from Bill Armstrong. A staff assistant in my office wrote an email to me after his passing de-scribing his ‘‘life-changing conversa-tions’’ with Bill Armstrong—part of which I’d like to read: ‘‘The first time I met President Armstrong was before I started attending CCU. I asked to meet with him for five minutes, but true to Armstrong form, he took an hour out of his day to talk about the school and shared why it might be a good fit. After I was convinced and started at CCU, a year later I got to have lunch with him to discuss my in-terest in economics; he told me to pur-sue that passion at George Mason for graduate school—his words from that conversation are the reason I’m in D.C. . . . President Armstrong’s legacy is bound up in the life he led, walking the walk, adhering to principles and a de-votion to serving others.’’ Alan Simpson, on the day that Sen-ator Armstrong was giving his farewell speech, said: You have heard the saying that you would rather see a sermon than hear a sermon. Alan Simpson and all of us got to see that every day in Bill Armstrong. On the day Senator Armstrong came to the Senate floor to say farewell, he was joined by others, including our col-leagues and many others. He left the Senate in his farewell speech to col-leagues, and from my understanding in conversations with his family, he left this life hearing these words from the Scriptures read by his family, from the last verse of the last book of the Holy Scriptures: The grace of the Lord Jesus be with all. Amen. As Senator Armstrong walked off the floor of the Senate, he served his fellow man over the last 10 years at Colorado Christian University. He served in the House, in the Senate, and in the Colo-rado Legislature. He has now walked into a far better place, where we all hope to join him some day. I yield to my colleague from Colo-rado. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The sen-ior Senator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, it is in-deed a privilege to be here with my col-league Senator G
ARDNER as we recog-nize the life of a dedicated Coloradan, former Senator Bill Armstrong. Last week, Senator Armstrong passed away after a 5-year battle with cancer. He is survived by his wife Ellen, daughter Anne, and son Will. He was an accomplished business-man, a longtime public servant, a dedi-cated educator, and, most importantly, a husband, father, and grandfather. He held strong principles and beliefs that he conveyed with eloquence and clar-ity. No one ever could question Senator Armstrong’s devotion to Colorado or to his students. As a young entrepreneur, Senator Armstrong bought his first radio sta-tion at the age of 22 and began a long and successful business career. Over the course of his life, he owned or oper-ated more than a dozen businesses, in-cluding radio station KEZW in Denver, Ambassador Media Corp, and the Sun newspaper in Colorado Springs. He also served as chairman of Oppenheimer Funds in Denver. Much of Senator Armstrong’s adult life was driven by service, which began when he joined the U.S. Army National Guard, where he served from 1957 to 1963. Following his military service, he began his almost three decades in pub-lic service. He was a member of both the Colorado House and Senate and served, as Senator G
ARDNER said, as Senate majority leader before being elected to Congress in 1972. After three terms in the House of Representatives, he was elected to the Senate in 1978. Senator Armstrong brought to this Chamber real world ex-perience, which is often in short sup-ply; a business acumen, which is also often in shorter supply; and a deep be-lief in the potential of those he served in Colorado. His business background and his knowledge of economic issues earned him spots on the Banking, Budget, and Finance Committees. Throughout his time in the Senate, Senator Armstrong brought important attention to the deficit and budgetary issues. He was a founding member of the Senate Deficit Reduction Caucus. He ultimately chaired the Finance Subcommittee on Social Security, and President Reagan selected him to serve on the National Commission on Social Security Re-form. This commission was not like those we see around here these days. It actually produced meaningful pro-posals and extended the longevity of the Social Security Program for dec-ades and served as a model of how Con-gress can work together to tackle dif-ficult and complicated issues. While Senator Armstrong was deeply conservative, he often found ways to forge bipartisan compromise. His serv-ice on the commission was emblematic of this approach, and it is an approach that is sorely lacking in Washington today. Senator Armstrong was also a strong advocate for our military and the men and women in uniform. He fought to honor those who served in the Korean war and to create a permanent GI bill. He recognized the importance of pro-viding access to postsecondary edu-cation, a passion he continued to pur-sue long after he left this Chamber. He pushed increased pay for our serv-icemembers, especially to ensure that military families had sufficient eco-nomic support. In an opinion piece in the New York Times, he wrote: ‘‘With the G.I. Bill to boost recruiting and pay increases to ease the retention problem, the all voluntary military forces can be preserved and we can end the disgraceful treatment of Americans in military uniform.’’ His impassioned advocacy led the Army Times to call Armstrong ‘‘the military pay cham-pion’’ of the Senate. As a Western State Senator, he, of course, worked on wilderness and con-servation issues that are so important to our State, including the Colorado National Forest Wilderness Act of 1980. Because of his integrity and work ethic, his colleagues asked him to serve as chairman of the Senate Repub-lican Policy Committee for 6 years. President Reagan once referred to Senator Armstrong as ‘‘one of the strongest voices in the United States Senate.’’ President Bush called him ‘‘one of the finest men . . . in Washington’’ and ‘‘one of the best and brightest.’’ The best testaments to Senator Armstrong came from his own colleagues in the Senate: Former Senator Dole described him as having ‘‘been widely recognized as one of the most gifted and persuasive speakers.’’ Senator H
ATCH said ‘‘Senator Arm-strong has been one of the most elo-quent advocates in the Senate for his point of view.’’ Senator C
OCHRAN said: ‘‘I do not know of anyone in this body who is more respected for his integrity and ability than is Bill Armstrong.’’ Finally, former Senator Wirth, my predecessor and his fellow Senator from Colorado, said the following: 
I do not think any individual has expressed his own views more articulately than has Bill Armstrong, nor has anybody pursued them more passionately than he has. I have enormous respect for that passion, Mr. President. It is precisely that sense of indignation that sometimes Bill Armstrong shows on various issues. It is the kind of in-dignation that drives this institution, and should. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.011 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5106 July 14, 2016 
That is quoting Tim Wirth. Like many of his predecessors and successors from Western States, the pace and discourse of the Senate was often confounding and frustrating, but he believed it to be ‘‘the greatest legis-lative body in the world.’’ He appre-ciated the role the institution plays in our country and felt it was an honor to serve here. But, more than just the in-stitution, he loved his fellow Members. He loved the people of the Senate. He called them a family, brought together by ‘‘shared experiences and ideals and great love of our country and aspira-tions for the future.’’ His respect and appreciation for the Senate, for the work we do here, and for the people here showed in his ap-proach to the job. As Senator Wilson noted, ‘‘in his zeal as an advocate he has been respectful of those who oppose him.’’ More than that, he was, Senator Wilson believed, ‘‘generous in terms of his own personal conduct, even in heat-ed debate.’’ The Durango Herald called Senator Armstrong ‘‘civil and patient in inter-acting with fellow members of Con-gress,’’ and the Denver Post recognized Senator Armstrong’s ‘‘statesmanship.’’ These are words and descriptions we don’t often hear around this Chamber much anymore. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have these editorials printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the DenverPost.com, July 7, 2016] B
ILLARMSTRONG ’SCONSERVATISM ALLOWED  R
OOM FOR BIPARTISANSHIP  (By the Denver Post Editorial Board) Bill Armstrong was a man of strong con-victions. No one who knew the former U.S. senator, who died this week at 79, would quarrel with that statement, or with the fact that his beliefs were both deeply conserv-ative and religious. And yet Armstrong’s most memorable ac-complishment during his 12 years in the Sen-ate was almost certainly his service in 1983 on the National Commission on Social Secu-rity Reform, which recommended a bipar-tisan package of reforms that Congress would ultimately enact. The deal involved sacrifice on both ends of the political spec-trum, including higher payroll taxes, more benefits subject to taxation, a hike in the re-tirement age, and a delay in the cost-of-liv-ing adjustment. The settlement didn’t fully resolve Social Security’s long-term funding woes, but it was a milestone compromise nevertheless. And it remains instructive, since a similar deal is unthinkable, unfortunately, in to-day’s political environment. In today’s Washington, a firebrand con-servative as dedicated to small government and low taxes as Armstrong was would sure-ly spurn such a commission as unworthy of his time—if not an insult to his principles. But not only did Armstrong participate, he became the panel’s conservative conscience in terms of insisting that any entitlement fix not rely solely on additional payroll taxes. And his efforts paid off in extracting concessions from Democrats even as he re-luctantly accepted more taxes. Such statesmanship on major issues is sorely lacking in today’s Congress—and yet the need to address entitlements’ mounting long-term liabilities, as well as complex issues like immigration, has seldom been greater. Fortunately, such stalemate is no-where ordained as inevitable. Armstrong’s example on the 1983 commission provides reason for hope even in today’s divisive po-litical culture. This newspaper did not always share the former senator’s political agenda—his vocal opposition to gay rights, for example, was es-pecially regrettable. But even those who dis-agreed with him on major issues had to ad-mire the eloquence and civility with which he often framed his case. And meanwhile, his signature concerns about the impact of spending and taxes on average Americas led to significant achievements, such as the in-dexing of the income tax—a reform that loomed much larger when the memory of the 1970s’ high inflation was still fresh. Armstrong left the Senate on his own terms while still in his 50s, an age when many career politicians are just hitting their stride. And he would go on, years later, to put his stamp on Colorado Christian Univer-sity, spearheading ambitious redevelopment plans to expand and update the campus with state-of-the-art educational facilities. That he would contemplate such a grand goal in his 70s surprised no one who knew him well. Colorado has lost a giant in its political and civic life. [From DurangoHerald.com, July 10, 2016] F
ORMER U.S. S EN. BILLARMSTRONG  R
EMEMBERED FOR APPROACHABILITY , CIVILITY  At a time when everyone is speculating as to how Congress became so dysfunctional, with both parties refusing to communicate and to compromise on almost every issue, we can remember political figures in years past when that was not the case. Bill Armstrong, who served two terms in the U.S. Senate be-ginning in 1978 and who maintained deep fis-cal and social principles, was someone who was civil and patient in interacting with fel-low members of Congress and his constitu-ents and in advocating for what he believed. We remember Armstrong during his visits to Southwest Colorado as being approachable and a listener. Armstrong died last week at 79. Armstrong was unusual in attending but not graduating from college, and he grew up and had his first business successes in Ne-braska before moving to Colorado. He was skilled at owning and operating radio sta-tions in that state initially, and then radio and television stations in Colorado. Nor did Armstrong make a career out of politics. After retiring from the Senate in January 1991, he left Washington, and he eventually became president of Colorado Christian University in Denver. Armstrong is best known for his fiscal dis-cipline, and on the social front for opposing gay rights initiatives. In the latter, he was out of tune with the country and what was right. He challenged President Ronald Rea-gan’s proposed 1981 budget as too generous in future years, and succeeding in having it re-duced. In 1983 he was a member of a bipar-tisan entitlement review commission that advocated higher Social Security taxes for individuals and employers, reduced benefits and a higher age eligibility, all in order to put Social Security on stronger financial footing. Two of the three were adopted (the higher age eligibility failed). Democrats were a part of the commission and needed to pass the legislation, and Arm-strong had both the political respect and skills to help bring them on board. (Thirty-three years later, Social Security still requires more of the same adjustments, and it was Republican plans in that direction that have played a role in Donald Trump’s rise in popularity.) Sen. Bill Armstrong’s demeanor and his willingness to join with members of the other party to craft legislation for the coun-try’s benefit is a reminder of what used to take place in Congress. That is something that does not occur today. Mr. BENNET. Senator Armstrong once described himself as ‘‘relatively inflexible on principles’’ but ‘‘flexible on the details.’’ A former high school debater, he always spoke with passion and knowledge in an attempt to sway people his way. But when it came time to get the job done, he understood how to make a deal. Senator Armstrong had a fiercely passionate, strongly principled yet pragmatic, respectful, and constructive approach to his work. We could use a lot more of that around here. Later in life, Senator Armstrong de-cided to give back to his country and community in a different way—by serv-ing as president of Colorado Christian University. He called his work at the university ‘‘the most significant, ener-gizing, and rewarding work I have ever undertaken.’’ He had a vision for the college and for his students, and he de-voted all his energy to their success. Under his leadership, Colorado Chris-tian University has flourished. Enroll-ment more than doubled and freshman retention increased. The school has been ranked in the top 2 percent na-tionally for its core education and was named a ‘‘college of distinction.’’ The university’s endowment has almost doubled. The school has begun substan-tial redevelopment plans to expand and update the campus. He cared deeply for his students and will be greatly missed by the CCU community. In fact, I recently asked Senator Armstrong for his input and perspec-tive as part of a task force on higher education. I knew I could count on him to provide thoughtful advice on how to improve our system of higher edu-cation. He was glad to assist in our ef-forts. Senator Armstrong had a deep re-spect for democracy and our country’s future. He represented a time when Members of Congress held true to their convictions but knew when to forge compromise for the greater good. His is a legacy that will benefit Americans for generations to come. His example will be missed and cherished by those of us who still serve in the Senate. There is one last point. None of us is going to be here forever, and we should keep that in mind. I think Senator Armstrong understood that. He was committed to stewardship when he was here in the Senate, and that is an ex-ample we should all follow. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in a col-loquy with my colleagues for 20 min-utes, with the remaining time reserved for Senator M
CCAIN. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.013 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5107 July 14, 2016 
DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS BILL  
Mrs. ERNST. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I would like to thank my colleagues here today who are joining in this col-loquy. We have the junior Senators from Alaska and Montana, and we hoped to be joined by the junior Sen-ator from North Carolina as well. As I stand here today, my brothers and sisters in arms are deployed over-seas. Regardless of what the President tells us, our servicemembers are at war. They are in combat, and their combat boots are on the ground. I think our colleagues across the aisle have forgotten that as they con-tinue to filibuster our Defense appro-priations bill. We have men and women serving overseas. They are serving for us overseas. They also seem to have forgotten that all of those servicemem-bers are paying attention. I know be-cause I was once one of those service-members deployed overseas, paying at-tention to the actions of the folks here in Washington. Right now our servicemembers are watching the minority leader, and our enemies are watching just as closely. This bill appropriates $515.9 billion for our national security, and $900 mil-lion of this funding is for the National Guard, a critical arm to the security of the United States, where I served for 23-plus years. My National Guard unit is in the Middle East right now. My Iowa Army National Guard unit, the unit that I commanded as a battalion commander, is serving in the Middle East right now. The minority leader doesn’t care about their safety while they selflessly serve to ensure ours. He doesn’t care that this bill has funding for equip-ment critical to their mission. He doesn’t care that their families are de-pending on them to come home safely, and he doesn’t care that his actions once again make America look weak. The minority party is filibustering this bipartisan Defense appropriations bill solely at the expense of our men and women in uniform. Those are the facts on the ground today. I know the importance of this bill firsthand, and I stand here today ready to vote in favor of it, and I know my colleagues understand that as well. Once again, I want to thank the Members that are joining us in this colloquy today: the junior Senators from Alaska, Montana, and North Carolina. I know this is a very impor-tant issue to all of us. With that, I would like to turn to the junior Senator from Alaska, who also is a fellow in arms, Lt. Col. D
ANSUL-
LIVAN , U.S. Marine Corps, to hear his comments. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Iowa who has distinguished military service and just retired. We are honored that she is leading this colloquy today. I am honored to be here with some of my colleagues. Our freshman class sees this as a critical issue, and many of us have been on the floor all week to stress the importance of what Senator ERNST just spoke about—funding our troops and stopping this filibuster that denies our troops funding. Although we have been out here all week, I am not sure I have seen any of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle coming to the floor to try to ex-plain to the American people why they have filibustered funding for our troops not once, not twice, not three times but four times in the last year. Hope-fully, they will not do it again today for the fifth time. It has been a good week for the Sen-ate. We passed the Comprehensive Ad-diction and Recovery Act, which was bipartisan. Senator W
HITEHOUSE , Sen-ator P
ORTMAN , and Senator A YOTTE led that. We passed the FAA authoriza-tion, led by Senator T
HUNE and Sen-ator N
ELSON , which will protect the American people in the aviation space. But we have more important work today on defense issues and on national security issues, and much of it is deal-ing with supporting our troops. This is not a partisan issue. They need the support. This past week, the President and Secretary of Defense have made many more commitments with regard to our troops, with 8,400 troops in Afghani-stan, 560 additional troops in Iraq, 1,000 additional troops in Poland and a bat-talion headquarters, and two carrier battle groups in the South China Sea. They are protecting us, they are sup-porting us, and we should be doing the same. It is that simple. Along with my colleagues, I find it amazing, remarkable, and, to be quite honest, I find it sad that the minority leader is encouraging a filibuster of the Defense appropriations bill again for the fifth time in a year. I think my colleagues on the other side of the aisle should reject this ap-proach. They are going to have the op-portunity in the next hour to come down here and actually vote to fund our troops, and I guarantee that re-gardless of what State they are from, regardless of what political party they represent, the American people in every State of the United States sup-port funding our troops and dropping this ridiculous filibuster against the men and women in uniform who are out there right now protecting us. I call on all of my colleagues to do the right thing by our troops and by the American people and to vote today to fund our troops. All of my colleagues have been very focused on this, but no more so than my colleagues from Iowa, North Caro-lina, and Montana. All of us have sig-nificant military populations and expe-rience. I yield the floor to my colleague from Montana, Senator D
AINES , to further discuss this important issue. Mr. DAINES. I thank Senator S
UL-
LIVAN . What an honor to stand here today next to two lieutenant colonels—Lieu-tenant Colonel ERNST and Lieutenant Colonel S
ULLIVAN . Lieutenant Colonel E
RNST was the first woman to ever serve in combat and also serve in the U.S. Senate. I am truly grateful for their service. I thank them also for organizing this colloquy and bringing us together. The leadership they provide as Members who have worn and do wear the uni-form of the U.S. military and also serve in the Senate is critical in this most perilous time for our Nation as we face the many threats around the world—and to think that the Senate is going to recess tonight for an extended summer recess and leaving the very important unfinished business of fund-ing the U.S. military and our troops. Today the Senate Democrats are ex-pected to once again block the consid-eration of the Defense Appropriations Act of 2017, denying our troops proper funding and support they deserve. What kind of message does that send to the men and women who are today put-ting their lives at risk to protect our country? What message does that send to them? As Senator S
ULLIVAN said, and Sen-ator E
RNST , this is not the first time. It is not the second time. It is not the third time. It is not the fourth time. It is the fifth time we will see our friends across the aisle, Senate Democrats, fil-ibuster the funding of our troops. This reminds me of ‘‘Goundhog Day.’’ What is even more frustrating, the Senate Democrats are refusing to even debate the issue. I spent 28 years in the private sector. I will tell you, one way to assure you don’t get anything done is to not even discuss it. That seems to be the road the Senate Democrats are taking. It is the low road, not the high road. They would prefer to once again ob-struct what we call regular order in this body, much in the same fashion they did during the past few years, which became the hallmark of a failed Democratic-led Senate majority. While our troops are actively engaged in mul-tiple theaters across the world, and they need the critical support for our growing mission overseas, my friends from across the aisle are actively blocking our troops from being com-bat-ready. Let’s remember—just remember this: A few short weeks ago, the House of Representatives passed this bill on a solid bipartisan vote, 282 to 138—48 Democrats supported that bill. It passed with strong bipartisan support. Then, over here on the Senate side—I serve on the Appropriations Com-mittee. We passed this bill out of the Appropriations Committee by a vote of 30 to 0—30 to 0. That is called a shut-out, that is called running up the score. I remember that clearly. Not one Democrat opposed this bill to fund our troops when it passed out of com-mittee. Yet, when it comes to the floor, the Senate minority leader now is in-structing the Senate Democrats to fili-buster getting the bill even debated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.015 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5108 July 14, 2016 
here as well as passed on the Senate floor. What has changed? What has changed? Nothing has changed, except for the fact that our troops are not get-ting the funding and support they need. Is that what you really want, Mr. Mi-nority Leader? The passage of this legislation is crit-ical to carrying out the missions in an increasingly dangerous world. I can tell you one thing: Our enemies are not waiting for Senate Democrats to fund our troops and make it a fair fight. This bill pays the salaries of 1.2 million military Active Duty, 800,000 Reserv-ists. The Senate Democrats are saying no to almost 10,000 troops engaged, right now as we speak, in combat in Af-ghanistan, an additional 5,000 troops in harm’s way in Iraq, and many more throughout the globe. I come from Montana. We have one of the highest per capita vet populations in the United States. I am proud of the Malmstrom Air Force Base. We have one-third of our Nation’s ICBMs ready at any moment here to defend our free-dom. They silently sit across the plains of Montana. Senate Democrats are fail-ing them. It is unacceptable. As the Senate heads home for the work period, I challenge my Demo-cratic colleagues to go back home and look at those veterans and those Ac-tive-Duty troops in the eyes and ask: Did I serve these selfless men and woman or did I let the minority leader of the Democrats play cheap party pol-itics with funding their pay? The mi-nority leader’s constituents in Nevada deserve more, Montanans deserve more, and the American people deserve more. I want to now recognize the junior Senator from North Carolina T
HOM T
ILLIS , who has an amazing group of Active military and veterans there in North Carolina. I am proud to stand here with Senator T
ILLIS . I look for-ward to what Senator T
ILLIS has to say. Mr. TILLIS. I thank Senator D
AINES  for all the work he does in supporting our troops, and Lieutenant Colonels S
ULLIVAN and E RNST , I thank them for their service to the Nation—their con-tinued service. I thank Senator S
UL-
LIVAN for continuing to pound on this. It is important. Yesterday, or earlier this week, I talked about how this is approaching personal with me. I am going to try and not get as loud as I got a couple of days ago, but I want to talk about what this means. I want to talk about the process, an appropriations process where all 30 members of the Appropria-tions Committee, including 14 Demo-crats, voted for this bill. What we are trying to do now is have the broader membership vote for it and send it out of the Chamber. All Demo-crats—and I would not be surprised, if you went on their social media presences or if you took a look at press releases, that they rightfully an-nounced to their constituents how they voted to support a bipartisan appro-priations bill coming out of committee. Now, I want them to follow up with a press statement that says HARRY REID tells me I have to vote no now. I have to say no to troops. I am not going to support providing critical funding for training and readiness and overseas contingency operations. I don’t know about you all—in the Gallery or people watching on C–SPAN—I don’t feel par-ticularly comfortable with the situa-tion around the globe. I don’t like what Russia is doing. So we have to put resources in por-tions of Europe to make sure we can counter the potential threat there. I don’t like what China is doing in the South China Sea. So we are having to pay more attention to that and have resources looking at it to protect that region. I generally don’t like what Iran is doing. I mean, they have welched on commitments they made in the Iran nuclear deal. They are funding Hezbollah and Hamas and the Iran ter-ror network across the world, including this hemisphere. I don’t like what is going on in Syria. I think Iraq has problems, much of it created as a re-sult of the President’s withdrawal. Well, good news. He recognizes that maybe we need to increase our pres-ence there. How are we going to pay for those extra 564 soldiers that are going to secure the airstrip that was won over by the Iraqi forces? Where does it come from? That is a commitment he has made so it is going to come from somewhere else. It is certainly not going to come from the increased funding we are try-ing to get through this appropriations bill. I don’t know about you all, but I believe the generals and the intel-ligence community that come before our committee and say we are in some of the most dangerous times in their lives. The threats are everywhere. America has to lead because when America doesn’t lead, the world is a less safe place. America leads. The tip of the spear is our armed services, our presence across the globe to protect the freedom of other nations and to protect our own freedom. Failing to vote for this bill is failing to make sure they are trained, equipped, and capable of defending freedom. I want to talk about the personal side of things for the folks down at Fort Bragg and Camp Lejeune and Sey-mour Johnson and New River and Cher-ry Point—marines, airmen, people in the 82nd Airborne, the 18th Airborne Corps, and the conversations I bet they are having with their husbands or wives. When they come home from training and they hear the commanders down at Fort Bragg say: We are just not getting enough repetition in. We are trying to teach these men and women how to jump out of planes in hostile situations with 100 pounds of equipment con-nected to them and do that safely. I don’t know about many people, but I don’t think I would want to do that if I weren’t trained and ready and had the muscle memory to make sure I was going to do that safely. The Global Re-sponse Force down at Fort Bragg takes it to another level. They not only have to drop 1,000 or so men and women out of planes, they also have to drop entire cities out of planes: earth movers, weather stations, medical hospitals, all the things you need to provide relief in the event of a disaster or that you need to support a combat operation. We are sapping the resources to be able to do that. So here is how the discussion, I think, goes with the men or women who go home before they get deployed: Honey, I am about to be deployed somewhere. Maybe it is Iraq, maybe it is Afghani-stan, some other part of the world. I am a little bit nervous because I only got about 80 percent of the train-ing I really needed, that the Army or the Air Force or the Marines deem nec-essary for me to be able to do that job safely and be certain I can complete the mission. I am sorry, Hon, I have sworn to defend this country. So I am going to do it, but I know I am not at the level of training and capability I should be. Then they say goodbye and that spouse, hopefully, sees that person come home again. So, you know, guys, politics is an interesting thing. Debate is an interesting thing. We have heard the theater on the floor today that has nothing to do with the vote we have be-fore us. We have heard global warming. We have heard all of these other things. What we have not heard is from the Democrats who voted for this pre-cise bill. Some people lead you to believe it has changed since they voted for it. It has not changed. It is precisely the same bill, but they have a minority leader who says: Don’t vote for it. Play my game. Let us then come down here and say: Do your job. We are doing our job right now. J
ONI E
RNST is doing her job. D ANSULLIVAN  is doing his job. S
TEVE DAINES is doing his job. I am doing my job by saying: You guys went into a committee and you voted for this bill. You went home and told everybody you are supporting our troops. Now you have a minority leader who is telling you: Don’t do your job and let’s go on the floor and pretend those of us who want to sup-port our troops are not doing our job. It is disingenuous, at best, and it is dishonest, at worst. My colleagues here, we need to pound this issue. I need to go home and be able to tell the story and say: We support you, Fort Bragg. We support you. We are going to do everything we can to get this bill passed. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, par-liamentary inquiry: How much time is remaining on the Republican side? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a total of 6 minutes remaining on the Republican side. Senator E
RNST has 1 minute left in her colloquy. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I yield back my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.016 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5109 July 14, 2016 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time until just be-fore the vote at 11:30. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum, and I ask unanimous consent that my time be preserved for the remaining 7 minutes before the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator P
ERDUE be recognized for 5 minutes and that it not be taken from my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Georgia. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I appre-ciate the accommodation. I would like to add to what has been said here in the last few minutes. We are at a very critical juncture during this Congress and, indeed, in our country. What I want to talk about today is the nonsense that is going on right now on funding our military. These are men and women in uniform around the world whose mission it is to protect our freedom. Let me remind everybody that there were only six reasons why the Thirteen Colonies got together in the first place to create this Union. One of those was to provide for the national defense. Yet here we are basically trying to do what the President has asked—fund the mili-tary—and we are being obstructed by the people across the aisle. I just don’t understand that. Right now, we have people who are in danger of not being able to fulfill their missions around the world. A member of the Foreign Relations Committee, I have traveled extensively over the last 1
1⁄2years. Around the world, I have seen where dedicated men and women don’t have the resources to fulfill their missions, and it endangers the very freedom we have here at home. I believe this is a critical point in this Congress to tell the American peo-ple that we are either going to break through this gridlock and move to do what is right or we are going to sit here on our hands and argue the polit-ical side of this while our men and women are in danger. One of the hardest things to under-stand right now is the fact that in the last 30 years, we literally have contin-ued to disinvest in our military. This chart shows how we have disinvested in the military under the last three Democratic Presidents. This green line is a chart of the percentage of GDP we spend on our military. It has gotten down all the way to where today we are spending 3 percent of our GDP. It is the lowest point in the last 30 years. I will say this: The 30-year average here is about 4.2 percent. That differential is 100 basis points. What that means is, in the size of the economy today, it is about $200 billion. Put that in perspec-tive. We are spending about $600 billion on our military today. Can you imag-ine what a difference that would make? The last time a Secretary of Defense put a budget up based on a bottom-up estimate of need based on the missions around the world—it was Secretary Gates in 2011. In 2011, he estimated that for 2016 and 2017—what we are talking about here in their budget—his esti-mate was some tens of billions of dol-lars more than what we are doing now. His estimate was prior to ISIS and prior to Russia’s activity in Crimea, Ukraine, and Georgia. What happens now is that in the next 10 years, unless something is done— under the current Presidential plan of spending for the next 10 years, not only are we going to add $9.5 trillion to our debt, but we are going to reduce mili-tary spending to 2.6 percent of GDP. That is another roughly $100 billion of cuts if the economy stays the same. I just don’t understand this brinksmanship that we see. This is not the first time; I think this is the fifth time we are going to have voted on funding our military. The reaction of the other side befuddles me from the standpoint that they tell us they want to support our men and women. They give us these heart-wrenching stories, and yet they won’t stand up and even let us get the bill on the floor. To be brief, it is time for the Demo-crats to stop the obstructionism and the political showmanship. This is about the security of our country, about the lives of our men and women abroad. They deserve better than this. We can do better than this. The world is more dangerous than at any time in my lifetime. It is time that we stand up and tell the world what we are committed to, and that is to pro-vide for our own national defense. That means funding this Defense appropria-tions bill. Mr. President, I yield back the re-mainder of my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask to be recognized, and if the Senator from New Hampshire, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , comes to the floor, I would yield to her until the time that I already have reserved. Mr. President, we are about to vote on a couple of motions to instruct the conferees on the Defense authorization bill and the Defense appropriations bill to move forward on it. All of these votes are very vital to the future of this Nation in a time of turmoil, a time of the greatest number of refugees since the end of World War II, threats throughout the world, and attacks on the United States of America. Very appropriately, Senator SUL-
LIVAN ’s motion to instruct the con-ferees is for us to account for and au-thorize funding for the recent actions taken by the President of the United States and the Secretary of Defense—a force of 8,400 sailors, airmen, and ma-rines within Afghanistan; the Presi-dent’s budget for the European Reas-surance Initiative, which is additional funds sufficient to enable the air, ground, and amphibious force structure to fulfill the commitment that Sec-retary Carter made at the Shangri-La dialogue within the Pacific theater. The list goes on and on. Every time we turn around, we hear of another increase in our military presence in Iraq and Afghanistan and buildups, for example, in Eastern Eu-rope, which was recently decided at a meeting of the NATO nations. Yet, with all of these promises and commit-ments, we see no request for additional funding to take care of these new mis-sions and new requirements for our military activities. So I think Senator S
ULLIVAN ’s motion is entirely in order. Does it really make sense to have these very large, when you put them all together—billions of dollars of in-creased requirements, announce them with great fanfare, and yet never come over—not yet once—to request addi-tional funding for them? That is obvi-ously, at best, disingenuous. So I urge my colleagues’ support for the motion by Senator S
ULLIVAN to dis-agree and insist that the final con-ference include authorization for the commitments that are described in the motion. The second, of course, is an issue that has been plaguing us or has been the subject of great discussion and de-bate and heartache, frankly, on the floor of the Senate, and that is the issue of the Afghan special immigrant visas. It is heartbreaking that Members of the Senate, for their own parochial in-terests—just a couple, actually—would block this legislation, which calls for us to be able to bring to the United States these people who literally risked their lives on our behalf and whose lives are in danger as we speak. My colleagues don’t have to take my word for it. Ambassador Ryan Crock-er—probably the most distinguished diplomat I know—speaking of these in-terpreters, recently wrote: ‘‘This is truly a matter of life and death.’’ I repeat what Ambassador Crocker said: 
This is a matter of life and death. I know hundreds of people who have been threatened because of their affiliation with the United States. Some have been killed. Today, many are in hiding, praying that the United States keeps its word. We can and must do better. 
General Petraeus said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.017 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5110 July 14, 2016 
Many of our Afghan allies have not only been mission-essential—serving as the eyes and ears of our own troops and often saving American lives—they have risked their own and their families’ lives in the line of duty. 
General Petraeus has stated elo-quently that these individuals put their lives on the line to save the lives of American service men and women, and yet we have Members of this body who block a proposal to allow them to come to the United States of America. Remarkable. Remarkable. General Nicholson, our commander in Afghanistan, said: 
It is my firm belief that abandoning this program would significantly undermine our credibility and the 15 years of tremendous sacrifice by thousands of Afghans on behalf of Americans and Coalition partners. 
I say to my colleagues, this is pretty straightforward. This is a pretty straightforward issue. That we even have to do this is testimony to the na-ture of the way we seem to be doing business around here, and that is that people would literally put the lives of our allies in danger for their own paro-chial interests, for their own amend-ment, which they are demanding not only be taken up but passed, which has nothing to do with the lives of these great individuals who saved the lives of Americans and whose lives are in dan-ger, according to our military leaders and our most respected diplomats. Retired GEN Stanley McChrystal, an individual known to all of us, said: ‘‘Protecting these allies is as much a matter of American national morality as it is American national security.’’ In the view of General McChrystal, one of our great, outstanding leaders, we are talking about our moral obliga-tion. I hope and pray we will get a unani-mous vote on this motion to instruct. Finally, we are going to again have a vote to move forward on the Defense appropriations bill. I understand that it probably will fail, and that is an un-believable act. It is unbelievable, given the situation in the world today and the threats we face—in the words of the Director of National Intelligence, in the words of the Director of the CIA, there will be further attacks on the United States of America—that my friends on the other side of the aisle are refusing to take up the legislation that pays for the defense of this Na-tion. It is beyond belief. I don’t like provisions in the Defense appropriations bill, and I have made it very clear, and I want us to be able to take it up and amend to make it bet-ter. Maybe some of us—maybe a major-ity of us have priorities that were not in the Defense appropriations bill. Sup-pose we don’t like the fact that they appropriated $1 billion for an ice-breaker that has nothing to do with de-fense or that they have this long laun-dry list of porkbarrel projects that they call scientific research projects. I want to debate and amend those. A lot has happened since the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee unani-mously passed out the Defense appro-priations bill. A lot has happened, and all 100 of us should have the ability to amend and make it better. Instead, we are being put down on the path to a continuing resolution and an omnibus bill on which there will not be debate and amendments to make it better for the men and women who are serving. The President just announced that we are going to have 8,400 men and women who are serving this country in Afghanistan instead of 5,400-some. Shouldn’t we take that in consider-ation in our deliberations on the appro-priations bill? Shouldn’t we accommo-date for that, as is our role and obliga-tion as the Congress of the United States? We have the power of the purse. We are now looking at a situation where we have a world that is literally on fire. That is apparent every day we pick up the newspaper or turn on the television. Instead of having a robust debate and discussion and amendments as to how we can best defend this Na-tion, we are going to again have my friends on the other side of the aisle stop us from taking it up. Why? The Appropriations Committee reported it out unanimously. The Democratic leader said that he didn’t want another ‘‘McCain amend-ment’’ that would increase funding for defense without a commensurate in-crease in funding for nondefense. I have said to my colleagues: If you are talk-ing about the CIA, if you are talking about homeland security, if you are talking about other agencies of govern-ment to protect this Nation, then fine. Mr. President, I note the presence of the Senator from New Hampshire on the floor. I ask unanimous consent that she be granted 5 minutes and that I be granted 2 minutes after that. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time of the Senator from Arizona has ex-pired. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I am thankful to my colleague from Ari-zona. I am pleased to be here on the floor because in a few minutes I am going to be offering a motion to instruct the conferees for the NDAA to extend the Afghan Special Immigrant Visa Pro-gram and to authorize additional visas for deserving applicants. For those of us who remember the de-bates we had on the floor during the NDAA, we will remember that we had come to an agreement. The opponents of this program had agreed with J
OHN M
CCAINand me that we needed to keep the promises we had made to so many of those Afghan interpreters who made a life-and-death difference in helping our service men and women on the ground in Afghanistan as they fought the Taliban. This is a program that Senator M
CCAINand I have worked on for sev-eral years. We have been successful in previous years in getting this exten-sion and keeping the word—the prom-ise we made to those Afghan inter-preters and keeping the word of the American Government that we are going to help those who helped us. Yet we go into this NDAA conference with-out an extension of the Special Immi-grant Visa Program. Without congressional action, the Af-ghan SIV Program will largely sunset around December. It will leave thou-sands of Afghans who stood alongside our men and women and other govern-ment personnel at severe risk. I talked to a woman this morning who told me the story of an Afghan in-terpreter who just arrived in the United States last night. She said he had been waiting 3 years to get his spe-cial immigrant visa. During that time, he was so worried about his family that he slept in another room at night when he went to bed so that if the Taliban found them, they would kill only him and not the rest of his family. This country owes a great debt to the Afghans who provided essential assist-ance to our mission in Afghanistan, the thousands of brave men and women who, like this man who just arrived in the United States, put themselves and their families at risk to help our sol-diers and our diplomats accomplish their mission and return home safely. Congress must not turn its back on these individuals. That outcome would be a moral failing, and it would also carry significant national security strategic costs going forward. So I would hope that when we have this vote on the motion to instruct that my colleagues will agree with Senator MCCAIN and I that this is something we need to do. We need to make sure one of the things that comes out of that NDAA conference is an agreement to extend those special visas to those individuals who were still in the pipeline. Thank you, Mr. President. I thank my colleague from Arizona for all of his work to try to get this done, and I hope that by working together, we can make this happen. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from New Hamp-shire for her leadership, her dedication, and tenacity in making sure this issue is not dispensed with until it is fin-ished and we fulfill our commitment to the men and women who are serving, who have literally sacrificed their lives as interpreters for the good welfare and the safety of our members in the uni-formed military, whom the Senator from New Hampshire and I hear from all the time on behalf of their inter-preters. We hear from them all the time, saying: Don’t abandon them. They saved my life. Can’t we understand how important this moral obligation is? Finally, I hope my colleagues will not vote to block consideration of the Defense appropriations bill. We need to debate, we need to improve, and we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.019 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5111 July 14, 2016 
need to provide for the needs of the military and this Nation’s security in an ever-changing environment. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to disagree in the House amendment, agree to the request by the House for a conference, and to appoint conferees with respect to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 90, nays 7, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 130 Leg.] YEAS—90 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Lankford Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—7 
Gillibrand Leahy Markey Paul Reid Sanders Warren 
NOT VOTING—3 
Franken Klobuchar Lee 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 90, the nays are 7. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. Under the previous order, the com-pound motion to go to conference is agreed to. The majority leader. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the next two votes be 10 minutes in length. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from New Hampshire. 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I have a motion to instruct which is at the desk, and I ask for its consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mrs. S
HAHEEN ] moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on S. 2943 (the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017) be instructed to insist that the final conference report include lan-guage to extend the Afghan Special Immi-grant Visa program through December 31, 2017 and authorize additional visas to ensure visas are available for applicants who meet the criteria under the program. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I rise in support of my motion to instruct the Senate National Defense Author-ization Act conferees to extend the Af-ghan Special Immigrant Visa Program and authorize additional visas for de-serving applicants. The SIV Program allows Afghans who supported the United States mission in Afghanistan to seek refuge in this country because they face grave threats as a result of helping our men and women on the ground there. I just wish to point out that when we had the debate on the NDAA, we had an agreement on what an amendment to extend the Special Immigrant Visa Program would look like. That amend-ment would have allowed for 2,500 addi-tional special immigrant visas to cover those people still in the pipeline who are facing threats because of helping American soldiers. And while we had agreement from the majority of the body, unfortunately, because of an un-related issue, we were not able to get this amendment passed. This is an opportunity for us to come back at this and do what is right, do what our commanders and our dip-lomats say we need to do for the na-tional security interests of America. So I hope all of my colleagues will join me in supporting this motion to in-struct. I would like to now ask my partner in this effort, Senator M
CCAIN, if he would say a few words. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 2 min-utes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object, as soon as Senator MCCAINspeaks in favor of this, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 2 minutes in opposition. The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 2 minutes in opposition remaining, and the Senator from Arizona is asking for 2 additional minutes. Mr. SESSIONS. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Arizona has 25 sec-onds remaining. Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, please don’t take my word for it. How about general David Petraeus. Many of our Afghan allies have not only been mis-sion-essential, serving as the eyes and ears of our own troops and often saving American lives, they have risked their own and their families’ lives in the line of duty. This program falls far short and has serious national security implications. Ambassador Ryan Crocker: This is truly a matter of life and death. I know hundreds of people who have been threatened because of their affiliation with the United States. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time of the Senator has expired. Mr. M
CCAIN. I ask for an additional 30 seconds. Mr. SESSIONS. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Who yields time in opposition? The Senator from Alabama. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I worked with Senator M
CCAINand Sen-ator S
HAHEEN , and we agreed to 2,500 new refugees who would enter under this program, and we had some lan-guage in there that tightened it up. This legislation allows an unlimited number to come here under the pro-gram and does not have the language that tightens up the program and brings it to an end eventually. That is the difference of opinion at this point. I am disappointed this was brought up, and last night we first learned about it. I would just note, there are 7,000 visas authorized over the last few years; only 3,500 have been used and 3,500 remain. The House extends the program. It does not add any addi-tional number. They considered it at length. Chairman G
OODLATTE opposes this. Also, the motion fails to acknowl-edge the need to pay for and prioritize the visas. These visas will cost, accord-ing to CBO, $281 million over 10 years. Just 2,500 would cost that much so this has an unlimited number. I think the right thing for us to do is to not agree to this motion to instruct. I would be glad to work with Senator M
CCAINand Senator S HAHEEN and sup-port the agreement we reached last time that got blocked by other Mem-bers for other reasons, but I oppose this because it is unlimited, it is unpaid for, and I don’t believe it is necessary based on the facts on the ground. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.021 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5112 July 14, 2016 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Point of order, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, may I ask for a clarification? The vote we are having is not on a particular piece of legislation; is that correct? This is on a motion to instruct the conferees so it does not deal with the particular piece of legislation Senator S
ESSIONS has suggested. The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is correct. The vote before the Senate is on the Senator’s motion to instruct the managers on this matter. All time has expired. The question is on agreeing to the motion. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) and the Sen-ator from Utah (Mr. L
EE). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 84, nays 12, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 131 Leg.] YEAS—84 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—12 
Cruz Grassley Heller Inhofe Lankford Paul Risch Rubio Scott Sessions Shelby Vitter 
NOT VOTING—4 
Crapo Franken Klobuchar Lee 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. MOTION TO INSTRUCT  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, I have a motion to instruct at the desk and ask for its consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Alaska [Mr. S ULLIVAN ] moves that the managers on the part of the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on S. 2943 (the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017) be instructed to insist that the final conference report include authorization for the following commitments recently made by the President and Secretary of De-fense: Maintaining a force of approximately 8,400 soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines within Afghanistan into 2017 as announced by Presi-dent Obama on July 6th to continue to train and advise Afghan forces and to conduct counterterrorism operations; The President’s budget request for the Eu-ropean Reassurance Initiative to establish increased rotational presence in Europe, pro-vide ample United States Armed Forces end strength and combat capability to meet all regional contingency plans, increase oper-ational responsiveness of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, and to fulfill President Obama’s commitment to move forward with ‘‘the most significant reinforcement of col-lective defense anytime during the Cold War’’; Sufficient naval, air, ground and amphib-ious force structure and weapons systems to fulfil the commitment made by Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter at the Shangri-La Dialogue that within the Asia-Pacific the-ater ‘‘the United States will remain the most powerful military and main underwriter of security in the region for decades to come’’; Sufficient levels of military forces, muni-tions, logistics support, intelligence, surveil-lance, and reconnaissance assets, and other enabling support, and the deployment of suf-ficient operational capabilities to meet President Obama’s commitment to go after ISIL aggressively until it’s removed from Syria and Iraq and finally destroyed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, I rise to support my motion to instruct in relation to the NDAA of 2017. In the past few weeks the President and the Secretary of Defense have made addi-tional military commitments across the globe for our men and women in uniform, and we have read about these. These include 560 troops to Iraq to help reinforce the fight against ISIS, a deci-sion to keep 8,400 members of the mili-tary in Afghanistan fighting against terrorism, 1,000 troops in Poland and a headquarters to beef up NATO’s east-ern flank, as well as two carrier strike groups in the South China Sea to pro-tect freedom of the seas. I believe many of us are supportive of these commitments. However, in order to support these pledges, we need to make sure we fully authorize these commitments so our brave men and women in uniform have everything they need to fight and win these bat-tles. When our service men and women train here and deploy abroad, they need to know that the Congress of the United States and the Senate of the United States stand with them. Sup-porting this motion to instruct lets them know we have their back, as we should. I yield to my colleague from Rhode Island, Senator REED. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Madam President, we worked with Senator S
ULLIVAN on this instruction. It is consistent, as the Senator has indicated, with the Presi-dent’s proposal with respect to force structure in Afghanistan and with our European Reassurance Initiative, where we are increasing our presence and cooperating more closely with our European allies. It is consistent with our position in the Pacific as articu-lated by Secretary of Defense Ash Car-ter. It is consistent with proposals that have been made in other areas, and it does not expand the authority of the President. It simply recognizes what he has asked not just of our Congress but more importantly of the men and women who wear the uniform in the United States. This instruction will help us in our deliberations, and I would thank the Senator and urge its passage. Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, as you can see, there is bipartisan support for this measure. I ask that all my col-leagues support it now. I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, the motion offered by Senator S
ULLIVAN to instruct conferees to the Defense au-thorization bill includes several impor-tant proposals. First, it urges conferees to fully fund the cost of overseas military oper-ations, including our commitment to Afghanistan. This stands in sharp con-trast to the irresponsible House pro-posal to cut off war funding on April 30, 2017. This provision is reckless and short-sighted and is the subject of a veto threat by the administration. Second, it endorses full funding of the European Reassurance Initiative. This is the administration’s most im-portant response to Russia’s aggression in the Ukraine and threatening behav-ior towards our European friends and allies. The President’s budget request quad-rupled spending on this effort, from $789 million this year to $3.4 billion next year. In light of the recent NATO conference, full support for the Euro-pean Reassurance Initiative is critical to demonstrating the American com-mitment for the security of the people of Poland, the Baltics, and many other countries who are worried about Vladi-mir Putin. Third, the motion endorses state-ments made by Secretary of Defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.022 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5113 July 14, 2016 
Ash Carter that highlight the U.S. commitment to maintaining the strongest, most capable Armed Forces in the world. The commitment calls to mind the testimony of Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Paul Selva, earlier this year, before the Sen-ate Armed Services Committee: ‘‘I will take umbrage with the notion that our military has been gutted. So I stand here today a person that’s worn this uniform for 35 years. At no time in my career have I been more confident than this in saying we have the most power-ful military on the face of the planet.’’ Finally, the motion endorses all the necessary military tools to meet the President’s commitment to destroy ISIL in Iraq and Syria. So far, our cam-paign against ISIL has resulted in their loss of nearly half their territory in Iraq, and nearly a quarter in Syria. The Director of the Central Intel-ligence Agency warned that ISIL re-mains very dangerous and is likely plotting or inspiring more terrorist at-tacks. We must keep up the pressure on ISIL, using not only our military but all of our intelligence, law enforce-ment, diplomatic, and financial en-forcement tools that our Nation has. I have concerns that our government can do more to stop the ISIL threat that is not limited to our military campaign. For example, after the trag-ic shooting in Orlando, the American people heard stories of the labor-inten-sive effort that is required for the FBI to track the many tips relating to do-mestic terrorism sent in by the public. Defeating ISIL will require the use of every tool at the disposal of our gov-ernment, not just our Armed Forces. We should ask ourselves: if ISIL is squeezed out of Syria and Iraq, where are they going to go? And are we doing enough intelligence, law enforcement, and diplomatic work to catch ISIL ter-rorists as they cross international bor-ders? It is my hope that Congress will be able to negotiate an omnibus appro-priations bill this fall, and we should reject one-sided solutions that only ad-dress one part of the ISIL threat. I hope we can address that issue in the same bipartisan way that I expect the Senate to support these motions made by the Senator from Alaska. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING BILL Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to talk about the urgent need to provide full funding for our response to the Zika virus. Nearly 5 months ago, on February 22, President Obama sub-mitted a request to Congress for $1.9 billion in emergency supplemental funding to address the growing Zika epidemic. The request included $1.509 billion for the Department of Health and Human Services, HHS; $335 million for the U.S. Agency for International Development, USAID; $41 million for the Department of State; and support for several other Federal agencies. The administration’s plan—which has the full weight of the scientific community behind it—represents a co-ordinated and well-funded, whole-of- government approach to combating the virus with a focus on prevention, treat-ment, and research. But instead of listening to the ex-perts, Republicans choose instead to abide by a partisan agenda: offering a Zika conference report that under-funded critical Federal, State, and global response efforts by more than $800 million, and included poisonous policy riders and pay-fors that gratu-itously attacked the Affordable Care Act, the safety of our Nation’s drink-ing water, and women’s reproductive rights. The Senate rejected the Zika conference report and rightfully so. The Republican leadership particu-larly in the House seem to be forget-ting that the Zika virus is a mosquito- borne disease that has a real, dev-astating impacts on women and their babies. There have been over 1,100 trav-el-associated Zika cases reported in the continental United States, including 31 in my home State of Maryland and 2,474 locally acquired cases across the U.S. territories. Because of Zika, ba-bies are being born in the United States and throughout Central and South America with horrible birth de-fects. To date, more than 600 pregnant women in the continental U.S. and the territories are being monitored fol-lowing laboratory evidence of possible Zika virus infection, according to the U.S. Zika Pregnancy Registry. Without congressional action to fund our response to the Zika epidemic ade-quately, the efforts to better under-stand and combat this disease will be derailed. According to Dr. Tony Fauci, the Nation’s leading infectious disease expert and Director of the National In-stitute of Allergy & Infectious Dis-eases, NIAID, ‘‘The vaccine effort will be blunted if not aborted if we don’t have the funding.’’ Dr. Fauci also emphasized that other vital HHS and NIH programs will suffer if the agency is forced to focus funding primarily on vaccine development. The NIAID has already diverted funds from malaria and tuberculosis research to fund Zika efforts. It is unconscionable that the Republican leadership is forc-ing our public health officials to make these kinds of decisions. State and local health departments also bear the brunt of the consequences of not fully funding our Zika response efforts. Our Nation’s health depart-ments are on the front lines of com-bating this disease, working on a grass-roots level to expand and enhance pre-vention efforts, including mosquito surveillance and control; promoting culturally conscious education cam-paigns to raise public awareness; and equipping our health care workforce with the most medically accurate guidelines to help patients make in-formed decisions about their health care. Zika will not simply disappear with-out adequate funding. Congress must pass an adequate and clean Zika fund-ing bill. Leaving Washington, DC, for the summer recess without sufficiently funding Zika response efforts is irre-sponsible and does an incredible dis-service to the American people. Neglecting to pass an appropriate Zika response bill is a failure to ex-pectant mothers who have growing concerns about the lasting impact a mosquito bite this summer could have on the health of their unborn children; it is a failure to the ambitious U.S. athletes who are considering sidelining their dreams of Olympic glory over the fear of contracting the virus; and it is a failure to the millions of Americans who entrust us to do everything in our power to safeguard their health and well-being. Although we should not in-cite panic about Zika, the seriousness of this problem is too great to be ig-nored. If we expect to make adequate progress on combating this virus this year—and if we want to protect the health and welfare of all Americans— Congress must pass a clean, well- resourced Zika funding bill without delay. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. Mr. MCCAIN. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 85, nays 12, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 132 Leg.] YEAS—85 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Lankford Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Whitehouse Wicker 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.103 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5114 July 14, 2016 
NAYS—12 
Boxer Gillibrand Heller Leahy Markey Merkley Murphy Paul Sanders Schatz Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Franken Klobuchar Lee 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to proceed to the motion to re-consider the vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 5293. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to reconsider the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 5293. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. For the informa-tion of all Senators, the next and final vote will be cloture on the MILCON- VA-Zika proposal at 2 o’clock. That will be it for the week. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 524, H.R. 5293, an act making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses. Mitch McConnell, Tom Cotton, Shelley Moore Capito, Mike Crapo, Thad Coch-ran, Jerry Moran, Richard C. Shelby, John Hoeven, Lamar Alexander, Orrin G. Hatch, Daniel Coats, Pat Roberts, John Barrasso, Bill Cassidy, John Thune, John Boozman, John Cornyn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 5293, an act making ap-propriations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close, upon con-sideration? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. ERNST ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 55, nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 133 Leg.] YEAS—55 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Franken Klobuchar Lee 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 55, the nays are 42. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, upon reconsideration, the motion is rejected. The Senator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I was about to leave the Chamber, but in light of the results of the last vote, I am compelled—I am compelled to speak out more in disappointment than in rage. Although I think a lot of men and women who are serving in the mili-tary who are dependent on what we do for their safety and their livelihood, for pure—pure—partisan and political rea-sons, we will not be moving forward to consider a bill to train and equip the men and women who are in the mili-tary, to give them their pay and bene-fits and defend this Nation. How? How do you do that in good conscience? I understand we are in an election year. I understand all that, but how in the world do you refuse to take up legislation that its only pur-pose is to defend this Nation, which is under assault? I just came back from spending the Fourth of July with the troops in Af-ghanistan. They depend on us. They de-pend on us. We are their elected rep-resentatives, and what have we done now? We refuse to move forward with legislation that allows them to defend themselves, and they are in harm’s way. All I can say is that when we see polling data that shows the American people have a very low opinion of us— I see numbers, 13, 14 percent of the American people approve of Congress— this is validation. This is validation of their absolute disgust with our failure to do the work to protect the Nation. Isn’t that our first priority? That has always been mine, to secure the Na-tion, to make sure we protect ourselves as much as possible. We rely on these young men and women. We rely on them to defend the Nation, and now we will not even act to train, arm, equip, pay, and care for them. That is dis-graceful. That is disgraceful. Yes, this side of the aisle has been guilty of partisan behavior, and I will plead guilty to all that. But how in the world—how in the world do you go back to your home State, as we will to-night and tomorrow, and meet these young men and women who are serv-ing, as is one of the great privileges we have, and look them in the eye—look them in the eye and tell them I voted against legislation which was to arm and train and equip you and protect this Nation. I voted against it because the Democratic leader said, well, he didn’t want an amendment that would increase spending on defense—on de-fense. Without getting too redundant, I hope maybe we might take the next couple of months before we come back and examine what we are doing and why we can’t agree at least on debating and amending and making better— which we can do because that is what the Senate is all about. Can’t we do that for them? Do we have to be so di-vided that we will not even move for-ward with perhaps one of the most im-portant pieces of legislation this body and this Nation is responsible for? I hope my friends on the other side of the aisle will examine their conscience. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FISCHER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.004 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5115 July 14, 2016 
(The remarks of Mrs. F ISCHER per-taining to the introduction of S. 3213 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mrs. FISCHER. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING AND OBAMACARE Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, 2 weeks ago, I came to the floor to talk about the threat that is posed to all of us by the Zika virus. Since then, more than 3,500 Americans have contracted this terrible virus. Unborn babies are being put at risk for a serious medical condition called microcephaly, which is a condition—I will tell you this as a doctor—where babies are born with smaller heads and brain development problems, and adults can be paralyzed and even killed by this virus. Here we are getting ready to vote in the next 15 minutes on an appropria-tions bill that is supposed to do some-thing about this virus—the Zika virus. How are the Democrats responding? They are peddling myths and playing politics. That is what they do. They al-ready blocked this legislation once, and now they are ready to block it again. It is unbelievable. This legislation includes $1.1 billion to fight Zika. The head of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said it would fund all of the agency’s immediate needs in the fight against Zika at this point. When the Senate voted on this in May, every Democrat in the body voted to support the exact same amount of money. Two months ago, Democrats thought this was the right answer, but now they are willing to let the Amer-ican people suffer because of this virus. What happened? What changed in the last 2 months that would have the Democrats who voted for it now vote against it? Nothing has changed except that the situation has actually gotten worse and more dangerous for people. I think the Democrats were never seri-ous about wanting to do anything at all. Democrats decided they would rather have a political issue than have a real solution. Democrats aren’t going to be able to dodge responsibility this time. We are running out of time to prevent an epidemic. Last week, Senator B
ILL NELSON  from Florida said: We are at the 11th hour and 59th minute. That is exactly right. Why, then, is Senator N
ELSON  and his Democratic colleagues playing a game of chicken with the American people? There was a poll that came out last week by the Kaiser Family Foundation which found that 76 percent of Ameri-cans support the Zika legislation that we have on the floor. Democrats ought to start listening to the American peo-ple. They should stop playing political games and take the money they asked for and that the Centers for Disease Control says is the right amount of money to fight the spread of this threat to the health of the American people. This is not the first time that Demo-crats in this body have put their own political talking points ahead of the American people in terms of their health care. At the beginning of this year, Republicans passed legislation to repeal the President’s health care law. Why? So we can replace it with health care reforms that work for the Amer-ican people. We want to act, and we acted to protect the American people from a health care law that has harmed so many people across the country and that so many people feel has absolutely punished them. President Obama ve-toed the legislation, and Democrats in Congress resisted every attempt to undo years of damage caused by ObamaCare. Republicans offer solutions. Demo-crats just want to try to preserve the President’s legacy, no matter what. Democrats are totally ignoring all of the chaos and all of the harm that is being caused by this health care law. Taxpayers paid to set up 23 different insurance co-ops across the country, and 16 of them have now folded. Only a third of the original co-ops are still op-erating. Billions of dollars in taxpayer money have been wasted, never to be paid back, and more than 850,000 Amer-icans have lost their insurance that they got through the co-ops because the insurance co-ops can’t afford to stay in business under the health care law. The co-op in Illinois collapsed just this week. That is the President’s home State. Last week, it was co-ops in Oregon and Connecticut. Yet the Senator from Connecticut comes to the floor and says the health care law is working. It is not, even in his home State. There are more than 20,000 peo-ple in Oregon who have been left scrambling to find new coverage start-ing July 31—just a couple of weeks from now. It is not just people who belong to the co-ops who are losing their insur-ance. The largest insurance company in Minnesota says they are going to stop selling insurance in their State at the end of the year. BlueCross BlueShield of Minnesota covers over 100,000 people. All of them are going to lose their insurance and have to find coverage elsewhere. President Obama said: If you like your insurance, you can keep your in-surance. Not for the people in Oregon, not for the people in Illinois, not for the people in Connecticut, and not for the people in Minnesota. Americans who don’t lose their insur-ance are going to have to get ready to pay a lot more for it next year, even if they can keep what they have. They sure don’t like it. More companies have been saying how much they plan to charge next year, and the numbers are staggering. In Montana, BlueCross BlueShield just announced on Friday that it is raising ObamaCare rates 62 percent. Who can afford that? It is in-credible. And the President has the nerve to call it the Affordable Care Act and to tell Members of the Senate that they should forcefully defend and be proud of it. There is very little to be proud of. It is happening all across the country because of this law. Premiums are skyrocketing. So are deductibles. So are copays. Every other cost that people pay out of pocket for their health care is going up—all of this since ObamaCare went into effect, and it is because of ObamaCare. I read a story the other day that said that before ObamaCare, for every doc-tor, there were six administrators out there trying to administer health care in the country in terms of doing the paperwork, pushing the paper around. Now it is nine for every one doctor. So we have gone from six to nine adminis-trators for every doctor practicing medicine. People across the country are reject-ing what President Obama is con-tinuing to claim is working well. Just before the Fourth of July, we learned that 1.6 million people who signed up this year for ObamaCare have already quit by the end of March. They signed up at the beginning of the year and quit by the end of March—1.6 million. The Congressional Budget Office said that they were expecting by this time over 21 million people to have signed up for ObamaCare. Well, with more and more dropouts, we are at only half that number, and it is just more evidence that the President’s health care law is cratering, it is collapsing. There is so much bad news out of this ObamaCare information that we con-tinue to have that the White House feels they can’t hide it any longer, so they dribble it out over the Fourth of July weekend—right before the Fourth of July, when people are paying atten-tion to other things—because they don’t want the world to know how badly this is actually working. Yet, what the President says is ‘‘forcefully defend and be proud.’’ The President is ignoring the fact that 1.6 million people who already lis-tened to him this year and signed up have already gotten out of it because it is a bad deal. He totally ignores the 850,000 Americans who have lost their insurance because of his failed co-ops. Instead, he actually wrote an article in the Journal of the American Medical Association patting himself on the back, congratulating himself—it came out this Monday—on how great he thinks this health care law is. It is de-lusional for him to think that. It is ig-noring the reality of what the Amer-ican people see. He is living in a cocoon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.031 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5116 July 14, 2016 
of self-delusion. That is what we are seeing across the country—the Presi-dent ignoring the facts. In the article, the President actually says that the health care law should be expanded—expanded, he said—by offer-ing government-run health insurance plans. If President Obama and the Democrats in Congress think America needs more government control, more control over people’s health care, they are really out of touch with reality. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Madam President, I wonder if the Senator will yield for a question. Mr. BARRASSO. Most certainly. Mr. WICKER. Madam President, the Senator makes an excellent point about the tremendous cost increases that American taxpayers and American medical consumers have experienced, as well as the number of insurers that are just leaving the scheme altogether. So Americans really are not any better off. I appreciate the Senator coming to the floor time and again with the facts about this issue, but in particular I want to go back to a point the Senator made with regard to what we are going to vote on in a few minutes. Do I un-derstand from my friend from Wyo-ming that we will soon be voting on— at the top of the hour, we will be vot-ing on a proposal that funds the Zika disease at an amount that the CDC says is necessary and at an amount that our friends on the Democratic side have argued for and voted for time and again? Do I understand that to be cor-rect? Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, the distinguished Senator from Mis-sissippi understands correctly, because at this point, the request, and what the Democrats voted for earlier this year— $1.1 billion, which is what the Centers for Disease Control says is the correct amount—the Democrats are now seem-ing to vote against it. They voted against it earlier this week. Mr. WICKER. This very bill we will be voting on funds Zika at that amount? Mr. BARRASSO. At the amount re-quested by the Centers for Disease Con-trol. Mr. WICKER. I was disappointed to hear the Senator say that he believes the Democrats will come in and once again block this funding this after-noon. If that happens, when will be the next opportunity that this body will have to vote on this vital funding? Mr. BARRASSO. I think we are talk-ing about at least 7 weeks from now. If the Democrats don’t change their tune, there is a lot of damage that is going to occur over that period of time. Now is the time to kill the mosqui-toes because remember, as my col-league from Mississippi knows, it is the mosquitoes that carry the virus—the virus that, if a person is bitten and gets that virus, can cause all of these very consequential health impacts to babies who are yet to be born, as well as to adults. Mr. WICKER. Madam President, I would just observe—and there may be others who wish to speak in the very short time we have—I would just ob-serve that we have a bill before us that gives the administration what they have been requesting, that gives our friends on the Democratic side of the aisle what they have asked for time and time again, saying that the Senate should act. We have an opportunity to do that today and to leave here with a victory for health care and a victory for the American people. Yet, if we do not act—and it appears we will not be-cause Democrats will come in and ob-ject and not get the 60 votes—then it is going to be a month and a half to 2 months before we can provide the fund-ing for this vital disease-prevention legislation. So I would just say that I would call on my colleagues, here at the eleventh hour, to reconsider their position. Let’s go out for the conventions on a posi-tive note and give the American people the funding the experts in our govern-ment tell us is necessary. I yield the floor to the Senator from Wyoming and thank him for yielding the time. Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I appreciate so much the comments by the Senator from Mississippi, who is absolutely right. There are two compo-nents of this. One is to kill the mosqui-toes now. The other thing we need to move ahead with is coming up with a vaccine that can help prevent this virus from taking hold if someone hap-pens to be bitten by a mosquito. So we need to do two things: We need the re-search and we need to kill the mosqui-toes now. It was astonishing that one of the Democrats was opposed to the fact that what we wanted to do was make it easier to spray the mosquitoes because we have to spray near water. Well, that is where mosquitoes tend to multiply; it is where they breed; it is where the Zika virus is born. But they were so concerned that there would be a regu-lation that for a short period of time would be laid aside. We would still have to use only the things that have been properly approved for spraying near water. It seems as though the Demo-crats were willing to line up by the mosquitoes instead of the people being bitten by the mosquitoes. This is how ludicrous this has gotten. The money requested by the CDC— the right amount of money—- is here on the floor to be voted on today. We have to get the research going. We have to spray and kill the mosquitoes. But, once again, it seems the Demo-crats would rather have a political rea-son than a solution. I would recommend that the Demo-crats, coming out of their lunch meet-ing they are having now with their nominee for President, Hillary Clin-ton—they are not here in the floor de-fending themselves; they are out there visiting with Hillary Clinton. They need to come to the floor of the Senate and vote to approve this legislation today, to get the money to the Centers for Disease Control, to do the research, to kill the mosquitoes. Republicans are here offering solu-tions. Democrats are offering gridlock and the same old political games. Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. Mr. BARRASSO. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to proceed to the motion to re-consider the vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the conference report to accompany H.R. 2577. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Hearing no further debate, the question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to reconsider the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 2577. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Hearing no further debate, the question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 2577, an act making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, John Thune, Orrin G. Hatch, Jerry Moran, Shelley Moore Capito, Johnny Isakson, Mike Crapo, Thom Tillis, John Hoeven, Joni Ernst, Steve Daines, Chuck Grass-ley, James E. Risch, John Boozman, Cory Gardner, John Barrasso. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the conference report to accompany H.R. 2577, an act making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close, upon recon-sideration? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.033 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5117 July 14, 2016 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) are necessarily absent. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 52, nays 44, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 134 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—44 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Franken Klobuchar Lee Tillis 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). On this vote, the yeas are 52, the nays are 44. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, upon consideration, the motion is rejected. The majority leader. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2017—CONFERENCE REPORT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask the Chair to lay before the Senate the conference report to accompany H.R. 2577. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Conference report to accompany H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 2577, an act making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, John Thune, Orrin G. Hatch, Jerry Moran, Shelley Moore Capito, Johnny Isakson, Mike Crapo, Thom Tillis, John Hoeven, Joni Ernst, Steve Daines, Chuck Grass-ley, James E. Risch, John Boozman, Cory Gardner, John Barrasso. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017—MO-TION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President I move to proceed to Calendar No. 524, H.R. 5293. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 524, H.R. 5293, a bill making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 524, H.R. 5293, an act making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses. Mitch McConnell, James Lankford, John Thune, Orrin G. Hatch, Jerry Moran, Shelley Moore Capito, Johnny Isakson, Mike Crapo, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, John Hoeven, Joni Ernst, David Perdue, Dan Sullivan, Steve Daines, Chuck Grassley, James E. Risch. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Wisconsin. 
f 
WATERFRONT COMMUNITY REVI-TALIZATION AND RESILIENCY ACT OF 2015 Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 508, S. 1935. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 1935) to require the Secretary of Commerce to undertake certain activities to support waterfront community revitaliza-tion and resiliency. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Waterfront Community Revitalization and Resiliency Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) many communities in the United States were developed along waterfronts; (2) water proximity and access is a recognized economic driver; (3) water shortages faced by parts of the United States underscore the need to manage water sustainably and restore water quality; (4) interest in waterfront revitalization and development has grown, while the circumstances driving waterfront development have changed; (5) waterfront communities face challenges to revitalizing and leveraging water resources, such as outdated development patterns, deterio-rated water infrastructure, industrial contami-nation of soil and sediment, and lack of public access to the waterfront, which are often com-pounded by overarching economic distress in the community; (6) public investment in waterfront community development and infrastructure should reflect changing ecosystem conditions and extreme weather projections to ensure strategic, resilient investments; (7) individual communities have unique prior-ities, concerns, and opportunities related to wa-terfront restoration and community revitaliza-tion; and (8) the Secretary of Commerce has unique ex-pertise in Great Lakes and ocean coastal resil-iency and economic development. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). (2) R
ESILIENT WATERFRONT COMMUNITY .—The term ‘‘resilient waterfront community’’ means a unit of local government or Indian tribe that is— (A)(i) bound in part by— (I) the Great Lakes; or (II) the ocean; or (ii) bordered or traversed by a riverfront or an inland lake; (B) self-nominated as a resilient waterfront community; and (C) designated by the Secretary as a resilient waterfront community on the basis of the devel-opment by the community of an eligible resilient waterfront community plan, with eligibility de-termined by the Secretary after considering the requirements of subsections (b) and (c) of section 4. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. 
SEC. 4. RESILIENT WATERFRONT COMMUNITIES DESIGNATION. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary shall designate resilient waterfront communities based on the extent to which a community meets the criteria described in sub-section (b). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.037 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5118 July 14, 2016 
(2) C OLLABORATION .—For inland lake and riverfront communities, in making the designa-tion described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall work with the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency and the heads of other Federal agencies, as the Secretary deter-mines to be necessary. (b) R
ESILIENT WATERFRONT COMMUNITY  P
LAN.—A resilient waterfront community plan is a community-driven vision and plan that is de-veloped— (1) voluntarily at the discretion of the commu-nity— (A) to respond to local needs; or (B) to take advantage of new water-oriented opportunities; (2) with the leadership of the relevant govern-mental entity or Indian tribe with the active participation of— (A) community residents; (B) utilities; and (C) interested business and nongovernmental stakeholders; (3) as a new document or by amending or com-piling community planning documents, as nec-essary, at the discretion of the Secretary; (4) in consideration of all applicable State and Federal coastal zone management planning re-quirements; (5) to address economic competitive strengths; and (6) to complement and incorporate the objec-tives and recommendations of applicable re-gional economic plans. (c) C
OMPONENTS OF A RESILIENT WATERFRONT  C
OMMUNITY PLAN.—A resilient waterfront com-munity plan shall— (1) consider all, or a portion of, the waterfront area and adjacent land and water to which the waterfront is connected ecologically, economi-cally, or through local governmental or tribal boundaries; (2) describe a vision and plan for the commu-nity to develop as a vital and resilient water-front community, integrating consideration of— (A) the economic opportunities resulting from water proximity and access, including— (i) water-dependent industries; (ii) water-oriented commerce; and (iii) recreation and tourism; (B) the community relationship to the water, including— (i) quality of life; (ii) public health; (iii) community heritage; and (iv) public access, particularly in areas in which publicly funded ecosystem restoration is underway; (C) ecosystem challenges and projections, in-cluding unresolved and emerging impacts to the health and safety of the waterfront and projec-tions for extreme weather and water conditions; (D) infrastructure needs and opportunities, to facilitate strategic and sustainable capital in-vestments in— (i) docks, piers, and harbor facilities; (ii) protection against storm surges, waves, and flooding; (iii) stormwater, sanitary sewer, and drinking water systems, including green infrastructure and opportunities to control nonpoint source runoff; and (iv) other community facilities and private de-velopment; and (E) such other factors as are determined by the Secretary to align with metrics or indicators for resiliency, considering environmental and economic changes. (d) D
URATION .—After the designation of a community as a resilient waterfront community under subsection (a), a resilient waterfront com-munity plan developed in accordance with sub-sections (b) and (c) may be— (1) effective for the 10-year period beginning on the date on which the Secretary approves the resilient waterfront community plan; and (2) updated by the resilient waterfront com-munity and submitted to the Secretary for the approval of the Secretary before the expiration of the 10-year period. SEC. 5. RESILIENT WATERFRONT COMMUNITIES NETWORK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop and maintain a resilient waterfront communities network to facilitate the sharing of best prac-tices among waterfront communities. (b) P
UBLIC RECOGNITION .—In consultation with designated resilient waterfront commu-nities, the Secretary shall provide formal public recognition of the designated resilient water-front communities to promote tourism, invest-ment, or other benefits. 
SEC. 6. WATERFRONT COMMUNITY REVITALIZA-TION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To support a community in leveraging other sources of public and private investment, the Secretary may use existing au-thority to support— (1) the development of a resilient waterfront community plan, including planning and feasi-bility analysis; and (2) the implementation of strategic components of a resilient waterfront community plan after the resilient waterfront community plan has been approved by the Secretary. (b) N
ON-FEDERAL PARTNERS .— (1) L
EAD NON -FEDERAL PARTNERS .—A unit of local government or an Indian tribe shall be eli-gible to be considered as a lead non-Federal partner if the unit of local government or In-dian tribe is— (A) bound in part by— (i) the Great Lakes; or (ii) the ocean; or (B) bordered or traversed by a riverfront or an inland lake. (2) N
ON-FEDERAL IMPLEMENTATION PART -
NERS.—Subject to subsection (d)(3), a lead non- Federal partner may contract with an eligible non-Federal implementation partner for imple-mentation activities described in subsection (d)(2). (c) P
LANNING ACTIVITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Technical assistance may be provided for the development of a resilient wa-terfront community plan. (2) E
LIGIBLE PLANNING ACTIVITIES .—In devel- oping a resilient waterfront community plan, a resilient waterfront community may— (A) conduct community visioning and out-reach; (B) identify challenges and opportunities; (C) develop strategies and solutions; (D) prepare plan materials, including text, maps, design, and preliminary engineering; (E) collaborate across local agencies and work with regional, State, and Federal agencies to identify, understand, and develop responses to changing ecosystem and economic cir-cumstances; and (F) conduct other planning activities that the Secretary considers necessary for the develop-ment of a resilient waterfront community plan that responds to revitalization and resiliency issues confronted by the resilient waterfront community. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION ACTIVITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Implementation assistance may be provided— (A) to initiate implementation of a resilient waterfront community plan and facilitate high- quality development, including leveraging local and private sector investment; and (B) to address strategic community priorities that are identified in the resilient waterfront community plan. (2) A
SSISTANCE .—Assistance may be provided to advance implementation activities, such as— (A) site preparation; (B) environmental review; (C) engineering and design; (D) acquiring easements or land for uses such as green infrastructure, public amenities, or as-sembling development sites; (E) updates to zoning codes; (F) construction of— (i) public waterfront or boating amenities; and (ii) public spaces; (G) infrastructure upgrades to improve coastal resiliency; (H) economic and community development marketing and outreach; and (I) other activities at the discretion of the Sec-retary. (3) IMPLEMENTATION PARTNERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To assist in the completion of implementation activities, a lead non-Federal partner may contract or otherwise collaborate with a non-Federal implementation partner, in-cluding— (i) a nonprofit organization; (ii) a public utility; (iii) a private entity; (iv) an institution of higher education; (v) a State government; or (vi) a regional organization. (B) L
EAD NON -FEDERAL PARTNER RESPONSI -
BILITY .—The lead non-Federal partner shall en-sure that assistance and resources received by the lead non-Federal partner to advance the re-silient waterfront community plan of the lead non-Federal partner and for related activities are used for the purposes of, and in a manner consistent with, any initiative advanced by the Secretary for the purpose of promoting water-front community revitalization and resiliency. (e) U
SE OF NON-FEDERAL RESOURCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A resilient waterfront com-munity receiving assistance under this section shall provide non-Federal funds toward comple-tion of planning or implementation activities. (2) N
ON-FEDERAL RESOURCES .—Non-Federal funds may be provided by— (A) 1 or more units of local or tribal govern-ment; (B) a State government; (C) a nonprofit organization; (D) a private entity; (E) a foundation; (F) a public utility; or (G) a regional organization. 
SEC. 7. INTERAGENCY AWARENESS. 
At regular intervals, the Secretary shall pro-vide a list of resilient waterfront communities to the applicable States and the heads of national and regional offices of interested Federal agen-cies, including at a minimum— (1) the Secretary of Transportation; (2) the Secretary of Agriculture; (3) the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency; (4) the Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency; (5) the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works (6) the Secretary of the Interior; and (7) the Secretary of Housing and Urban Devel-opment. 
SEC. 8. NO NEW REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed as es-tablishing new authority for any Federal agen-cy. 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I fur-ther ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported substitute be agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. Ms. BALDWIN. I know of no further debate on the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.008 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5119 July 14, 2016 
The bill (S. 1935), as amended, was passed. Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017—MO-TION TO PROCEED—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 2127 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I rise today to ask my colleagues to honor the life of Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick by passing a bill to strengthen whistle-blower protections. Last year the Center for Investiga-tive Reporting published an article that revealed allegations of opioid overprescription, whistleblower retal-iation, and a culture of fear at the Tomah VA Medical Center in Tomah, WI. It also detailed the tragic story of Jason Simcakoski, who passed away at the Tomah VA in 2014 from mixed drug toxicity. Jason had over one dozen dif-ferent drugs in his system when he died. Jason’s life is honored by a bipar-tisan bill introduced by my colleague from Wisconsin that I am pleased to cosponsor: the Jason Simcakoski Me-morial Opioid Safety Act. The bill aims to improve VA opioid prescribing guidelines and ensure greater coordina-tion and oversight for patient treat-ments. When I learned of the problems at the Tomah VA, I immediately directed my Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee staff to investigate. They reviewed thousands of pages of documents and conducted 22 inter-views. We held two hearings in Tomah and two in Washington, DC, to examine what happened at the facility and hear from whistleblowers across the coun-try. On May 31 of this year, we released a 359-page report detailing the findings of our bipartisan investigation. The un-fortunate conclusion of our investiga-tion is that with proper disclosure, the tragedies of the Tomah VA could have been prevented. One of the individuals who blew the whistle on these problems was a psy-chologist at the Tomah VA named Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick. His portrait stands beside me. Chris came to Tomah in 2008. He treated veterans, the finest among us, for PTSD, substance abuse, and chronic pain. It didn’t take long for him to re-alize that something was not right. Chris told his family and the union that he thought doctors were overpre-scribing, overmedicating patients. The chief of staff of the facility was a doctor who had been known as the Candy Man as far back as 2004 because of the amount of opioids he prescribed for veterans. When the Candy Man found out that Chris was questioning his prescription practices, Chris was warned to stop. But rather than ad-dress Chris’s concerns, the VA fired him. Tragically, late on the day that he was terminated, Chris committed suicide. Chris’s managers later said they felt coerced into firing him. Yet no one ever investigated Chris’s suicide, and the agency was never held accountable. Inspectors general are supposed to be the government’s watchdogs. Instead of promptly investigating, preparing, and making a report of its investigation public, the VA Office of Inspector Gen-eral took almost 3 years to prepare a short, extremely flawed report, admin-istratively closed the investigation, and then buried the report. Then last year, under pressure from news reports and my committee’s in-vestigation, the office issued an unso-licited white paper that defended its flawed work and attacked Chris. It even accused him of being a drug deal-er. They were retaliating against a dead man. Sean Kirkpatrick, Chris’s brother, summed up the office’s actions best. He told our committee: ‘‘The haphazard attempt to discredit and slander Chris was absolutely outrageous to us when our brother was merely questioning opioid abuse and concerns that the vet-erans were not being cared for prop-erly.’’ Sean Kirkpatrick offered invaluable testimony to our committee and asked us to make commonsense changes to help ensure that what happened to Chris will not happen to someone else. To address these recommendations and the problems our investigation un-covered, I introduced the Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act. Among other things, the bill re-quires agencies to discipline super-visors who retaliate against whistle-blowers and mandates training so em-ployees know their rights and super-visors know how to handle complaints. The bill requires the VA to inform its employees about mental health serv-ices available to them and review their protocols to address threats from pa-tients. The bill also prohibits VA em-ployees from accessing the private medical records of coworkers when they blow the whistle as a means to re-taliate against them. I ask the full Senate to honor Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick and protect veterans and future whistleblowers by passing these commonsense reforms. It would be particularly special for the Senate to pass the bill today as, sadly, it is the 7-year anniversary of Chris’s passing. This bill received unanimous support of Democrats and Republicans on my committee in December by a vote of 16 to 0. It has the support of every Repub-lican in the Senate. Yet, unfortu-nately, one or more Democrat Members have been blocking it. I haven’t been told who they are, so I have come to the floor to ask that if a Senator ob-jects to this bill, he or she explain why. Protecting whistleblowers and put-ting our veterans first shouldn’t be a partisan issue. I know it sure hasn’t been one for me. In fact, just yesterday the Jason Simcakoski Memorial Opioid Safety Act was approved as part of CARA. I was pleased to cosponsor the bill that the junior Senator from my State, a Democrat, introduced. I am not aware of any Republican Member who tried to block its inclusion in CARA, and I was pleased to do whatever I could in the Senate to ensure its passage because it is just good policy and it is just good for our veterans. I ask my colleagues to give this bill the same respect by judging it based on policy, not politics. Put our veterans first. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to the im-mediate consideration of Calendar No. 499, S. 2127. I further ask that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be withdrawn, the Johnson substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, the title amendment be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, reserving the right to object. We, as the Repub-licans, want to work to improve vet-erans’ benefits. It is so very important. They give a lot, and we don’t take good enough care of them. I understand Senator J
OHNSON ’s leg-islation. I appreciate that, but there are a number of bipartisan bills to help our veterans that Democrats want to pass as well. We have our bills; he has his bill. So I hope we can work to-gether in the next little bit to come up with a package of bills that would give the Republicans a few of the things they want and give us some of the things we want because the issue be-fore us, as valid as it could be and might be, addresses a very narrow issue the Senator from Wisconsin seeks to address, but a variety of matters are left undone. I hope we will be in a position to pass the legislation by the Senator from Wisconsin, but we are not there yet. So I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Wisconsin. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, might I ask the majority leader: Are you ob-jecting for yourself or on behalf of oth-ers? Further, is there a reason for the objection? The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in order to ask questions of someone who does not have the floor. The Senator from Wisconsin. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, it is extremely disappointing that the mi-nority leader has objected to a com-monsense piece of legislation that was passed—again, let me repeat—unani-mously out of my committee. Not one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.043 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5120 July 14, 2016 
Democratic member of our committee objected to this. It was a good piece of legislation. It is so important. I am shocked, coming from the pri-vate sector, how much retaliation ac-tually occurs within government even though we passed numerous bills pro-tecting whistleblowers. The fact is, had these tragedies been known, had the whistleblowers been protected, had the Office of Inspector General made its in-vestigation reports public, tragedies would have been prevented. One of the veterans who died at the Tomah VA was Thomas Baer. I was talking to his daughter a week or so after he passed from neglect, as he suf-fered a couple strokes waiting to be cared for. She said: Senator, had I only known of the problems at the Tomah VA, I never would have taken my father there. He would be alive today. All I am asking for is a commonsense bill that again was passed unanimously by my committee. Unfortunately, it is being objected to and will not pass today. At a moment in time in our history when there are so many divisions in this country, this is one thing we all agree on in this body, to honor the promises to the finest among us, our veterans. This bill honors those prom-ises. This bill would protect the whis-tleblowers who have the courage to come forward and report problems at the VA health care centers. This bill would help protect veterans in the fu-ture. One of the things I am most proud of as chairman of the committee is I have worked in a very bipartisan fashion. I have forged agreements. I have looked for areas of agreement that unify us. By using that approach, a businessper-son’s approach, we have reported out of my committee 83 pieces of legislation— this is one of them—and 26 of those have been signed into law, again by finding areas of agreement that unify us as a committee, as a Senate, as a Congress, and as a Nation. This should have been one of those bills. I sincerely hope we can overcome whatever objection, which was not stated on the floor, and pass this very important piece of whistleblower pro-tection as soon as possible. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant majority leader. 
ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I share the regret of my colleague from Wis-consin that our friends across the aisle—the dysfunction that character-ized the last Congress, when they were in charge, is unfortunately creeping into this Congress as well, in spite of roughly a year and a half of relatively good productivity by the Congress on a bipartisan basis. To come in and make objections against commonsense ways to protect whistleblowers determined to try to make sure we keep our com-mitments to our veterans is just—well, it is shameful, and I share the dis-appointment of my colleagues. Moments ago, our Democratic col-leagues failed another test, a test of whether they care more about Amer-ican families or about special interest groups. This is what I am talking about. The test our Democratic colleagues failed is one to see whether they care more about averting these sort of dev-astating birth defects caused by the Zika virus or whether they care more about the special interest groups that raise money off of legislation designed to solve problems and prevent public health disasters like this. Unfortu-nately, they made the wrong choice. They failed the test. This is what the Zika virus can do. This is an example of microcephaly or, basically, shrunken skull. We can imagine what this does to the baby’s brain, what this means in terms of try-ing to provide medical care by a loving mother and father, trying to make sure this baby, no matter how long it may live, has at least as comfortable a life as it can have until it passes away. Of course, the prognosis—the life expect-ancy of a baby with microcephaly is not good, and that is an understate-ment. We know Zika is a preventable dis-ease. We know, with mosquito eradi-cation, we know with proper pre-cautions people can take—not leaving standing water in places where mosqui-toes can propagate—if we do our job by providing the adequate funding needed to avert this public health crisis, some-day—and, hopefully, not too long, not too far away—we can actually develop a vaccine so pregnant women and women of child-bearing age don’t have to worry or live in fear that this might happen to their baby. Just yesterday, the Harris County Public Health Office in Houston—as the Presiding Officer knows—con-firmed that the first baby in Texas was born with Zika-related microcephaly. This tragedy depicted by this photo-graph is real and it is at our doorstep. This particular case involves a preg-nant woman who had traveled to South America, where we know Zika virus is present, but all of our public health of-ficials are telling us it is slowly work-ing its way up from Central and South America and it is literally at our door-step. This is not a time to refuse to do our duty and simply coast through the rest of the summer. We are talking about lifelong irreversible problems that take lives and affect families for years to come. Experts across the country that I have visited with, in Galveston at the National Lab, at the Texas Medical Center in Houston, say we need to act, and we need to act now. They are not alone. It was just last May when our Democratic colleagues asked us to act and to act with ur-gency, but today they turned down the very money they argued for last May, when they decided to gamble with the lives of children like this instead of protecting them. As I said, they ig-nored their own calls to get this done quickly, and they have refused to pass urgent measures that would protect our country from a public health crisis. As I said when I started, this was a test today to see whether our Demo-cratic colleagues cared more about ba-bies like this or special interest groups, and they failed the test. It is as simple as that. I want to make sure everyone under-stands how we got here. Two months ago, a bipartisan agree-ment was introduced to handle the Zika threat. That was 2 months ago. Senator BLUNT of Missouri and Senator M
URRAY of Washington worked to-gether, as we are supposed to do, to come up with a bipartisan compromise, in this case, to an appropriations bill. About a week after it was introduced in this Chamber, it passed overwhelm-ingly. Not one Democrat opposed the $1.1 billion appropriations amendment that was attached to the VA-Military Construction appropriations bill. Not one Democrat opposed it because, until recently, they seemed to agree with us that this is a major public health crisis in the making—particularly, as I said, because we expect the mosquito-borne virus to hit the mainland in places like Texas, Florida, Louisiana, and other warm parts of the country. We expect it to hit the U.S. mainland in full force as temperatures continue to rise this summer. The legislation we passed in the Sen-ate was reconciled, as it is supposed to be, in a conference committee with dif-ferent legislation passed by the House. That bicameral, bipartisan compromise is what we considered earlier today— after Senate Democrats decided to block it for the first time a few weeks ago. It seems that after they called upon us to pass the bill in May, they have decided in the interim it is not as urgent as they once said. For months now, Senate Democrats have talked about the need to get this legislation passed to prepare us for the Zika virus, and it was the Democratic leader who said this on May 23, 2016— May 23. It is now July 14. He said: 
Instead of gambling with the health and safety of millions of Americans, Republicans should give our nation the money it needs to fight Zika, and they should do it now. Not next month, not in the fall—now. 
This is the Democratic leader. When we delivered on his request that he made on May 23, he voted no—even though he and every Senate Democrat voted yes to pass the Senate bill at ex-actly the same level that this con-ference report provided. Then, in an amazing reversal, Sen-ator M
URRAY of Washington—who, as I said a moment ago, quite responsibly worked with Senator B
LUNT from Mis-souri to come up with the original amendment funding this Zika preven-tion effort at $1.1 billion—she then in effect voted against her own amend-ment. Back in May, she was singing a different tune. She said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.045 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5121 July 14, 2016 
Families and communities are expecting us to act. Parents are wondering if their ba-bies will be born safe and healthy. In Con-gress, we should do everything we can to tackle this virus without any further delay. 
That was on May 26, 2016. But today, again, this same Senator who said these words on May 26 voted no. We have to ask ourselves why. What do they consider is more important than stopping this? What could it pos-sibly be? What could be more impor-tant, more demanding? What could be a higher priority for these Senate col-leagues than voting to fund the re-search on prevention that would stop this from happening to one more baby in America? Unfortunately, the hypocrisy we have heard doesn’t end there. On June 20, the senior Senator from New York, the next Democratic leader in waiting, said: ‘‘Every day we wait, every day is increasing the risk that we will have problems with Zika.’’ That is not exactly a profound state-ment, but it is a true statement. My point is that people are pretty disgusted with what they see here in Washington these days, where rather than trying to find consensus, people really find ways to say no and to block important legislation like this. This is the very definition of dysfunction. I have to tell you that I am beyond disappointed at the hypocrisy dem-onstrated by all of our Senate Demo-crats voting for the funding at the $1.1 billion level, only now for the second time to vote against this rescue appro-priation to prevent this sort of thing from happening. It really is beyond frustrating. It is disgusting. If there is anything good, any good news in all of this, I would say that, fortunately, months ago the Obama ad-ministration finally agreed with Sen-ate Republicans to set aside more than half a billion dollars of unspent funds for the Ebola crisis. There was roughly $589 million that was set aside and re-programmed for that purpose, but that is no excuse for failing to act com-prehensively as our Senate Democrats have urged us to do time and again. This is nothing to play around with. This is not a trivial matter. This is a life-altering, life-shortening, dev-astating birth defect that is prevent-able. What could be more important? It is our job to send this bill to the Presi-dent’s desk. As long as our Senate Democratic colleagues refuse to do so, as long as they refuse to defend the health and well-being of Americans across this country, as long as they refuse another chance to protect our children from devastating birth de-fects, there is not much we can do about it. There is something the American people can do about it, and they can call and they can write to their Sen-ator. They can say: I don’t care what your objection is; it better be pretty darned important if you are going to block funding that would prevent this from happening to my baby or to ba-bies in my family or in my neighbor-hood. Health experts across our country need resources to study the virus, to contain the virus, to keep it from spreading, and, hopefully, eventually to develop a vaccine. For our Demo-cratic colleagues to block this legisla-tion again months after saying it was so urgent amounts to tying the hands of our doctors, our local public health officials, and researchers from city to city. Clearly, the responsibility rests with them. When we see locally transmitted cases of the Zika virus in the United States caused by mosquitoes carrying that virus, the responsibility will be with them for refusing to act in light of the clarion call by public health offi-cials that this is a real public health emergency. To take this bill hostage is not only hypocritical; it is profoundly irrespon-sible. I don’t know how some of our colleagues can sleep at night knowing that they are putting these babies and their families at risk. There is simply no excuse for blocking this critical funding. As I said, there is a test that was taken today, and our Democratic colleagues once again failed the test. 
CONDEMNING THE ATTACK IN DALLAS  
Mr. President, on a separate and equally somber note, today Senator C
RUZand I submitted a simple resolu-tion that would condemn the horrific attack in Dallas of last week that took the lives of five police officers and wounded several more. It is a small way but an important way that we can honor those whom we have lost, ex-press sympathy to their families, and take a stand against violence and ha-tred targeting police officers. I hope this Chamber adopts this resolution without delay. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The Senator from Delaware. 
TRIBUTE TO FEDERAL EMPLOYEES  
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER TIANA GARRETT AND  
INGRID HOPE  
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, for more than a year now, I have come again and again to the Senate floor to highlight some of the remarkable work that is being done by the men and women who work at the Department of Homeland Security for our country. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity—created in the wake of the attack on 9/11—today has over 200,000 employ-ees. It was created by combining some 22 Federal agencies, including the Coast Guard, FEMA, and others. The Department’s employees are sta-tioned all over this country. In fact, you can find them all over the world. From keeping drugs from crossing our borders to screening passengers at air-ports, to safeguarding critical cyber se-curity networks, the men and women at the Department of Homeland Secu-rity take on some of the most diverse and challenging jobs of any Federal employee. Last month I spoke on this floor to highlight the work being done by a small group of folks who work at the Department of Homeland Security and an agency called the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office. With just 125 employ-ees, this office tracks and detects radi-ological and nuclear materials. They protect Americans from some of the most dangerous materials that are known to humankind. Another office within the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, charged with tracking dangerous yet nearly in-visible threats, is the Office of Health Affairs. The Office of Health Affairs leads the Department of Homeland Se-curity’s efforts to track and to coordi-nate the response to potential biologi-cal threats from infectious diseases. In 2014, with the outbreak of Ebola in Africa, the Office of Health Affairs was charged with tracking this deadly virus and studying the potential threat it posed to Americans here at home. This office has had to disseminate that threat information to other Federal agencies and to State and local health officials, as well, as part of our efforts to coordinate and be ready if this dis-ease does make it to our shores. The Office of Health Affairs also worked with Customs and Border Pro-tection to establish a screening pro-tocol for passengers arriving here from Ebola-impacted countries. The Office of Health Affairs continues to monitor and to keep us prepared for any re-maining threats we might face from Ebola. This summer, as we heard, we have yet another challenge on their plates. As we discussed in this Chamber as recently as a few minutes ago, over the past couple of months, the Zika virus has spread explosively through-out Central and South America and the Caribbean. Here at home, we have con-firmed more than 1,100 travel-related cases, including more than 320 affected women. Given the potentially devastating ef-fects that Zika can have, Americans are understandably concerned about how best to protect themselves, their families, or their future families from this previously little-known virus. That is why we are lucky to have the hard-working men and women at the Office of Health Affairs of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. As we speak, the Office of Health Affairs, through its National Biosurveillance Integration Center, is coordinating closely with the Department of Health and Human Services and the Centers for Disease Control to track the spread of the disease of the Zika virus. They are also communicating preven-tion and detection information to help officials across our country and our partners overseas. Already, the office has produced several Zika-related safe-ty advisories on everything from Zika transmission and prevention to mos-quito abatement, to Zika screening procedures. As we reach the height of mosquito season here in the United States, the Office of Health Affairs is actively coordinating response activi-ties with agencies across the Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.046 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5122 July 14, 2016 
Government and with State and local partners. Two exceptional employees within the Department and the Office of Health Affairs who are helping to co-ordinate the Department’s Zika pre-paredness and response activities are LCDR Tiana Garrett and Ingrid Hope. Here she is to my left, LCDR Tiana Garrett. I am an old Navy guy. People look at this, and in the Navy or in the Coast Guard, this indicates that you are a lieutenant commander, and this indi-cates what her rank is. She is a lieu-tenant commander. We call lieutenant commanders in the Navy ‘‘com-manders,’’ just to give them a com-pliment. So if I call her Commander Garrett, then I am not messing up. It is the way we do things in the Navy and the way we do things here. Commander Garrett is an officer in the U.S. Public Health Service—not in the Navy, not in the Coast Guard. She serves in a vitally important agency called the U.S. Public Health Service. As a biosurveillance operations ana-lyst, Commander Garrett is responsible for tracking and providing updates to Federal, State, and local partners on the spread of the Zika virus and other disease outbreaks. Through her work at the National Biosurveillance Inte-gration Center, Commander Garrett provides regular updates to thousands of government officials, representing the Office of Health Affairs in inter-agency calls and presentations and en-suring that others know that the De-partment of Homeland Security and its Office of Health Affairs is there to help. Commander Garrett also uses her master’s degree in epidemiology and her Ph.D. in cell biology to help de-velop health advisories to inform the Department of Homeland Security’s workforce about Zika virus exposure and how to prevent it. Commander Garrett’s colleagues describe her as a true public servant who has dedicated her career and much of her life to en-suring the health and well-being of oth-ers. Another Office of Health Affairs em-ployee within the Department of Homeland Security who is focusing on the Zika virus is this lady right here, and her name is Ingrid Hope. Ingrid is the Acting Deputy Division Director for the Workforce Health and Medical Support Division. Miss Hope is charged with making sure that the Department of Homeland Security’s policies protect its own employees from the threats posed by the Zika virus and other in-fectious diseases. Given the potential for frontline DHS employees to come into contact with this virus and other viruses, it is vitally important that they have the guidance they need to re-duce their own risk of exposure. Just like families in Delaware and around the country, Department of Homeland Security employees have been hearing about the Zika virus on the news. We have heard about it here on the floor today. While you and I can make changes to our schedule or change our travel plans to limit our ex-posure, the Department of Homeland Security employees at our ports of entry and along our boarders cannot do that. Their jobs put them in harm’s way to protect us against any number of threats to our homeland. The Zika virus is no different. Miss Hope does invaluable work by informing the Department of Homeland Security employees on how to limit their exposure while on the job. She also makes sure that the workforce knows how to detect the virus and how to keep themselves and their families as safe as possible. Without her impor-tant work, our officers on the frontlines will be far less prepared to deal with the potential public health crisis. As we continue to debate supple-mental funding to combat the Zika virus, we cannot forget the hard work needed to turn this funding into re-sults. It is my hope that Congress can reach a bipartisan agreement to pro-vide the Zika funding that is needed. Once that funding is approved, we must all keep in mind that the Zika virus will not simply disappear. Countless man-hours and woman-hours are put into collecting information, analyzing this relatively unknown virus, devel-oping tests, treatments, vaccines, and protecting the most vulnerable among us. So we say thank you. We say thank you to the men and today especially to the women at the Office of Health Af-fairs of the Department of Homeland Security. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to think about how much work is done each day—every day—in an ef-fort to make it safer for the rest of us on this planet and also to enable us to stay several steps ahead of this virus and eventually to overcome it. We cannot let our differences here hinder the work of our dedicated public servants. So to Miss Hope, to Lieuten-ant Commander Garrett, and to all the men and women at the Office of Health Affairs and the Department of Home-land Security, we say thank you today and every day. Thank you for your self-less and tireless efforts to keep Ameri-cans safe and secure from the many threats we face. While you continue to track and keep us informed about these threats and viruses and other orga-nisms that would otherwise go unno-ticed, know that your efforts behind- the-scenes have not gone unnoticed. We have noticed. They know they have not gone unappreciated. We appreciate them. I am not the only Senator who appreciates your hard work. I know I speak for all of my colleagues as well. Thank you and God bless you. 
ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING  
Mr. President, I wish to take a mo-ment before I say a word about the bat-tle against ISIS in other parts of the world. I want to talk about Zika fund-ing for a moment. The administration has asked for $1.9 billion to combat this disease. I think there has been a disagreement as to whether it should be that amount, $1.9 billion or some-thing less. We held a roundtable several weeks ago on the Zika virus, and we had folks with medical backgrounds and other backgrounds to talk about some of the smartest things we can do to reduce the threat and spread of the Zika virus in this country. I believe there was unanimous agreement that one of the best things we can do is improve access to contraception. They told us about the cost of pro-viding care for an infant who is born with this dreaded disease. We have heard a lot stories about babies being born with distorted heads and damaged brains. One witness told us the cost of raising that child from birth to the end of their life can be as high as $10 mil-lion per child. If we, through our ef-forts, can reduce a total of 190 births, the likelihood that some child will be born with this terrible deformity and condition—190 times $10 million is $1.9 billion. I think we can avoid even more pregnancies if we find a way to narrow and eliminate our differences and pro-vide the funding that has been re-quested by the President. Again, what I think Democrats ob-ject to, in terms of paying for the fund-ing for the Zika virus, is this pay-for actually reduces funding for family planning and reduces funding for con-traception. What we heard at our roundtable a week or two ago was that is where we should be putting our em-phasis and our dollars. I wanted to leave that thought, if I may. ISIS 
Mr. President, I came to the floor a week or two ago, and I brought this map with me. This map is familiar to some and not familiar to others. This is Iraq down here. Iran is over here to the east, and to the west of Iraq, we find Syria. This is Damascus, and Tur-key is up here. This is a place I have been to a number of times, and I sus-pect the Presiding Officer has been here as well. This is the capital of Iraq, which is Baghdad. What the ISIS folks started about 2 years ago was a very effective drive from this part of the world and heading for Baghdad. They almost reached Baghdad. They were within 20 miles or so of Baghdad. Anbar Province, which is represented here, has three cities, or three towns, that we consider the Sunni Triangle—Fallujah, Ramadi, and a place up here called Tikrit. If you ac-tually connect the lines between those cities, it is called the Sunni Triangle. There are a lot of Sunnis who live in that area. The area almost due north of Bagh-dad is one of the largest cities in Iraq called Mosul, and today it is held by ISIS forces. This salmon-colored area here represents areas that are still held by ISIS forces. The area in green, gen-erally to the northeast and southeast, are the areas that have been liberated from ISIS. When this started 2 years ago, the amount of land controlled by ISIS used 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.048 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5123 July 14, 2016 
to be the salmon and green colors com-bined. The amount of land they now control has been reduced by half. In ad-dition to that, the number of people from around the world signing up to fight on behalf of ISIS 2 years ago was 2,000 per month. Last month, there were 200. Two years ago, when ISIS was on a roll and going through Syria and Iraq, they had 10 fighters per month from the United States sign up to fight with ISIS. Last month, there was one. During the battle for this part of the country against the ISIS forces that were trying to establish their caliph-ate—their own country—we not only reduced the land mass they held in Iraq by half, we significantly reduced the land they controlled in Syria. We have seen this coalition that we have been a part of actually begin to gel into an ef-fective fighting force. I spent 5 years of my life as a naval flight officer in the Vietnam war in Southeast Asia, and 18 years after that, as a P–3 aircraft mission commander flying a lot of missions out of the naval air station in an area that is just north of Philadelphia called Willow Grove. I flew on missions all over the world tracking Soviet nuclear submarines. I have some experience with being in-volved in missions where we had naval aviation assets, fixed-wing aircraft, helicopters, working and commu-nicating with naval ships, naval sub-marines, and not just in the United States but with our NATO allies. I will tell you, it is hard to do. We have dif-ferent procedures and sometimes dif-ferent languages, and it is difficult to coordinate our operations and our exer-cises. I think when you put together a coalition with 60 different nations and try to figure out how to work and co-ordinate what everybody is doing— some are providing air power, which is what we do. We have two carrier groups in this part of the world. One is over here in the Mediterranean Sea and the other is down here in the Persian Gulf. We are launching F–18s and F–16s off of those carriers, and we are still using B–52s, which are literally older than the P–3s I used to fly on in the Navy all those years ago. They are op-erating out of a variety of bases, in-cluding Qatar and other places, to do high-precision bombing against the ISIS forces. We are using drones and A– 10 warthogs. We have a lot of air and naval assets, as well as others in the Air Force, and we have helicopters as well. It is not just us. While we are doing work in the air and providing ground support from the air, we are also pro-viding a lot of help with intelligence, and our allies in this part of the world are helping us with that. We also have boots on the ground. A lot of the boots on the ground in this part of world for this fight are from Iraq, and there are boots on the ground who frankly fled from ISIS 2 years ago and are now taking the fight to ISIS today. When Ramadi was retaken, the Iraqi troops led the way. When Fallujah was taken a couple of weeks ago, the Iraqi troops led the way. When Tikrit was taken several months ago, the Iraqi troops led the way. They were sup-ported by us and other elements of the coalition, but they led the way. This is Mosul, which is a big city, and right below it is a smaller city called Qayyarah. I think a bunch of our military folks call it Key West. Qayyarah has been taken by the Iraqi forces. It in the salmon-colored area, but is now in the hands of the Iraqi troops and government. There is a large airbase in Qayyarah. It is about 40 miles from Mosul, and this large air-base will be used to help stage the ef-fort coming up this summer and fall to retake Mosul. While this is going on in this part of the country, this part of the country al-Raqqa, which is really the spiritual capital, if you will, of the ISIS caliph-ate. Over here we have a combination of U.S. alliance forces coming in from the northeast and approaching al- Raqqa, and we have Syrian troops, sup-ported by Russian air, going this way, and that is the movement that is un-derway today. When people ask how things are going with this fight, I think most peo-ple really don’t know about the progress being made. A lot of people may think it is like it was 2 years ago, but it is not. A great deal has been ac-complished, and during that period of time, not only have we recaptured a lot of land, a lot of folks around the world, including from this country, who want-ed to sign up for ISIS, those numbers have dropped dramatically. In the last 2 years, we also know the FBI has arrested close to 100 individ-uals here on ISIS-related charges. In cyber space, over 125,000 pro-ISIS Twit-ter handles have been taken offline, and today for every pro-ISIS Twitter handle, there are 6 anti-ISIS handles that are tweeting to criticize ISIS’s ac-tions and challenge its twisted ide-ology, which has nothing to do with the Muslim faith. I think even ISIS may now suspect it is losing. Two days ago, a Washington Post story had the headline: ‘‘ISIS quietly preparing for the loss of the ‘caliphate.’’’ This area right here. ‘‘ISIS quietly preparing for the loss of the ‘caliphate.’’’ The article detailed how ISIS is trying to compensate for losing this battle and territory that was so important 2 years ago. They are trying to compensate for that in ways that undermine their claims of legit-imacy and relevance. As ISIS suffers these defeats, it is im-portant to show them, and us, that de-spite the horrific terrorist attacks in Orlando, Brussels, Istanbul, and other places, ISIS is losing this war. When ISIS loses on the battlefield, it can no longer credibly use its winner’s mes-sage that they are a winning team to attract recruits or inspire attacks. I will close with this. I am a baseball fan. I was in Cleveland less than a month ago for the funeral of one of our former colleagues, former Gov. George Voinovich. Former Senator and Gov-ernor, George Voinovich passed away. He was a wonderful human being. I went to the funeral. It was literally at the time of the NBA finals, and ev-erywhere I went in Cleveland, I saw people wearing Cleveland Cavalier hats and shirts or paraphernalia to make it clear they were supporting the team. The Cleveland Indians have a pretty good baseball team. The all-star game was this week, and a number of the In-dians played in the game. If you go to Ohio these days, you will see a lot of people wearing Cleveland Indian hats, shirts, and so forth. When a team is winning, it is kind of natural for people to want to be a part of a winning team. When 2,000 people a month were com-ing from all over the world to fight with ISIS, ISIS was perceived as a win-ning team. Two years ago, when 10 Americans per month were going to this part of the world to fight with ISIS, they were depicted and seen as a winning team. They are not a winning team. They are becoming a losing team. To the extent we can continue to make sure they are seen as a losing team and can successfully convey that, at least in this country, I think we re-duce the likelihood of people in this country being radicalized, particularly young people, and convinced to do hor-rific things against Americans in this Nation. I will close by quoting a fellow named Peter Bergen, who is one of the most knowledgeable people on ter-rorism and threats we face with these kinds of attacks. I was reminded of his testimony from last month in the Sen-ate. He said that since 9/11, every American who has died in a terrorist attack in this country has died at the hands of an American citizen or some-one who is here legally. I will say that again. Peter Bergen reminded us that since 9/11, everybody in this country who has died at the hands of a terrorist attack has been killed by an American citizen or by someone who is here le-gally in this country. People in this country will be far less inclined to do those kinds of horrific things if we can successfully convey what is going on on this battlefield on the other side of the world. That is why I come to this floor every week or two to remind us of that truth. With that, I yield the floor to my friend Senator S
COTT, who is yearning to speak, and I wish him well. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina. 
OUR AMERICAN FAMILY  
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I rise today for the final time this week. This has been a very emotional time for all of us and I believe a pivotal time for our Nation. For me personally, I be-lieve our brightest days are still ahead of us, and I will tell you why. I am a kid who grew up in a single- parent household, mired in poverty, disillusioned at times, who nearly flunked out of high school, whose life 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.051 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5124 July 14, 2016 
was changed by a strong, powerful Afri-can-American mama and an optimistic, visionary Chick-fil-A operator named John Moniz, who happened to be White. I think it is incredibly important that while our problems appear in black and white, our solutions are black and white. My life is a testament to God’s love— a mother’s love and the love of my mentor. I don’t deny that our Nation must have tough, painful conversa-tions—family conversations—but I have experienced what is possible when the family talks, and it is really a cool thing. My life story is a story of second chances—a love story of sorts. It is a dark hour in race relations for Amer-ica, but I bring you hope—real hope. In the Deep South, with a provoca-tive racial history, the voters of the First Congressional District of South Carolina—a heavily White district that is the home of the birthplace of the Civil War—elected the grandson of a man who picked cotton. I want to say that one more time. In the heart of the South, the home of the Civil War, a majority White district—these voters elected the grandson of a man who picked cotton over the children of the former U.S. Senator and Presidential candidate Strom Thurmond, and a very popular Governor, Governor Carol Campbell. I am hopeful because I have experi-enced the power of a State that has been transformed, the great State of South Carolina. So to my American family, please remain optimistic. On Monday, I discussed the impor-tance of supporting our law enforce-ment community. I followed on yester-day by asking all of us to also realize that although the vast majority of our law enforcement officers only seek to protect and to serve, there is still work to be done. There is a lack of trust be-tween the Black community and law enforcement—one that we as an Amer-ican family must come together and solve. I believe an old saying is a vital part of finding solutions: The only way to know where you are going is to know where you have been. As I mentioned earlier, part of the rich and sometimes provocative his-tory of America is to point in one of two directions. One is to realize that over the past 240 years we have had our challenges. Our Nation has nearly been pulled apart. But out of the crisis of our past has come the hope for our fu-ture. In a relatively short amount of time, we have made, in my estimation, remarkable progress as a nation. And while I will talk about a few of the policies I believe will help us move for-ward, as well as some things that are more about simply getting us to inter-act together—to sit down and break bread—the one thing our collective his-tory has taught us is that we must not lose hope. Yes, there is unresolved pain, suf-fering, and misery, but this is the greatest Nation on Earth, and we are the greatest Nation on Earth for a rea-son. Flawed men at our foundation opted to sacrifice themselves on behalf of other flawed men, and together we have done something unique in the his-tory of our planet; that is, simply to create a country that is based on the premise that all men are created equal and that our path forward will be blazed together. As the Book of Joshua says, we have to recognize our memorial stones so that we have a chance to move for-ward. So there is obviously no single solu-tion here. I hope to share a few today, some of which I have talked about be-fore, some of which have broad support in Congress, and some that have noth-ing to do with the Federal Govern-ment. Believe it or not, the govern-ment is not the answer to what ails us. The Federal Government can help in places, but the good news is that 300 million Americans, we as a nation, as a family, we are the solution. The first section of solutions sits in the realm of law enforcement and the Justice Department. Over the past few years, I have talked to a wide variety of officials from across the law enforce-ment arena, as well as groups like the Urban League and the NAACP Legal Defense Fund and many other groups. One solution that seems to be accept-able and almost exciting to so many folks is the notion of body cameras. So I have introduced my Safer Officers and Safer Citizens Act, which provides more resources for police departments to obtain body cameras, as well as to help pay for some of the startup costs for storage units and other require-ments. While we know body cameras cannot be the panacea, we also know this: If an officer is wearing one, we have a much better chance of understanding the situation from all sides. This is why so many law enforcement officers and agencies support using them. It is why we are seeing cities from Los An-geles to New York outfitting their offi-cers with more and more body cameras. I have also introduced the Walter Scott Notification Act, along with my good friend Senator G
RASSLEY . Our system for tracking police shootings is not working for our Nation. It is a patchwork system not built for the 21st century. So, long story short, this bill changes that. Hopefully it fixes the problems. We must know where we are to know where we must go. I am also glad to see my colleagues in the House, including my very good friend Congressman T
REY GOWDY , starting a bipartisan working group to take a hard look at the relationship be-tween the Black community and the law enforcement community. I am very hopeful that a similar group will start in the Senate. My final point on the Federal level is that I have had the pleasure of working with a group of colleagues—with J
OHN C
ORNYN and many others—working on this notion of criminal justice reform. I am very hopeful that work will con-tinue to move forward and produce real fruit. Much of this work that needs to be done won’t be done on the Federal level if it is done by the government; it will done by the local government and the State government. I have talked to so many in the law enforcement community who talk about the need for more training—spe-cifically, deescalation training, diver-sity training—and more efforts to get police officers out of their cars and into communities so that they form positive, healthy relationships so that when they are walking down the street, the folks know them. I spoke earlier with Senator LANKFORD , who talked about this notion of getting officers embedded in communities so that the officers know the very people they are talking to. This seems like common sense, and it seems like the right direc-tion. It is a two-way street. I think the Dallas police chief said it very well. He made the point better than I ever could. He said: If you have issues with policing in your neighbor-hood, well, we are hiring. That is very important. The Dallas Police Depart-ment, along with police departments all across this country, are hiring. He said: We will train you up, and we will put you back into your community. These are the sorts of real-world so-lutions and actions that build trust in communities. The second set of issues we have to tackle—and this is no surprise to any-one who has heard me over the last couple of years—focuses on one specific word. The word is ‘‘opportunity.’’ Too many communities in our Nation feel like they have been left behind, like no one cares, so why should they care? As someone, as I said earlier, who grew up in a single-parent household, I can tell you how strong that sensation to quit becomes, how quickly it grows. When you feel the way I felt in the past, frus-tration rises and you start seeing the world differently. You don’t trust peo-ple who aren’t from your neighborhood. That is a dangerous recipe. How do we tackle this problem? The answer, from my estimation, is kind of simple: education, jobs, and invest-ment—the cornerstones of my oppor-tunity agenda. On the jobs front, I have worked across the aisle with Senators like C
ORY BOOKER to introduce the LEAP Act, which allows for a very successful South Carolina apprenticeship program to become a national model so that kids can earn and learn at the exact same time. We know not everyone wants to or can afford to go to college, but that doesn’t mean they should not be able to find opportunities to provide for their families. By incentivizing ap-prenticeship programs, we can help folks see their potential, experience their potential, and live fulfilling and profitable lives. I have also introduced the Investing in Opportunity Act, which seeks to cre-ate a path for private sector dollars— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.053 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5125 July 14, 2016 
not government dollars but private sec-tor dollars—to be invested in distressed communities. We have 50 million Americans living in distressed commu-nities and over $2 trillion of unrealized capital gains just sitting there. We should incent those dollars to be in-vested in those communities. Finally, education. My good friend T
REYGOWDY said that education is the closest thing to magic in America. I think he is right. You can look at our incarceration rates, our unemployment rates, our high school dropout rates, our lifetime average incomes, and they all point to one specific area: edu-cational achievement. Trust me, I am the guy who just told you I almost failed out of high school. I know this firsthand. For me, the answer is very clear: Give parents a chance to find the best school for their children, and they will—period. Finally, solutions on a personal level. Again I turn to Dallas. As I was watch-ing one of the surgeons at Parkland Hospital, he was talking about his feel-ings toward law enforcement. He was saying that he was struggling the night after the shooting. He had worked all night trying to save the lives of these officers, and he was tossing and turn-ing, torn up on the inside that he could not save their lives. I can’t imagine how he felt. I can’t—Dr. B
ARRASSO , a surgeon—I can’t imagine how he felt, trying to save the lives of men and women who were willing to give their lives for others. I can’t imagine it. He is an African-American man. As he woke up and prepared for the next day, he struggled. He struggled with his per-sonal relationship and his personal concerns with law enforcement. What is he doing? I think this is in-structive for all of us. He said he is making sure his daughter sees him buying lunch for officers and sees them interacting in a friendly way because he doesn’t want to pass on to his daughter any sense of fear of law en-forcement, but respect, appreciation, and affection for the men and women who wear the uniform. I have seen it in my hometown of North Charleston, SC. It is an amazing experience. On Christmas morning, dozens of officers with dozens of volun-teers show up at city hall, and at 6 o’clock in the morning, these guys and gals go door-to-door in the poorest neighborhoods in North Charleston. I have been there with them once or twice. They knock at the door, and they look into the eyes of a little girl or a little boy who is expecting nothing for Christmas, and they hand that child a toy. There are simple ways to bridge the divide between the African-American community and other poor commu-nities and law enforcement. There are powerful ways, simple ways, to make a difference. As I have said a couple of times, the government cannot make us get along. We have seen it tried before. It simply cannot force you and me to take the leap of faith to try to trust again. The notion of America is really built on the foundation of faith—faith in each other, faith in a higher calling. If we are to mend the relationships in our family, we will have to do so by look-ing into each other’s eyes, walking in each other’s shoes, and listening—not waiting to talk, but listening—listen-ing, not only with your head, but lis-tening with your heart so that you hear and feel the pain and the chal-lenges of others. This is a simple commandment from God’s Word, Matthew 22:39, to love your neighbor as yourself. This is not simply a commandment, however. This requires action. You have to do some-thing. TREY GOWDY , a Congressman from South Carolina, and I are going to bring pastors and law enforcement offi-cials together in South Carolina so that we can have an honest, sometimes painful conversation about how to move forward together. In Charleston County I had a chance to speak with Sheriff Al Cannon, a longtime sheriff of Charleston. He sim-ply said that both sides have to come together because this is not a one-sided issue. Senator L
ANKFORD and I are dis-cussing a new idea called Solution Sun-day, a wonderful idea that Senator L
ANKFORD shared with me earlier this week, and we will talk about that more in the coming weeks, but the premise of the idea is you have to do more than just go to church together. We as a na-tion aren’t even doing that very well. But we have to eat together and do projects together. So we will hear more about the exciting idea of Solution Sunday in the upcoming weeks. I will continue to reach out to my colleagues and my friends who may not look like me, who may have a different philosophy than I do, so I can under-stand their hopes, their dreams, and their frustrations because listening is so important. As we look around our Nation, it appears to me that we haven’t done nearly enough listening to each other. In closing, I hope we all remember that we have survived turbulent times before: the Civil War, the Great Depres-sion, World War II, 1968, and in South Carolina, 2015. I still marvel at how our State responded to the shootings at Mother Emanuel—the power of forgive-ness, the power of love conquering hate. Earlier this year, I lost my grand-father. I haven’t really talked about it publicly. He was 94 years old and meant so much to me. This was a man born in Salley, SC, in 1921. I can only imagine what he had seen in South Carolina. I can only imagine the life, the challenges, the struggles of an Afri-can-American male in the Deep South in 1921, 1931, and the 1940s. He didn’t finish elementary school. He had to pick cotton. He never learned to read. He eventually got a job at the Port of Charleston—a job that, while it didn’t give us much in the way of tangible re-sources, provided an immeasurable life-line for our family. This is a story that has been repeated generation after generation in this country. I have heard the story from a very different frame from my good friend MARCO RUBIO. It is a story of success. It is a story of significance. It is a story of America. My grandfather’s grandson, yours truly, is a U.S. Senator. My brother, another grandson, rose to the rank of command sergeant major in the U.S. Army. My nephew, his great grandson, has graduated from Georgia Tech, Duke University, and now is on his way to Emory for medical school. That is the beauty of America—from cotton to Congress in one lifetime. We are a beautiful Nation. We are an amazing family. Families fight some-times. That is OK. We must remember that we are one single family. We can all get to where we are going, we must get to where we are going, and we will get there together. I want one more time to slow down, pause, and remember the sacrifices made by five Dallas police officers, the tragedies in Baton Rouge and Min-nesota. We have been through so much, but a bright future is still there for our tak-ing. Let’s make sure we grab it to-gether. Let me just say thank you to my staff, who worked very hard all week long to make sure we were prepared for these presentations, and I want to spe-cifically thank my communications di-rector Sean Smith, who helped put most of these words together, helped us work through the emotions, the chal-lenges, and how to frame the conversa-tion that we believe America must have. As my communications director, who happens to be a White guy, and my chief of staff who happens to be an Af-rican-American female—as we worked together, it reminded me that in the midst of our struggles, our challenges, and our difficulties, I depend on a rain-bow coalition, a patchwork quilt, to present my thoughts, my heart to America. We are America. We are Americans. God has blessed the United States of America. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I haven’t watched the last three speeches in de-tail of my esteemed colleague from South Carolina, but I have watched good parts of them. I am tremendously impressed by his personal experiences, his empathy for what is going on in America today, and his positive atti-tude, which I admire very much. 
CONDEMNING THE VIOLENT ATTACK IN DALLAS  
AND RECOGNIZING THE PEACEFUL PROTESTERS  
Today, before we adjourn, the Senate will unanimously adopt a resolution condemning last week’s violent attack in Dallas. This attack was on the po-lice officers in the Dallas community, and other law enforcement agencies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.054 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5126 July 14, 2016 
were also targeted. The people killed were Dallas police officers. We were all devastated by this mur-derous rampage that claimed the lives of five officers and wounded nine other police officers. Every Member of the Senate stands with the Dallas Police Department, and we have been so im-pressed with the chief of police. We stand with the Dallas Police Depart-ment, the victims, their families, and the brave men and women who serve the people of Dallas. I support this resolution because the least we can do in the Senate is honor these heroes. I support this resolution because the least we can do in the Sen-ate is to recognize the sacrifices made, much of it on national television. I think it is important that we also acknowledge the peaceful protesters who were marching that day for justice and an end to violence. They were call-ing for—and doing it in a peaceful man-ner—the end to the brutality and hos-tility that has taken the lives of Amer-icans of all backgrounds but disproportionally people of color. In the days leading up to the rally in Dallas, as we heard from my friend from South Carolina, two men were killed: Alton Sterling of Baton Rouge, LA, and Philando Castile of St. Paul, MN. The young man in Louisiana was held down by two police officers and then killed. Just the next day, a man was killed in his car with his fianc ´e and her 4-year-old daughter there, lis-tening and watching. Our friends in the African-American community demand recognition that their lives are valued and respected, as everyone’s life should be. It should be done equally. It was my suggestion that we add just a word or two to the resolution to at least recognize the purpose of the peaceful demonstrators in this resolu-tion. There was a decision made that that not be a part of the resolution, and I accept that, but I wanted to make sure we recognize these peaceful protesters and why they were there. There are many victims here, be they law enforcement officers, innocent peo-ple, innocent people of color. They all deserve to be acknowledged. As has been said by a number of people here over the last few days, you can’t sweep these problems that we have under the rug. I thought it was tremendous that the Senator from South Carolina talked about three things we should all agree on: body cameras, data collection— which is a code word for profiling—and of course something with the criminal justice system that we are so close to having on this floor that we could vote on. It is bipartisan. It should be done. So I appreciate very much the Senator from South Carolina mentioning these three things, and I think they are cer-tainly worth mentioning again. We can support the police officers of America, the men and women, and mourn those who have fallen and honor their bravery while also acknowledging that we must do better in preventing the senseless killings of people of color. I echo President Obama’s words from the memorial service in Dallas. He must be recognized for these great words when he said: ‘‘Find the char-acter, as Americans, to open our hearts to each other.’’ We need to do that. If we do, we can find empathy for each other, the empa-thy to understand the challenges law enforcement faces every day, and the empathy to understand the frustration and anger within the communities of color across our Nation. I look forward to the resolution being adopted. It is something the Senate should be proud of. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. 
f 
MEGABYTE ACT OF 2016 Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I rise today in support of H.R. 4904, the Mak-ing Electronic Government Account-able By Yielding Tangible Efficiencies Act of 2016, and that is an acronym for the MEGABYTE Act. H.R. 4904 is the House companion to a piece of legislation Senator G
ARY P
ETERS and I introduced, S. 2340. I would like to thank Senator P
ETERS  for being the lead cosponsor of the Sen-ate version of the MEGABYTE Act and thank Senator T
HAD COCHRAN for co-sponsoring it. S. 2340 passed the Senate by voice vote last week. My friends in the House of Represent-atives—Representative M
ATT CART-
WRIGHT , Representative W ILL HURD, Representative S
TEVE RUSSELL , and Representative E
LIJAH CUMMINGS —are the lead sponsors of H.R. 4904. It passed the House on June 7, 2016, by a vote of 366 to 0. The MEGABYTE Act reforms the Federal Government’s management of information technology software li-censing. The nonpartisan Government Accountability Office, or the GAO, found that implementing oversight and management policies of Federal soft-ware licenses saved a single agency 181 million taxpayer dollars per year. If implemented, the MEGABYTE Act could yield billions in savings across the Federal Government. Now, the Fed-eral Government spends $82 billion a year on information technology. In 2015, for example, for the second year in a row, GAO listed IT software li-cense management as a top priority for its annual duplication report. The GAO stated that the executive branch ‘‘does not have adequate policies for man-aging software licenses.’’ Of the 24 major Federal agencies, only 2 have implemented comprehensive and clear management policies of Federal soft-ware licenses. Furthermore, none of the 24 major Federal agencies have fully implemented all 5 industry-best practices recommended by the GAO. The MEGABYTE Act saves taxpayer dollars and cuts government waste through the following actions: The Office of Management and Budg-et Director shall issue a directive re-quiring that the chief information offi-cer of each executive agency is to iden-tify clear roles, responsibilities, and central oversight authority within the agency for managing enterprise soft-ware license agreements and commer-cial software licenses. Agencies will also establish a com-prehensive inventory, including 80 per-cent of software licensing spending and enterprise licenses in the agency. They shall regularly track and main-tain software licenses to assist the ex-ecutive agency in implementing deci-sions throughout the software license management lifecycle. They shall analyze software usage and other data to make cost-effective decisions. I notice that every now and then, someone has a database software package and they never use the data-base. We the taxpayer can save that money. They should provide training rel-evant to software license management and establish goals and objectives of the software license management pro-gram of the agency. Lastly, I will mention that they should consider the software license management lifecycle phases—includ-ing the requisition, reception, deploy-ment, maintenance, retirement, and disposal phases—to implement effec-tive decisionmaking and incorporate existing standards, processes, and metrics. Congress has the responsibility to en-sure that taxpayer dollars are being used efficiently and effectively. For all the reasons stated above, I offer my strong support for the MEGA-BYTE Act and urge the Senate to pass H.R. 4904, sending it to the President’s desk. With that said, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4904 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4904) to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue a directive on the management of soft-ware licenses, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4904) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. Mr. CASSIDY. I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.056 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5127 July 14, 2016 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017—MO-TION TO PROCEED—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. CAS-SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
COMMENDING THE JUNIOR SENATOR FROM SOUTH  
CAROLINA  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, let me start today by commending the re-marks by the junior Senator from South Carolina. Throughout this week and several—I guess it is now three times this week—his words and his pas-sion have both inspired us and in-formed us, but I think he has also chal-lenged all of us to do more for our country. I am grateful that I was here for his remarks today. I commend him for those words and for what he talked about on the floor today. 
STORM ACT  
Mr. President, 3 months ago I spoke on the floor to highlight the need to expand our arsenal of financial meas-ures against the terrorist group ISIS, which we know is also known as ISIL and known by other names or acro-nyms. I will use the acronym ‘‘ISIS.’’ I said at that time that these agents of hate, violence, and chaos could be sig-nificantly diminished by attacks on their finances. Not long after that, the President signed into law the bipartisan Protect and Preserve International Cultural Property Act, which I sponsored here in the Senate, which will undermine ISIS’s ability and efforts to pillage an-tiquities in Iraq and Syria for profit. But we need to keep up the pressure on this issue on ISIS. All terrorist organizations, of course, need resources to survive, and this is a vulnerability we must fully exploit. Dismantling the financial networks that support terrorism is a critical part of our mission to protect the United States of America. ISIS is the best example of how pressing the need is today. Militarily, ISIS continues to desta-bilize Iraq and Syria at the expense of millions of civilians who are caught in the crossfire. It continues to cultivate affiliates in northern and western Afri-ca, central Asia, and other parts of the Middle East. It continues to sow the seeds of terror in neighboring countries such as Turkey and Saudi Arabia and further afield—in Europe, Africa, and, of course, here in the United States. Many thousands of innocent lives have been tragically and unjustly lost in these attacks. Financially, ISIS relies on a variety of revenue streams. We must attack all of them. U.S. and coalition airpower is dis-abling oil refineries and stopping smuggling convoys in their tracks. U.S. Air Force Maj. Gen. Peter Gersten, deputy commander of the Combined Joint Air Task Force—Oper-ation Inherent Resolve, reported on April 26 of this year that ‘‘ISIS’s abil-ity to finance their war through oil re-fineries has been destroyed.’’ That is good news, but we have a lot more to do. As a result, ISIS is cutting fighters’ salaries and it is plundering everything and anything it can reach. It is looting banks, kidnapping for ransom, and ex-torting money directly from the 8 mil-lion people caught in its territory. Ac-cording to the Center for Analysis of Terrorism, such extortion now ac-counts for more than one-third of the income of ISIS. Tough sanctions have helped curtail ISIS’s ability to access the inter-national banking system, but ISIS is using informal channels to receive and spend money off the grid. Nonmonetary transfer systems and informal ex-change houses operating across mul-tiple countries have been less vulner-able to traditional sanctions. As ISIS adapts, so must the United States. The Department of the Treas-ury has been relentless in identifying and blacklisting individuals and enti-ties that finance terror. I applaud them for this work. Yet, because terrorist groups exploit financial jurisdictions to channel their ill-gotten gains, the United States cannot effectively stop terrorist financiers by itself; our coali-tion partners must join this fight. We cannot afford weak links in this chain. In February of this year, I visited Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Qatar to conduct oversight of our terrorism fi-nance strategy. I found that the events of the last 2 years have brought this issue of terrorism financing into sharp-er focus for the countries in the region. While many of our coalition partners are taking steps in the right direction, much more work needs to be done to stem this tide. We need to see more in-vestigations turn into arrests, more prosecutions, and more sentencings that take terrorist financiers off the streets. As with nuclear nonprolifera-tion, we need to build and reinforce the international architecture that gov-erns international cooperation to stop terrorist financiers. Last week, Senator I
SAKSON and I in-troduced the STORM Act, the Stop Terrorist Operational Resources and Money Act. This act authorizes a new designation called ‘‘jurisdiction of ter-rorism financing concern’’ if a country is not doing enough to stop terrorist financiers. Once designated by the United States of America—in fact, once designated by the President of the United States of America—that coun-try would face significant penalties that include the cessation of aid and the suspension of arms sales. To avoid the penalty, the country can enter into a technical assistance agreement with the United States to remediate the problem that led to its designation. The STORM Act also sanctions for-eign financial institutions that make deals on behalf of ISIS or launder money for ISIS. Like this Chamber’s recent action to sanction foreign banks that deal with Hezbollah, we must en-sure that no part of the international banking system is left open to ISIS. We expect overseas banks to join with us by using all of the tools at their dis-posal to make certain they are not un-wittingly or negligently acting for ISIS. Banks that fail to do so have no right to do business with the United States of America. The STORM Act will be a powerful tool in the President’s arsenal and fu-ture Presidents’ arsenals to starve ter-rorist groups of the resources they need to survive. I thank Senator ISAK-
SON for his original cosponsorship of this important legislation. It is essential that we send it through the Foreign Relations Committee, through Congress—both House and Senate—and to the President’s desk for signature as soon as possible. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. 
A CONVERSATION ABOUT RACE  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, 2 days ago, five police officers were shot and killed and others were very seri-ously wounded in the middle of a rally trying to bring people together, trying to allow Americans to be able to have what many call our ‘‘conversation on race.’’ As several have mentioned on this floor before about my friend the junior Senator from South Carolina, T
IM S
COTT—Senator S COTT commented on race all this week, as have several oth-ers on this floor who have talked about it. I hear many people in my own State and in the conversations I have had around my State speak about issues of race, and I keep hearing this ongoing statement: We need to have a greater conversation about race. Somewhat, I think, we as a nation are confused about how this actually gets resolved in some ways. So I want-ed to make a quick comment and a challenge to my fellow Senators and others who may be around. The chal-lenge is very straightforward and sim-ple. We talk about a conversation on race as if it is something that can hap-pen nationally at a rally, at a protest, in the media, among leaders. It is not really how America solves issues and problems. We solve it around dinner ta-bles. That has always been the place that we have resolved issues as a na-tion. It is our families who sit down to-gether and get a chance to talk it out. Over the past week, I have had this reoccurring conversation with people— just a simple question: Have you ever had a family of another race sit down with your family for dinner at your home? Have you ever invited another family of another race to your home for dinner? That doesn’t seem like a challenging question, but I have been amazed at the number of people I have posed that question to who have looked at me, who have hesitated, and said: Of course, I have. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.064 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5128 July 14, 2016 
Then I said: When? They had to hesitate and think and said: No, I don’t think, really, that has ever happened. I have people I work with, people I interact with, play sports with, go to school with, and live in my neighborhood, but I don’t think I have ever had a family of a different race than mine over for dinner. Here is my simple challenge to us. If we are going to have a conversation about race, maybe the conversation should start with each of our families at our dinner tables. It is what Senator S
COTT mentioned earlier. I have laid out a challenge, just a simple state-ment, what I call Solution Sundays. If you are going to be part of this solu-tion in America, maybe on a Sunday for lunch or for dinner, invite another family over of another race just to sit and have conversation. Everybody can put their feet under the same table and develop a friendship and a relationship. Every person can do that. Every per-son can be a part of the solution. Every person in our country can start to move that conversation a little farther. It is part of who we are. We don’t solve things based on a vote in America, we solve things around our dinner table. I would challenge every American to invite someone from another race to their home, just sit and have Sunday lunch together and watch and begin to see what happens in our Nation. 
IRAN 
Mr. President, today is also an anni-versary day. Today is happy birthday to the JCPOA, what is commonly known as the Iran nuclear deal. Happy birthday, you are 1-year old today. In many ways we have seen some progress in some areas. Iran does have fewer centrifuges now than what they had a year ago. Iran has allowed the in-spectors to come into some locations. That is a positive thing. Iran has al-lowed engagement in some of their pur-chasing of some of their nuclear mate-rials. That is a positive thing, and I am grateful for the progress. I hope that progress continues, but at this point it is just a hope. Quite frank-ly, today, for me, recognizing the 1- year birthday of the Iran nuclear deal is a reminder to the administration that America and the Congress have not forgotten that this is a deal that has to be implemented with great strength, because the issues that we face in relationship with Iran are a multitude. Let me just highlight a few things just to be able to talk through some of the issues that I have seen and things that are still coming, things that have happened in the past year and things that are still to come. For instance, in the past year the international community has released around $100 billion to Iran. So $100 bil-lion has flown back to them. What has happened in that time period? Well, they have recapitalized their banks. They have recapitalized in several areas they have needed in their econ-omy, but they have also increased their military defense spending by 90 percent in the past year. That flood of money has accelerated the Iranian military buildup. We have actually contributed to that as Americans. About a month or so after and short-ly connected to the Iran nuclear deal being announced and going through the process, Iran released several folks who were considered hostages by the Ameri-cans—Americans jailed in Iran. They released those individuals and shortly thereafter the administration released $1.7 billion to Iran from the Judgment Fund, saying this was part of the re-turn from some of the money that was required from Iran from 1979 in the fall of the Shah—$1.7 billion. Interestingly enough, months later, Iran, in its movement, increased its military spending exactly $1.7 billion, and the Iranians announced those two were connected. American tax dollars directly funded $1.7 billion of Iranian military buildup. I wish I could even stop there. Just months ago, the administration an-nounced that we were going to start purchasing heavy water from Iran. You see, we don’t produce our own heavy water. Heavy water is used in de-velopment of nuclear materials for a nuclear weapon, but it is also used in research. The United States doesn’t produce our own heavy water. We pur-chase it from Canada mostly. But instead, this time we purchased nuclear water for over $8 million from Iran. So we didn’t purchase from our ally, but we purchased from Iran. I wish I could tell you that is all it is, but this is what Secretary Moniz an-nounced with this statement upon the purchase of that heavy water from Iran: 
The idea is: OK, we tested it, it’s perfectly good heavy water. It meets spec. We’ll buy a little of this. 
He said: 
That will be a statement to the world: ‘‘You want to buy heavy water from Iran, you can buy heavy water from Iran. It’s been done. Even the United States did it.’’ 
In the past year we have moved from sanctions on Iran to being Iran’s sales-man, to helping them sell heavy water to the world, telling them: Don’t buy from our allies in Canada anymore. We tested the Iranian water, and we like it. You should buy that. That is a pretty big shift in the last year, to move from ‘‘we have sanctions on you as a terrorist nation’’ to ‘‘we are your salesmen.’’ People of the world should start buying their heavy nuclear water from Iran. That is all just in the past year. I wish I could stop, but many people have noticed, if they are watching the media at all, that Iran has launched multiple test missiles in the past sev-eral months. On October 10, they launched a missile with an 800-mile range. On November 21, they launched another long-range missile. On March 8 and March 9, they launched other mis-siles as test missiles. All of these are in violation of the missile test treaty ban that has been in place for years on Iran. What has been done so far to be able to sanction back down sanctions? Nada. They are recapitalizing their mili-tary. They are testing new missiles that are capable of carrying nuclear ar-maments. They are continuing to pur-sue nuclear materials in opposition to the direct agreement. Just days ago, Germany released a long report from their domestic intel-ligence agency, which is their equiva-lent of our FBI. They released a state-ment saying the findings by the Fed-eral Office for the Protection of the Constitution—that is their FBI—in a 317-page report said they had found that Iran had a clandestine effort to seek illicit nuclear technology and equipment from German companies at what is even, by international stand-ards, a quantitatively and actively high level. German Chancellor Angela Merkel underscored the findings in a state-ment to Parliament saying: Iran vio-lated the U.N. Security Council’s anti- missile development regulations, seek-ing nuclear materials in a quan-titatively high level from German com-panies in a clandestine way. Angela Merkel is saying they are continuing to press on the missile side of things. They are continuing to advance. At the same time, out in plain sight, Iran has purchased the S–300 missile defense system from Russia. They con-tinue to have a tremendous number of religious- and human-rights-docu-mented prisoners in Iran. There are an estimated 821 individuals right now. By the way, some of those also are Ameri-cans who are currently imprisoned in Iran right now—some of them just for the practice of a minority faith. Just weeks ago, I asked DNI Clapper, the President’s Director of National In-telligence: What has changed in Iran’s being the largest state sponsor of ter-rorism in the world in the last year? His response to me was this: Nothing. They are still advancing against Bah-rain to have a coup. They are still funding the civil war and coup that is happening in Yemen. They are still funding Hezbollah. They are still prop-ping up Assad. In fact, I have increased their funding levels there. All of those things still continue to advance, just with more money and with more supplies now than what they had in the past. It is the 1-year birthday of the Iran nuclear deal. Iran is a rising power in the region and continues to advance to-ward nuclear technology. So what are we going to do about it? One is that we need to continue to re-mind everyone who is out there that this is a very serious threat. Iran with a nuclear weapon is completely unac-ceptable in this world. The largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world should not have nuclear weapons. The world community should at least agree on that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.065 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5129 July 14, 2016 
I have pushed on several areas. I au-thored a deal dealing with its resolu-tion, in fact, detailing when the admin-istration should do snapbacks. The ad-ministration has been very vague about when they will actually snap back sanctions. So we took their deal, which they had, went through it in great detail, put it in technical lan-guage, and put it in a resolution to clearly state: Here are the boundaries of this resolution so it has no fuzzy gray areas. Through an appropriations amend-ment, we have also demanded that we get greater detail of the $1.7 billion in transfer money from the Judgment Fund that was transferred to Iran. Cur-rently, we have almost no detail on that other than that we know Iran used it for its military development because they announced that and put that out. Third, I have worked with Senator F
ISCHER from Nebraska creating a Judgment Fund transparency piece so that we will never again transfer American dollars to any state sponsor of terrorism around the world. Couldn’t we have that as minimum criteria— that we will not spend the hard-earned tax dollars of Americans to help supply the military requirements of a larger state sponsor of terrorism? I cosponsored a bill with Senator R
UBIO which prohibits giving Ex-Im fi-nancing to any company in Iran or to Iran in general to make sure that Iran is not coming, again, to the American taxpayer to be able to get some sort of subsidies to be able to do that. And as I have mentioned before, we will continue to remind the adminis-tration that no one is forgetting be-cause we do not have the option of los-ing track of a nuclear Iran. Happy birthday to the Iran nuclear deal. I hope that in the years ahead, we can say that we have a non-nuclear power Iran, but I will tell you that based on what has happened in the past year, I remain incredibly skeptical of that. I yield back the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. 
WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the need to pass the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, also known as WRDA. Despite strong, bipartisan support, the Senate has yet to take a vote on a common-sense, necessary piece of legislation. Frankly, I am extremely dis-appointed. WRDA will help commu-nities across the Nation who need to repair, expand, or modernize their water infrastructure. The bill invests in the Nation’s ports and inland water-ways to improve commerce, and it moves us toward major upgrades to locks and dams in places such as the Upper Mississippi River System. WRDA will improve flood protection in order to better safeguard commu-nities from damage and will restore ecosystems and promote public access for recreation. This legislation empowers local part-ners in water resource project imple-mentation and improves the approval process for the U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers projects. WRDA promotes innovative tech-nologies to address water resource challenges, including additional sup-port to drought-stricken communities. This bill also makes essential invest-ments in drinking water and waste-water infrastructure, including emer-gency assistance to communities fac-ing water contamination, such as Flint, MI. Earlier this week, I had the oppor-tunity to again meet with families from Flint. The devastating water crisis con-tinues to have an unimaginable impact on the children and families there. I was heartbroken to hear more about some of their daily struggles, but I was also inspired by their resiliency. The provisions included in the WRDA bill will help ensure that Flint resi-dents will have the resources and sup-port necessary to address this ongoing and catastrophic tragedy. WRDA will help Flint residents, but it will also help communities all across our coun-try with drinking water and infrastruc-ture challenges. It will modernize the State Revolving Loan Fund Programs and capitalize the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act Program— also known as WIFIA—a new, low-in-terest financing mechanism to fund large-dollar-value infrastructure projects all across our Nation. The many benefits of the WRDA bill—from drinking water protections to waterway improvements, to water body restoration—is why it enjoys broad, diverse support. Over 100 stake-holder organizations have called on the Senate to bring WRDA to the floor. These groups include: the American Society of Civil Engineers, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Nature Conser-vancy, United Steelworkers, National Association of Counties, the National League of Cities, the U.S. Conference of Mayors, and the National Association of Clean Water Agencies. Our dedicated partners across the aisle are also ready to move on this im-portant bipartisan piece of legislation. Senator I
NHOFE recently joined 28—28 of his Republican colleagues on a letter to the Senate Republican leadership calling for a vote. The Environmental and Public Works Committee passed the Water Resources Development Act with strong, overwhelming bipartisan support—a vote of 19 to 1. This commonsense bill is ready for a vote in the Senate. Communities across our country—including the fam-ilies of Flint—are ready and waiting for us to act. I truly hope the WRDA bill can be prioritized for action on the floor when we return in September. We simply must act, and we must act as quickly as possible. 
STARTUP COMPANIES  
Mr. President, when we think about fast-growing startup companies, we might think about Silicon Valley, Bos-ton, or Boulder. While these cities cer-tainly have very vibrant startup eco-systems, innovative startups and small businesses are being founded and are growing across the United States, in-cluding my home State of Michigan. In each of our States, there are hard- working entrepreneurs who have estab-lished job-creating startups. These dy-namic companies act as entrepre-neurial leaders, innovators, and job creators within our communities. In-dustries, including retail, health care, entertainment, transportation, and education are being revolutionized and reshaped by entrepreneurs in our local communities. They are reimagining the future by using technology to solve problems and create innovative prod-ucts and services. According to the Kauffman Founda-tion, startups are a major force for job creation in the United States. Startups under 1 year old create about 2 million jobs per year, accounting for 20 percent of gross job creation, though they only represent 8 percent of the firms in this country. Despite the fact that new startups are vital to our country’s economic and job growth, many members of our com-munity may not know these innovative companies exist, and many startup companies may not know where to ac-cess the resources to help their compa-nies succeed. In 2013, I joined a bipartisan group of colleagues—including Congressmen POLIS and I SSA—to create the first an-nual Startup Day Across America to bring attention to startups throughout Michigan and across the United States. That year, I had the opportunity to visit Start Garden—a combined ven-ture capital fund and shared startup workspace in Grand Rapids—with Con-gressmen H
UIZENGA and A MASH , where we heard firsthand about the exciting new businesses being funded in Western Michigan. In 2014, I met with a group of entre-preneurs at the Madison Building in Detroit, home to startups backed by Detroit Venture Partners. I spoke with Paul Glomski, the CEO of Detroit Labs. Founded in 2011 with just four em-ployees, Detroit Labs now has upward of 100 people working for them, build-ing cutting-edge technology in down-town Detroit. They dream up, design, and build mobile apps and have made them for General Motors, Domino’s Pizza, Kimberly-Clark, DTE Energy, and many others. They also provide a paid apprenticeship program that teaches hard-working Michiganders how to code and connects them to jobs upon completion of the program. Startups are not just about apps and tech, though. I also visited Ponyride, a coworking space in Corktown, where I met Eric Yelsma, founder of Detroit Denim. He and his team are making high-quality jeans in Detroit and ship-ping them across the country. In 2015, I visited startups in Traverse City, where I heard about the growing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.067 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5130 July 14, 2016 
startup and venture capital ecosystems in Northern Michigan that are pulling in talent from across the Midwest, in-cluding Cherry Capital Foods, a young company that works with Michigan farmers to help them find new cus-tomers. This year, I have teamed up with Senators W
ARNER , DAINES , and S COTT to encourage our colleagues to visit a startup anywhere in their home State during the week of August 4. Like me, they know startups are taking root across the Nation—in Richmond, VA, Bozeman, MT, Charleston, SC, Kala-mazoo, MI, and other communities. In fact, Michigan is one of the fastest growing venture capital communities in the Nation, a critical asset that will help us become the startup capital of the Midwest. We have world-class col-leges and universities, more engineers than any part of the country, and an infrastructure to export not just na-tionally but all across the globe. While I am focused on connecting tal-ented Michigan entrepreneurs to the capital they need to grow and succeed, I will also continue working with my colleagues on Federal policies that will support these important startups and small businesses. That means strong science, technology, engineering, arts, and math, or STEAM, education, along with expanding efforts to encourage our Nation’s students to learn how to code. Even basic programming skills are incredibly marketable, not just among tech startups but throughout the entire economy. We also need to make sure startups are able to compete on a level playing field on the Internet and have access to fast, affordable broadband no matter where you live. Additionally, we must work together to help entrepreneurs master challenges and impediments that stand in their way as they seek to establish their firms and to create jobs. Startups play a key role in economic growth, and we have to do more to help them. A recent report from the Economic Innovation Group found that since the end of the recent recession, new firms have increased by only 2.3 percent and are concentrated in only 25 percent of U.S. counties, especially in dense, high-er population areas. We have to ensure that every American community has the opportunity to experience the eco-nomic benefits new business establish-ments bring. We have to ensure that every America community has the req-uisite tools to support entrepreneurs as they turn their ideas into action, transforming their neighborhoods and the economic trajectories of their neighborhoods in the process. Ultimately, success for any company comes down to matching talent with capital. Small businesses and startups now have a variety of sources of capital to expand and create jobs: traditional bank loans, for example, SBA loans in-cluding the 7(a) Loan Program I have championed in the past, State-backed loans through the Michigan Economic Development Corporation, facilitated by the State Small Business Credit Ini-tiative, venture capital, friends or fam-ily, and now even crowdfunding. Just as there are a number of factors that contribute to a vibrant startup ecosystem, there will be a wide array of stakeholders, decisions, and indus-tries that will contribute to shaping Michigan’s future economy. I am com-mitted to ensuring that our growing startup community will be a fixture of creativity, innovation, and job creation for decades to come. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
REMEMBERING CAPTAIN JEFF KUSS AND  
RECOGNIZING THE BLUE ANGELS  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, with all that has occurred in our country over the past few weeks, I wanted to take a moment to bring everyone’s attention to something that had a profound im-pact in my home State of Florida and something all Americans should reflect on. This weekend, the Navy’s Flight Demonstration Squadron—most fa-mously known as the Blue Angels—will take to the skies over Pensacola for the Pensacola Beach Air Show. It will be their first air show appearance in Florida since that fateful day of June 2, when they lost Capt. Jeff Kuss, a U.S. Marine Corps Aviator, and the No. 6 airplane in the Blue Angels lineup. Captain Kuss, simply put, was an American hero. Like all Blue Angels pilots and the men and women who support the Blue Angels mission, Cap-tain Kuss was the very best of what our military and our Nation has to offer. He was a war hero. He served our coun-try proudly over hostile skies in Af-ghanistan. He was a decorated aviator who earned the Strike Flight Air Medal and the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal during his time with the Corps. I commend the Marine Corps for training such a skilled avi-ator, as well as Naval Air Station Pen-sacola, where he first started flying in 2007. Captain Kuss was a hometown hero, a local boy from Durango, CO, who grad-uated from Durango High School and attended Fort Lewis College. He ful-filled a lifelong dream by performing a flyover with his teammates over Super Bowl 50 and then watched his Denver Broncos win their third Super Bowl championship. Captain Kuss was a hero in his own home. A loving son to his parents Janet and Michael, a devoted husband to his wife Christina, and loving father to his two young children, Calvin and Sloane. The same attributes that Captain Kuss demonstrated throughout his life—service, sacrifice, loyalty, faith, devotion—they were all present in his final moments as well. He could have ejected, but instead he stayed with his plane and steered it away from a more populated area to spare any additional loss of life. I know that in our country today there is ample reason for pessimism. We hear plenty from various voices about what is wrong with our country, but let’s take a moment to reflect on the life of Capt. Jeff Kuss and the Blue Angels because they are everything that is right about our country. The love they share for one another, the sacrifices they make in service to our Nation, and the devotion they have to their calling represents the very best of the American spirit. The rumble of those engines over the skies of Pensacola this weekend will not just be a resumption of their duties as aviators and military professionals; it will be a tribute—a tribute to Cap-tain Kuss and the life he spent doing what he loved. To the people of Pensacola, the ‘‘Cra-dle of Naval Aviation’’ and the place the Blue Angels call home, the Blues are their team. Think about whatever major sports team you have in your hometown and the love the community gives those professional or college ath-letes who compete on national tele-vision. It pales in comparison to the bond the people of Pensacola have to their home team, the Blue Angels. Our State and the community in Pensacola took the loss of Captain Kuss very hard. To the people who saw him around town, he was Jeff, a friend, a neighbor, and someone to be proud of. And true to the spirit of Pensacola, the community has rallied to provide com-fort to Captain Kuss’s teammates and to his family. I am so proud my home State is home to the Blues. I am proud Pensa-cola continues to embrace the Blues and to make every member of the Blue Angels family a part of the Pensacola family. I am proud the Blues will re-turn to the Pensacola Beach Air Show this weekend, and I am proud the United States has a military made up of extraordinary Americans like Capt. Jeff Kuss. So I ask all Americans to keep Cap-tain Kuss and his family in your pray-ers. Thank God for him, for our mili-tary men and women and families who sacrifice alongside them, and for the freedom they risk their lives to pre-serve. I ask that God bless Captain Kuss and his family and God bless the Blue Angels as they fly this weekend and in the weeks, months, and years to come. 
CENTRAL EVERGLADES PLANNING PROJECT  
Mr. President, I recently addressed the Senate and our Nation about truly a disaster that is wreaking havoc on my home State of Florida. It is a thick and putrid algal bloom known as the blue-green algae that has appeared along large stretches of the St. Lucie River and the Indian River Lagoon. This is happening because nutrient- rich water—basically, water that has things in it like fertilizer—is running into Lake Okeechobee from north of that lake, which is the lake in the cen-ter of our State. Historically, that water sat in Lake Okeechobee but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:12 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.068 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5131 July 14, 2016 
would run southward through the Ever-glades, but with development and canal systems and so forth, that all stopped. So now that water sits in the lake, and it is held back by the Herbert Hoo-ver Dike, which was put in place to prevent flooding and the loss of lives of those who live around Lake Okee-chobee. When the water rises to levels that threaten the integrity of that dike, it needs to be released. And in-stead of being released in a clean form to the south the way it once histori-cally was, it is now released to the east and to the west. These waters, rich in nutrients, are released into estuaries and canals that also have nutrients in them because of storm water runoff or because of seep-age from faulty or old septic tanks. When that flow reaches the ocean, the estuaries, the lagoon, the lake, or the river and is under the hot sun—as it is during the summer—the conditions be-come ripe for an algae bloom. That is what we are seeing now. Although the bacteria is always present in the waters, it needs the present circumstances to form, and, unfortunately, the conditions we have now have been a perfect storm. This winter and spring provided numerous storms and produced so much rain that the Army Corps of Engineers began dis-charging water in January, and it hasn’t stopped since. I recently requested the Army Corps to stop these harmful discharges. They agreed to slow the discharges but not to stop them entirely. With the State of Florida’s emergency declaration, more water is able to be held north of the lake, which allows for less water to be discharged east and west out of the lake. I was there a couple of weeks ago, and it is a disgusting sight to see and to smell and to breathe. The algae has forced the closure of several beaches, killing fish and oysters, hurting tour-ism, harming local businesses, and sinking property values. People are canceling their vacations, and all of this is hurting the local economy in the Treasure Coast in enormous ways. So far, we have done a number of things to help address this problem. For example, I supported our Gov-ernor’s request that President Obama declare this a Federal disaster so that resources can be made available to the impacted communities. I asked that the President approve this request promptly so that the much needed re-sources can be deployed. My office has also been working for months with the Small Business Ad-ministration on the harmful impacts of the discharges. In April we were able to get the SBA to ensure disaster loans were made available to businesses suf-fering from these discharges. We were recently able to confirm with the SBA that the disaster loans will apply to those affected by the current algal blooms. We have been in touch with the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention about making sure the concerns many have about the health impacts of the algae are properly looked at and ad-dressed. I was pleased to learn this week in a meeting that the CDC has been working with the State of Flor-ida, and I have asked them to stand ready, should the State require more assistance. Perhaps the single most important long-term solution we can put in place is the need for the Senate and for the House to pass and for the President to sign the authorization for the Central Everglades Planning Project, which will divert these harmful discharges away from the coastlines and send more water south through the Ever-glades. We cannot lose our focus when it comes to these projects. As you heard a moment ago, the Sen-ator from Michigan mentioned the water bill. Along with 29 other Sen-ators, I sent a letter to Senate leader-ship, asking that the Water Resources Development Act receive floor consid-eration. I have also urged the leaders of the Senate to take this action, specifi-cally because of the merits of the Cen-tral Everglades Planning Project in-cluded in that bill and because of its importance to Florida. I want to focus the rest of my time here on a new problem that emerged just last Friday. It deals with the dis-charges from Lake Okeechobee. As I mentioned, these discharges—the water being released—have been ongoing since January of this year, and what the discharges do is lower the salinity levels and cause the algae to bloom. Just when you think you have had enough problems to deal with on this, the Federal Government came out of nowhere last Friday and threw in an-other wrench. The Obama administra-tion, through the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service, ‘‘recommended’’ that the South Florida Water Management Dis-trict force more water from the north into that lake that is already releasing too much water, and they did so in order to protect 10 snail kite bird nests—10 bird nests. If the local water district does not comply with this ‘‘recommendation,’’ the Federal Government has threat-ened to sue them. As I have just cov-ered, the Lake Okeechobee discharges are part of the problem. Yet here come Federal regulators from a completely different department asking for more discharges. And why? To protect 10 bird nests. In Florida, we love our wildlife. We love our Florida panthers. We love our dolphins. We love our manatees. If you drive across the State, I can’t tell you how many animals you will see on peo-ple’s license plates because Florida’s Department of Motor Vehicles provides many options for people to show just how much they love and support the different animals, the flora and fauna that our State has. In fact, I am one of those people with one of those plates. I have an alligator on mine, although it is the University of Florida Gator. We love our wildlife in Florida, but when you have situations and conflicts like this one, you are essentially try-ing to figure out whose side to be on: 10 bird nests of a species with numbers on the rise or millions of Treasure Coast residents and the marine life that in-habits those waters? The answer should be clear. Stop the discharges and side with the millions of people on the Treasure Coast. But the Federal Gov-ernment is clearly not on their side. What the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service is demanding is truly beyond com-prehension, and it is an example of a Federal bureaucracy run amok. If the local water district does as the Federal Government demands and releases held water into Lake Okeechobee, the Army Corps of Engineers is going to be forced to increase discharges into the St. Lucie and Caloosahatchee estuaries. These regulatory decisions are hav-ing a real impact on Floridians, on our ecology, on our economy, and on our very way of life up and down the Treas-ure Coast. I asked the Director of Fish & Wildlife, as well as the Secretary of the Interior, to immediately reverse this harmful, tone-deaf instruction that, if they implement it, will only prolong the ecological crisis along the Florida waterways. Just admit that this makes no sense—no sense at all. Reverse this order, and let’s focus on everything else we need to be doing on this algae issue and that we were focused on be-fore the Federal Government decided to create yet another problem to deal with. 
TRIBUTE TO EMILY BOUCK  
Mr. President, on a third and final topic, today I would like to acknowl-edge a valued and long-term member of my Senate office who recently left our office. Emily Bouck has been on our team for nearly 7 years. She started as an intern on my 2010 Senate campaign and then came here to the Senate, proving herself, taking on every chal-lenge asked of her, and ultimately helping me develop higher education and health care policies. Among the many issues that Emily handled for us, she worked tirelessly on the Zika issue and finding a way to help those afflicted with it. Everyone in my office has come to trust Emily’s expertise. That is why she will be missed. We thank her for her service to our office and to the people of Florida, and we truly wish her the very best. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, it is time once again for the waste of the week. This is ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ No. 48. For 48 weeks I have been coming to the Senate floor during this Senate ses-sion, a 2-year session, talking about the waste, fraud, and abuse of taxpayer money. The ever-growing need to tack-le our soaring debt has been brought to our attention once again this week by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. On Tuesday, the budget office re-leased its long-term Federal budget up-date, and it is not pretty. Once again, CBO bluntly told Congress that we need to reduce the Federal debt as soon as possible. How many times do they have to send a report here saying: Look, the house is on fire; you have to do something about it. I say, once again—but I can say once again, once again, once again, once again, once again—the Congressional Budget Office is nonpartisan. It is not Republican; it is not Democrat; it is not liberal; it is not conservative. These guys deal with numbers, and the numbers don’t lie. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:12 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.069 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5132 July 14, 2016 
You don’t have to be a math genius to figure out that we are spending far more than we take in, and we have to borrow against that. Just under this administration, we have nearly doubled from $10.7 trillion of national debt to almost $20 trillion of national debt. This is the legacy the President wants to carry? You never hear him talk about this. You never hear this mentioned. Oh, ObamaCare is the best thing that has ever happened in the world. If you have been listening to the disaster that is rolling out under ObamaCare and the premiums that have doubled and the copays that have tripled and the ex-emptions that have been lost and all kinds of things happening to people in America here today under this flawed Federal program, you would under-stand this. We are talking about a budget out of control, spending out of control. I have been a part of efforts to deal with this on a macro basis. All of those have failed, and they failed because the President of the United States has re-fused to come to a conclusion in work-ing with us. Oh, he made some at-tempts to do it. He made some nice statements, but in the end it was al-ways: Can’t go there. I decided I would at least try to point out documented issues of waste, fraud, and abuse. The very least we can do is stop this kind of spending. We have to-taled up a pretty good total here. We are approaching $250 billion of docu-mented waste, fraud, and abuse. CBO projects that the combined So-cial Security trust funds will be ex-hausted by 2029—5 years earlier than the Social Security trustees estimated a little bit ago—forcing automatic ben-efit cuts on seniors and people with dis-abilities. Let me repeat that: forcing automatic cuts to seniors and those with disabilities. Do you hear Senators talking about the fact that we are going to have to do this? No, I don’t hear this on the floor. Do you hear the President talking about this? No, let’s pass this on—2029, I mean, that is way in the distance. Why do we need to worry about that now? That is what they were saying when the debt was $10.7 trillion. That is what they were saying when the debt was $5 trillion: We can do this later. Well, the clock is ticking. Is anybody out there listening? Hello, hello. We are on the road to insolvency, and your elected representatives and your President aren’t doing anything about it. As you can tell, I get pretty worked up about this. I am down to some of the small stuff, pointing out: Can’t we at least do this? Can’t we at least come together as a Senate and as a House of Representatives, and can’t we at least eliminate the waste, the documented fraud, the abuse of programs? I am now on week No. 48. I have a card here that details all of the issues we have done. It keeps adding up and adding up, and I am only scratching the surface. I can be down here every day, maybe every hour of every day the Senate is in session, talking about a waste of the week. What the CBO puts out, what the Government Accountability Office puts out, what independent agencies put out—we can do 24-hour filibusters and just rack one up after another. This is your Federal Government in action. The tragedy is these are the tax dollars that you work hard for every week and that you send to Washington, and you want them responsibly used. Yes, of course, we have to fund the military. Yes, we want to take care of the veterans. We want to take care of our national security. We are a threat now from ISIS; we are a threat from terrorists around the world, some of them domestic. We want police forces, we want intelligence, and we want all those entities that are involved in keeping us safe. We need to fund those agencies. What about medical research? What about disease control? We are talking about Ebola. We are talking about Zika. We are talking about a number of things that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention deals with in Atlanta. How about education? How about roads? How about sewers? How about waterlines? How about the raft of things that require spending in order to keep our Nation healthy, in order to keep our Nation functioning, in order to make us competitive in the world? All of that is at risk. All of that is at risk because our entitlements keep growing out of control. No one is say-ing there is a fire on the way. It is growing, not diminishing, and you are not calling the fire department out to deal with this issue. Let me get to the essence of this re-cent issue here. Remember the Lifeline program? That is the program that provides people of lower means, per-haps some in rural areas, a lifeline so that they can call 911. There has been some documentation that some people can’t afford this. The President came along, and they call it the Obama Phone program now. It is advertised— I think it is a private advertisement, but it is a government-sponsored legis-lative program, and it is contracted out. Free cell phone—the government pays for your wireless service—free phone, free minutes, free enrollment, no payment ever. This well-intended program was to provide people a lifeline in case of an emergency—the ability to dial 9–1-1. This lifeline is important to low-in-come earners who couldn’t afford a phone. That program has some benefits and is something that maybe we ought to do, but we ought to put controls on it to make sure the program is not abused. Initially, this program helped low-in-come families pay for landline phone service, but landline, as you know, is out of date. I doubt if any of these pages even know what a landline is since they have grown up in the cell phone era. It happened just a few years after I came to the Senate. This pro-gram—like almost every other program the government sponsors—is well-in-tended but runs amok because of mis-management, misuse of the law, mis-interpretation, abuse, waste, and peo-ple taking advantage of it. Under the Obama administration, the cost and number of beneficiaries in this program have skyrocketed, and with this increase came a number of issues. The inspector general for the Federal Communications Commission, which is called the FCC, which administers this program that they contract out, did a study. They noted that prior to 2012, it was, as they said, ‘‘well known’’ that some individuals were receiving dupli-cative benefits or receiving benefits de-spite their eligibility for those bene-fits.’’ For instance, there was supposed to be one phone made available per home, one per family, if they couldn’t afford one. They found home addresses with dozens of phones and handing them out. There were posters like this that said: Get your free phone. People were grabbing them up as fast as they could. Word got out on the street that you can get a free phone line and the government will pay for it—yet an-other program the government is going to take care of. Well intended, yes, but there was a public outcry when stuff like this came out here. People said: What is the deal? I thought the phone was for emergency purposes. I thought we needed one per household to give them the opportunity to call 9–1-1 when needed, or if it was a single per-son—or a couple who needed a phone, maybe they should share it. The inspector general said that the one-per-household rule wasn’t working very well, and so the FCC apparently implemented a policy that basically said subscribers could override the eli-gibility for this because maybe these people need more than one cell phone. The IG has learned that abuse within this program is more widespread than anybody previously believed. First, the IG learned that, as I said, the FCC instructed employees to over-ride the computer system that pro-hibits more than one applicant per household. Second, the FCC—on the form that you have to send in—basically said: All the subscribers need to do is provide a check in the box that says the appli-cant is eligible. But multiple applica-tions came in from the same address, and no one asked, as the law required, applicants to provide any supporting documentation. The IG found that this override option was also enabling sub-scribers to use fake names and fake So-cial Security numbers to avoid detec-tion. How many times have I been down here talking about fake names, stolen IDs, and stolen Social Security numbers that were used to obtain Fed-eral benefits with no oversight? The IG noted that between October 2014 and April 2016, nearly 4.3 million 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.071 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5133 July 14, 2016 
people enrolled in the Lifeline Program by overriding the internal eligibility controls. That is more than 35 percent of all subscribers and accounts, and that rivals the population of the entire State of Oregon. These aren’t people who needed phones; these are people who overrode it so they he could get as many phones as they wanted. Obviously our Washington bureau-crats have not been good stewards of our taxpayer dollars. Sadly, this is not the end of the story. It is important to note that the IG is still in the process of reviewing these egregious actions to determine just how widespread the problem is. In the meantime, what I am calling for here on the Senate floor is that the FCC stop allowing people to enroll in the Lifeline Program through the over-ride process and to verify every single beneficiary so that we can weed out the bad actors. Whether you are in private business or the government, is that what you would expect? If you are sell-ing or distributing a product—and in this case, distributing a product based on taxpayer dollars—don’t you think you would want to, No. 1, adhere to the law, and No. 2, adhere to the regula-tions and not have some kind of arbi-trary override, especially when you have stuff like this on the street and people are gobbling up free service on cell phones by the millions? What is the total? The total we can project for unverified Obama Phone beneficiaries is $4.76 billion over the course of unverified Obama phone applicants. I am not here to say this program should be abolished. I understand why people need to have a phone in their household for an emergency purpose. If they qualify under the eligibility cri-teria, I am OK with that, but if they are abusing the program, I am not OK with that at all, and I guarantee that the American taxpayer is not willing to accept that. They did not send us here to stand by, as responsible U.S. Senators, and watch this kind of abuse go on and on and on, and this Senator has barely scratched the surface in an effort to document waste, fraught, and abuse. We now have $239-plus billion of doc-umented fraud, waste, and abuse by ac-countable government agencies, and it is totally unacceptable. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. 
IRAN 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, as we leave Washington for our sum-mer recess, we are also marking the 1- year anniversary of the signing of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, JCPOA, by the P5+1. A number of my colleagues have come to the floor to mark this occasion, led by our friend and colleague, Senator C
OONS of Dela-ware. This nuclear agreement provides profoundly important time to hold Iran accountable—time that is supremely valuable but only if we use it wisely. That lesson should animate the con-versation around the country, as well as in this Chamber, that time must be used wisely, energetically, and aggres-sively to make sure that we prevent a nuclear-armed Iran and also stop its funding and support for terrorist extre-mism. We must use the time provided for us by this agreement to confront Iran’s maligned activities beyond its nuclear program, to fortify the security of the United States and Israel, our major strategic partner in the region, and to ensure that we are working in close co-ordination with this all-important ally. We must make sure that our positions are aligned when they need to be, that there is no space, no daylight between Israel and the United States where we must and should be working together. We need to enhance strong enforce-ment of the JCPOA, our nuclear agree-ment, with the P5+1 to ensure that Iran is never able to break across the enrichment threshold to obtain a nu-clear weapon. The simple, stark fact is that we are at war with ISIS—whatever it is called; ISIL or by any other name—and we are in that war to win. We must win it. The fact is that we are succeeding, but ISIS is also enhancing its activity as it me-tastasizes with extremist violence sponsored, supported, and inspired around the world—in Europe, as well as in this country in San Bernardino and Orlando—where massacres are stated to be in alignment with and supported and inspired by ISIS, and where ISIS itself is claiming credit for those ac-tivities. In the Middle East, Iran continues to be a leading state sponsor of terrorism. Irrespective of the nuclear agreement, we must work together to find new ways to push back on Iran’s financing of terrorism. Just recently, the inter-national financial action task force made the alarming decision to suspend countermeasures against Iran for 12 months concerning its money-laun-dering and terrorist-finding activities. This action is truly appalling, as I have made clear in a letter that I wrote and led to our Treasury Secretary, Jack Lew, with seven of my Senate col-leagues urging him to address this dan-gerous decision to prevent any further attempts to reintegrate Iran into the international banking system as Iran has not eliminated its entrenched prac-tice of financing terrorism. Again, time is only as valuable as we make it. We must use the time we have under this agreement to separate Iran from its terror proxies, such as Hezbollah and the Assad regime. That is why I also support the Senate mov-ing to extend the Iran Sanctions Act. Now is the time to call Iran to ac-count for and identify and target the specific individuals and entities en-gaged in terrorist financing, human rights violations, and fueling the tragic Syrian conflict that has killed so many innocent people and separated so many from their homes, particularly children whom I have seen in one of the refugee camps in Jordan. Each year, as part of the current ten-ure or memorandum of understanding on the U.S. military assistance with Israel, we provide Israel with more than $3 billion in aid. As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I have been fighting to ensure that this year’s Defense bill will fund Israel’s missile defense programs and will continue to do so as we enter the conference with the House on the NDAA, which we will do shortly. Our goal has to be to reach the $601 million that has been author-ized. I am hopeful we will do so. I will fight to make sure that the conference committee report includes that num-ber. While I know these annual increases for missile programs are vital to our defense cooperation, we really need a long-term agreement to defend Israel against threats in an uncertain re-gional environment and to ensure its qualitative military edge over Iran or any other adversary. We need to use this time to renew a robust, decade-long memorandum of understanding on U.S. military assist-ance, or MOU, with Israel as soon as possible. I am hopeful that the MOU will be concluded as quickly as pos-sible. Indeed, last November Senator BENNET and I co-led a letter to the President concerning the need to renew this MOU, and I followed up in April with another letter by Senators C
OONS  and G
RAHAM , a bipartisan effort on the same issue. The MOU needs a historic increase in military aid. And one other point. I know that much of that assistance is used in the United States to make equipment, like the Joint Strike Fighter, whose engines are manufac-tured in Connecticut, but Israel should also retain some flexibility to use these funds to develop its own unique capabilities. The current MOU allows Israel to harness 26.3 percent of our se-curity assistance to purchase domestic Israeli equipment, and I urge the ad-ministration to work to maintain this goal in the next MOU. We must rely on American manufacturing and Amer-ican jobs where there is value added and whenever possible, but Israel has the same interest in its production ca-pacity and its defense industrial base, and both must be strong and aligned. As I look forward to the year coming and to the enforcement of the nuclear agreement, I believe we must, very frankly, do a better job of enforcement, as I am positive that Iran will test us and seek any advantage it can find. That is the stark, simple truth about that agreement. This administration and any Presi-dent who follows must harness the tools provided in the nuclear agree-ment to know what Iran is doing and bring transparency that will push back Iran’s breakout time and deter any failure of compliance. The IAEA must be fully funded, and we must have more inspectors on the ground to keep an eye on Iran’s facilities. The best agree-ment in the world is meaningless if it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.072 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5134 July 14, 2016 
is unenforced. I know that from my own background as a law enforcer for most of my professional career. The law is dead letter if it is not enforced effectively and aggressively, with the credibility that deters violation. As we move past the 1-year mark, the United States must strengthen enforce-ment actions against Iran. We must do everything possible to hold Iran ac-countable, and that action must in-clude passing the Iran Policy Oversight Act—legislation led by my distin-guished colleague Senator C
ARDIN , the ranking member of the Foreign Rela-tions Committee, and I am an original cosponsor of it and helped to draft and lead it. It will strengthen and improve the nuclear agreement—in no way con-tradicting or undermining it—by pro-viding vital oversight and vigorous en-forcement to prevent a nuclear-armed Iran. It addresses three preeminent prior-ities—steps that are well within Congress’s power, its proper authority, and its control. First, it enshrines in our law that our policy on deterrence remains in effect and that all options, including military options, remain on the table. Second, this bill reaffirms our dedication to countering Iranian terrorism, as well as Iranian human rights violations and its regional influ-ence that may perniciously undermine the stability of the area by providing a regional strategy and strong sanctions. Third, the bill empowers our allies—es-pecially Israel, our key strategic part-ner in the Middle East—to counter Iran and its terror proxies by authorizing the President to provide Israel with ad-ditional military aid, intelligence co-operation, and missile defense codevel-opment. This nuclear agreement, the JCPOA, provides us time. It is valuable time if we use it to stop a nuclear Iran, but it is only as valuable as we make it. That fact bears repeating, as I have repeated it again and again. The time must be used to support Israel with a historic increase of military aid and push for strong enforcement of this agreement to set back the clock on Iran’s appar-ently ceaseless nuclear ambition. I look forward to working with my Senate colleagues and the administra-tion on these issues in the time to come. My hope is that this effort will continue to be, as it has been very ear-nestly, a bipartisan effort. We can never allow partisan differences to come between us on this issue. There should be no space between us across the aisle, and there should be none be-tween Israel and the United States in seeking to stop a nuclear-armed Iran, seeking to halt its sponsorship of ter-rorism that endangers us both as na-tions seeking to advance common in-terests where we have them and where our vital national strategic goals align. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. HONORING SENIOR CORPORAL LORNE AHRENS  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I wanted to speak for just a few mo-ments this afternoon about how the tragedy in Dallas touched many in Alaska, particularly the bedroom com-munity of Eagle River, AK, just out-side of Anchorage. Among the five law enforcement heroes who were murdered last Thursday was Senior Corporal Lorne Ahrens of the Dallas Police De-partment. His father, William, and his stepmother, Sue, live in Eagle River. Last Friday morning Bill and Sue be-came members of a very exclusive fra-ternity that no law enforcement family ever wishes to join, and that is the fra-ternity of families who have lost an of-ficer in the line of duty. Lorne never lived in Alaska. He did visit on several occasions. He grew up in Southern California. He served with the L.A. County Sheriff’s Department and then with the Dallas Police De-partment. But if you read the accounts of the articles in the Alaska papers— not only in the Alaska Dispatch News over the weekend but in the Juneau Empire yesterday—the accounts of Lorne and his story and his connection with Alaska, one would have assumed that he was one of ours, that he was an Alaskan. I think it just spoke to the loss, and the tragedy we all saw last Thursday reminded us that we are truly one community in so many ways. Bill and Sue Ahrens attend the An-chorage Baptist Temple. When they heard the news that Bill’s son had been killed in Dallas, this church commu-nity truly opened their arms and they opened their hearts to support the fam-ily not only over that difficult weekend but really to provide them what any church community would do, what any broader community would do—to pro-vide them that support. One can cer-tainly understand that the grief is al-most inconsolable. Lorne Ahrens was a huge guy, if you follow the descriptions in the paper, a big guy, a former semi-pro football player. He was a smart cop with a big heart, is what they said. His stature made people feel that he was almost in-vincible. But as much as we might not want to believe it, our law enforcement heroes are not invincible. They put on the badge in the morning, they kiss their wives and their kids, and then they enter a world that is entirely un-predictable and, unfortunately, in-creasingly dangerous. Lorne’s wife Katrina is a detective with the Dallas Police Department. She understands this problem more than most, but, really, how do you ex-plain it to your children—in this case, their children, Sorcha, who is just 10 years old, and their son Magnus, age 8. Fortunately, Katrina, Magnus, Sorcha, Bill, and Sue will not be alone. The law enforcement community closes ranks to support survivors and their children at the local and the na-tional levels. There is a wonderful or-ganization known as Concerns of Police Survivors that comes in and enters the family’s lives. It doesn’t make every-thing all right, but hopefully it will help. The National Law Enforcement Offi-cers Memorial Fund will work with the Dallas Police Department and the fam-ily to honor Lorne’s memory in per-petuity just a few blocks away from here on Judiciary Square. Since coming to the Senate, I have actually grown pretty close to the folks who maintain the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. I have gone to the candlelight vigils during National Police Week, and I have read the names of fallen officers from the State of Alaska. My staff has decorated the memorial with commemorative items that were sent by departments and family members who could not make it to Washington for the candle-light vigil. We have sent pencil etch-ings back to the Alaskan families and to the departments. I have driven down to Alexandria to meet with the fami-lies of the fallen at the annual Con-cerns of Police Survivors Conference. Their cause is my cause. This has be-come quite personal to me. Next May, the name of Lorne Ahrens will be inscribed on the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial, and I am pretty certain that Bill and Sue will be invited to travel to Washington to participate in the observance, and I hope to welcome them here on Capitol Hill, along with Katrina, Sorcha, and Magnus. Communities throughout the Nation are grieving the loss of Lorne Ahrens as well as his four colleagues from the Dallas Police Department this week. It becomes even more personal to the communities with which they are connected, where they lived, where they called home—in Lorne’s case, his home community of Burleson, TX, the city of Dallas, Los Angeles County, CA, and, yes, in faraway smaller places like Eagle River in Alaska. As we recognize Senior Corporal Lorne Ahrens, know that the people of Alaska stand with the Ahrens family at this very difficult time and through-out their lives because he truly was one of ours. 
BREE ’S LAW  
Mr. President, I would like to bring up a matter that oftentimes people would just assume not have a discus-sion about; that is, abusive relation-ships that unfortunately we see with young people and teenagers. All across this country, teenagers and young adults are victims of abuse in their re-lationships. There is no part of the country where we don’t see this. Ac-cording to some research, more than 1 million high school boys and girls admit to being physically abused by their boyfriend or girlfriend. One in three teens will be in an abusive or unhealthy relationship that includes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.074 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5135 July 14, 2016 
sexual, physical, verbal, or emotional abuse. One in three teens reports know-ing friends who were abused, but most don’t know how to intervene. Only one- third of the teens reported their experi-ences to anyone, not even their par-ents. We are not just talking about those who are 18 years old. Nearly two-thirds of young people between the ages of 11 and 14 who have been in a relationship have been verbally abused by people who are supposed to care for them. One in three teenagers has been hit, punched, slapped, kicked, or choked by someone who is supposed to care about them. Research also tells us that teens who are abused in dating relationships are more likely to succumb to post-trau-matic stress disorder, alcoholism, eat-ing disorders, suicidal thoughts, and even violent behavior. Yet, over 80 per-cent of parents don’t know that teen dating violence is an issue that affects young people from all backgrounds, all parts of the country, and children who are not even old enough yet to be called a teenager. It is often much harder for teens to leave an abusive re-lationship than for adults because they often don’t know how they can access resources or that resources exist at all. As a parent, this is hard for me. I think it is hard for all parents. We try to do everything we possibly can to keep our children safe as they are growing up. We make sure we buckle the seatbelt when they are little kids. We put them in the infant seat. We teach them how to safely cross the street. We make them wear bike hel-mets, and we teach them about strang-er danger. But, again, one in two teens somehow or another ends up in an abu-sive relationship. Statistics are one thing, but the ex-periences of real Americans inform our work in the Senate every day, far more than just the mere numbers of statis-tics. Today I would like to tell you about a beautiful young woman who has inspired a bill I have introduced. This is a young woman by the name of Breanna Richelle Moore. Breanna went by the name of Bree. Bree was a strong, engaging, happy, accomplished young woman. She ex-celled in all kinds of sports—in swim-ming, track and field, volleyball, and many other sports. Her school offered a Japanese immersion program, so at the age of 5, she started to learn to read and write and speak Japanese. She was an accomplished flute player. She sang beautifully at many public events across the city of Anchorage. She was really the quintessential Alaskan woman. In addition to her athletics and her artistic talents, the girl could hunt, she could fish, ride a dirt bike and snow machine better than most boys, and when they broke down, she could even fix them. She did well in school. She volunteered to nurse sick, aban-doned, and dying pets. She worked her way up from being a dental hygienist assistant to the dentist’s assistant, and she was about to change her major in college to pre-med. She was motivated, funny, and she was happy. Everywhere she went, her friends would say Bree ‘‘saw the good in everyone, spreading happiness wherever she went, and had the gift to make everyone else a better person.’’ But Bree was also in an abusive rela-tionship. On June 26, 2014, her boy-friend shot and killed her. She was 20 years old. That same year, Alaska was ranked No. 1 in the Nation for the rate of women murdered by men—over twice the national average. This is not a statistic in Alaska we are proud of. After her death, three of Bree’s co-workers said they knew she was being abused. She came to work a couple times with a black eye. They also said: We didn’t know what to do or whom to call—if there was just something we could have done. They and Bree’s par-ents will be forever haunted by the knowledge that they did not under-stand or act on the signs of dating abuse and violence that took this mar-velous young woman’s life. In the 2 years since Bree’s death, her parents have learned Bree’s relation-ship with her boyfriend was an abso-lute textbook case of dating violence, but those closest to her didn’t know what was happening or, if they did know, if they had the sneaking sus-picion, they just didn’t know what to do about it. Bree Moore was a young woman who was destined to make a difference, and while her life was tragically cut short, she continues to make a difference. Bree continues to make a difference. Last year, the Alaska Legislature passed a provision in law entitled ‘‘Bree’s Law.’’ It mandates that every school across Alaska teach dating vio-lence and abuse awareness and preven-tion in grades 7 through 12. The bill was controversial. I recognize that. Many wondered how school districts would pay for adopting the curriculum and providing the courses, but they made it through the controversy and that bill passed and is now signed into law. In December of last year in Wash-ington, DC, the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act was enacted. A provision within that law allows schools to use their Safe and Healthy Students fund-ing to ‘‘improve instructional practices for developing relationship-building skills, such as effective communica-tion, and improve safety through the recognition and prevention of coercion, violence, or abuse, including teen and dating violence, stalking, domestic abuse, and sexual violence and harass-ment.’’ I have come to the floor to honor a young woman from Alaska. I come to the floor to speak about the legislation I have introduced that would rename that provision within the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Law after Bree Moore. My bill would allow, not require, schools, parents, teens, everyone to call this provision of Federal law Bree’s Law, and the programs and ac-tivities funded by it Bree’s Law pro-grams and Bree’s Law activities. Bree Moore was a young woman who every father and mother, every sister and brother, every friend, and every employer could be proud of. She was bright, funny, and she was motivated to help the less fortunate. She was ac-complished. She was devoted. It is fitting that those who loved and respected Bree should see her life hon-ored in this way. It is right that the U.S. Congress honor her in this way, and by doing so, make a further com-mitment to protecting young women and men from dating abuse and vio-lence in the years to come. It is fitting to know that as the young people of Alaska learn how to recognize, prevent, avoid, and act on dating violence, that they remember and honor Bree Moore and that they learn from her, that all the good Bree represents goes on to inspire and help future generations. Like Amber Hagerman, who was the 9-year-old abducted and murdered in 1996, for whom the Amber Alert System is named, it is fitting that young peo-ple across the country have the oppor-tunity to know that the U.S. Congress believes so strongly in their future that they would take this opportunity to name a provision of Federal law after Bree Moore. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO KIM CARTER  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I would like to recognize Kim Carter of Hot Springs as this week’s Arkansan of the Week, for her commitment to ensuring Arkansas’ children have the love and support they deserve. Kim is a foster parent in Hot Springs, and with her family has spent over a decade helping nearly three dozen children, but her support for Arkansas’ children does not end there. Kim is also the director of Camp Tanako in Hot Springs, a local church camp. Under her leadership and direction, Kim has helped the camp expand its reach tremendously. Each year, dozens of area children are able to participate in Camp Tanako’s various summer pro-grams. Recently, Kim also started a day camp for local children to attend in the summer, which has also been a huge success. For those who know her, Kim is known as Momma Kim, and hearing their stories, it is not hard to see why. According to her friends and neighbors, Kim’s impact on children cannot be overstated. Whether it is her own chil-dren, one of her many foster children, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.076 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5136 July 14, 2016 
friends of her own children, or campers and camp staff, everyone seems to have a story about Kim. Kim’s dedication to Arkansas’ chil-dren is inspiring, and her compas-sionate spirit is a living example of the close-knit and caring community we have across our great State. I am pleased to recognize Kim Carter as this week’s Arkansan of the Week and join all Arkansans in thanking her for com-mitting her life to making the lives of children in Arkansas brighter. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. It looks as though we are here at the end of the day. The State of Alaska is well represented. I appreciate that. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 1915 
Mr. President, I understand that there is a bill that Senators A
YOTTE , B
OOKER , and others have worked on to ensure that first responders are equipped to deal with anthrax threats. It is my understanding that this bill was cleared early on both sides of the aisle because of the hard work of Sen-ators A
YOTTE and B OOKER . I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate con-sideration of Calendar No. 458, S. 1915. I further ask that the committee-re-ported substitute amendment be with-drawn, the Ayotte substitute amend-ment be agreed to, the bill, as amend-ed, be read a third time and passed, the title amendment be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, we would be happy to pass this bill as soon as the Republicans schedule and pass a bill to close the terror gun loophole. In that I don’t see that is going to happen in the next little bit, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEBT LEGISLATION Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, the total outstanding Federal debt has risen by more than $8.7 trillion during Presi-dent Obama’s tenure, to almost $19.4 trillion today. That is the highest level of Federal debt in U.S. history and, relative to the size of the economy, is at a level not seen since the years surrounding World War II. Such debt levels pose signifi-cant risks to financial stability and the economy, as the nonpartisan Congres-sional Budget Office has repeatedly made clear for many years now. Unfortunately, President Obama’s failure to address the debt leaves those risks in place and leaves a legacy of burden on future generations, who will be saddled with almost twice as much Federal debt today than when the President took office. According to CBO projections, Fed-eral deficits and debt are on an upward trajectory. As we all know, the main drivers of our debt are entitlement pro-grams that are, at this point, essen-tially on autopilot. As the Nation confronts its astro-nomical debt, it is imperative that those charged with managing the debt do so with transparency and account-ability. I am sure that all of my col-leagues agree that, if we are going to saddle future workers with outsized debt, then, at the very least, Congress and the American people are entitled to know how debt management deci-sions are made. That, of course, requires the coopera-tion of the U.S. Treasury Department, as well as its fiscal agents at the Fed-eral Reserve. As our debt has exploded, the Federal Reserve has simulta-neously ballooned its balance sheet, in part by increasing its holdings of U.S. debt securities by nearly $2 trillion since President Obama took office. Like it or not, what the Fed does with its debt purchases and holdings carries many implications for the Treasury debt market. At the same time, both Treasury and the Fed have been unacceptably opaque regarding federal debt management practices, cash management, and con-tingency planning. This has been a pat-tern that has repeated itself over and over under the Obama administration. When we have approached the Fed-eral debt limit, the Obama Treasury has repeatedly withheld vital informa-tion. When the U.S. sovereign credit rating was downgraded for the very first time in 2011, Treasury, the Fed, and other fi-nancial regulators withheld vital infor-mation. When members of Congress have asked Treasury, the Fed, and other agencies for contingency plans for dealing with any kind of default result-ing from any number of causes, they have withheld vital information. When members of Congress have sim-ply needed to know the amount of the Federal Government’s operating cash balance—which is managed by Treas-ury—the Obama administration has withheld that vital information. For years now, since at least 2011, I have, as either the Chairman or Rank-ing Member of the Senate committee with oversight jurisdiction over the management of our debt, repeatedly re-quested basic information about our Nation’s finances and, at almost every turn, have been stonewalled. Often, the stonewalling has come with the excuse that the information I have been seek-ing is ‘‘market sensitive,’’ an ironic designation given that much of the in-formation I and others have been seek-ing has been shared with large finan-cial institutions—actual participants in the markets. Let me get a little more specific. Beginning almost exactly five years ago—in July of 2011—I began asking the administration for information re-garding contingency plans formulated by Treasury, the Fed, and other agen-cies that would outline what they would do in the event of delayed pay-ments, a default, or a credit-rating downgrade. I made my initial request in the weeks surrounding the debate over the debt limit in 2011 when there was clear evidence that various agencies had for-mulated these kind of contingency plans. In addition, I asked questions about how much cash was in the till at Treasury, and how much they were pro-jecting would be available in future days and weeks. Rather than giving a full and fair ac-counting to Congress and the American people, the administration withheld this vital information and, instead, opted to engage in a political battle over the statutory debt limit, appar-ently believing that their position in that debate would be strengthened if lawmakers and their constituents were unaware of the fiscal state of the coun-try or what plans were in place. Before anyone jumps to the conclu-sion that my inquiries were politically motivated and that I was trying to strengthen the hand of congressional Republicans in debt-limit debates, let me be clear: my requests for contin-gency plans were not and have not been limited to debt limit impasses. Instead, I have sought to find out what Treasury and others would do if timely payments could not be made for any reason. Delayed payments could occur under a variety of circumstances, not only in the event of a debt-limit impasse. A cyberattack, a terrorist attack, a pro-longed power outage in financial cen-ters, or a natural disaster could all re-sult in delayed payments. While any such event would surely be cata-strophic, they are all within the realm of possibility. Quite frankly, it would be imprudent risk management and, really, fiscal malpractice to not plan for those types of contingencies. Indeed, we know that agencies in the Federal Government have made such plans, in consultation with representa-tives of large financial institutions— or, as my friends on the other side would say: Wall Street. We know they have developed these plans because investigations and sub-poenas issued by the House Financial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.078 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5137 July 14, 2016 
Services Committee have made clear that Treasury, the Fed, and Wall Street are routinely engaged in contin-gency planning and have been doing so for the entire time I have been submit-ting my inquiries. Frankly, if no contingency plans ex-isted, the American people would have ample cause to be concerned—if not completely outraged—at the reckless-ness of our debt managers. Given that we know these plans exist, however, they should be similarly outraged and concerned with the fact that the ad-ministration refuses to share any rel-evant information about the plans. Rather than reveal pertinent infor-mation to Congress and the American people, Treasury and the Fed have con-tinually insisted on keeping the plans secret, usually refusing to acknowledge they even exist. I have received the same basic re-sponse to all of my inquiries. To para-phrase, I have been told that we should never default on our debt because of the debt limit and that Congress has an obligation to make sure the debt-limit is always raised, without discussion, in order to prevent such a default. However, once again, delayed pay-ments could result in a variety of sce-narios, and a debt-limit impasse is just one of them. The reason for this lack of trans-parency is simple: Leaders in the Obama administration clearly believe that their political position in a debate over a debt-limit increase will be stronger if the American public be-lieves that they don’t have any plans for dealing with delayed payments or a default. This secrecy with regard to such a se-rious matter of public interest is sim-ply absurd, bordering on embarrassing, and the American people deserve bet-ter. Enough is enough. Yesterday, I sent letters to the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve, once again asking for more in-formation about how the country’s debt and cash-balance information is being handled. In addition, I introduced a bill titled The Debt Management and Fiscal Re-sponsibility Act. This is a nonpartisan bill, and I wel-come members from both sides of the aisle to sign on as cosponsors. The aim of the bill is simple: to provide greater accountability on the nation’s debt, contingency planning for debt disrup-tions, and a more certain debt limit process. Specifically, the bill takes the exist-ing, opaque, and chaotic process fol-lowed by Treasury and others as they manage the Federal debt, and replaces it with a transparent, consistent, and constructive process. It requires great-er information sharing between federal regulators and Congress with regard to the debt, along with more administra-tive accountability for debt manage-ment practices. In addition, the legis-lation provides a more orderly and in-formed process for dealing with periods during which our debt approaches the statutory limit. The bill also establishes a require-ment that the Treasury Secretary re-port to and appear before Congress whenever a statutory debt limit is im-pending, to work and communicate with Congress in order to responsibly address the debt, and to make Treas-ury’s information on the debt readily available to the public in a single on-line repository. If enacted, this legislation will bring Treasury, Congress, and the American people together on equal informational footing to ensure that Federal debt and fiscal management occurs in the open, where everyone shares the same infor-mation. After all, if, as we have repeatedly been told by Secretary Lew, Treasury has ‘‘the best information’’ when it comes to the state of our debt, then policymakers outside the Executive Branch, as well as the American peo-ple, should have access to that same in-formation. Once again, our current debt of near-ly $19.4 trillion is outsized in absolute terms and relative to the size of our economy. It is a threat to our govern-ment, our financial system, and our economy. I don’t know anyone without a polit-ical ax to grind who believes dif-ferently. We cannot continue to roll the dice with the future of our children and grandchildren. One of the first steps we can take to-ward fiscal sustainability is greater transparency and accountability from those in the Federal Government that we have assigned to be agents of the American people for management of our fiscal affairs. The Debt Management and Fiscal Re-sponsibility Act enables that account-ability and transparency, and will help put an end to the politicization of debt management and to the ongoing prac-tice of selective disclosure of vital debt information. Put simply, it will give Congress and the American people a clear-eyed ac-count of the debt so that we can focus on returning public finances to a more solid long-term path. I hope all of my colleagues will sup-port this important legislation. 
f 
SULLIVAN MOTION TO INSTRUCT NDAA CONFEREES Mr. REID. Mr. President, today I sup-ported the junior Senator from Alas-ka’s motion to instruct the National Defense Authorization Act conferees. The motion is generally consistent with the administration’s force struc-ture proposals for Afghanistan, Europe, the Pacific, and the Middle East. It also is consistent with last year’s bi-partisan budget agreement. The mo-tion does not appropriate additional funding above the agreed upon spend-ing caps, nor does it violate the parity principle on which that agreement was based, which ensures that the middle class will be treated at least as fairly as the Pentagon. President Obama and congressional Democrats remain com-mitted to that principle, and we will continue to insist that Republicans keep their promises and honor our agreement. f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF CAESARS PALACE LAS VEGAS HOTEL AND CASINO Mr. REID. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 50th anniversary of Caesars Palace Las Vegas Hotel and Casino. Since it opened its doors on August 5, 1966, Caesars Palace has been a Las Vegas icon. Conceived by builder, de-signer, and hotel operator Jay Sarno, Caesars opened as an opulent 680-room Roman-themed fantasyland. Today Caesars Palace remains one of the world’s most prestigious resorts. It is home to 14 restaurants, 3,980 rooms, 6 towers, a convention facility, and 630 suites and villas. Filled with statues, columns, and ico-nography typical of Hollywood Roman period productions, Caesars Palace pio-neered a new era of lavish casinos and resorts. It opened with a 3-day gala that included a stage production of ‘‘Rome Swings,’’ starring Andy Wil-liams and 1,400 guests. On December 31, 1967, the hotel and casino gained world-wide recognition when it served as the backdrop for Daredevil Evel Knievel’s infamous attempt to jump over the iconic Caesars fountains. His son, Robbie Knievel, would later success-fully clear the fountains on April 14, 1989. Throughout the last five decades, Caesars Palace has remained a leader in the entertainment industry, bring-ing the biggest names in music, celeb-rity chefs, luxury accommodations, premier shopping and gaming, and top sporting events to the heart of the Las Vegas Strip. I love the sport of boxing, and I am proud that, in the late 1970s, Caesars Palace emerged as the premier venue for world championship boxing matches. It was the host for legendary matches between Hall of Famers: Thomas Hearns, Sugar Ray Leonard, Marvin Hagler, Larry Holmes, Evander Holyfield, Julio Cesar Chavez, Oscar De La Hoya, and ‘‘the Greatest of All Time,’’ Muhammad Ali. Caesars Palace was instrumental in turning Las Vegas into the ‘‘Boxing Capital of the World.’’ In fact, one of my most prized posses-sions is a signed photograph of the great Joe Louis, who was hired by Caesars later in his life as a casino host and greeter and whose marble statue still sits inside the casino. Throughout the past 50 years, many of our world’s top performers have graced the stages of Caesars Palace, in-cluding Tony Bennett, Jerry Lewis, Liberace, and Diana Ross. Headliners such as Celine Dion, Shania Twain, Rod Stewart, Bette, Midler, Cher, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:41 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.093 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5138 July 14, 2016 
Mariah Carey, and Sir Elton John have held residency performances at the 4,300-seat colosseum. The hotel and ca-sino also provided the backdrop to blockbuster movies. I commend Caesars Palace for 50 years of exceptional service to the Las Vegas Strip. Caesars Palace has con-tinuously evolved throughout the past five decades to remain a leader on the world famous Las Vegas Strip, and I wish them continued success for years to come. 
f 
DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS BILL Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the Sen-ate held another vote on moving to the Defense appropriations bill. This bill was reported from committee by a 30 to nothing vote, and it shows what can be accomplished if we work in a bipar-tisan manner. Unfortunately, the Sen-ate majority has taken a turn away from bipartisanship since the bill was drafted. I will speak more about my concerns with this move toward division and di-visiveness in a moment. But first let me commend the chairman of the De-fense Appropriations Subcommittee, Senator C
OCHRAN , for his leadership in producing this bill. He has been open to my proposals, and has also made a cou-rageous stand against attempting to relitigate the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. Among the highlights of the bill in-clude investments that strengthen our technology advantage, restore the readiness of the Armed Forces, and sta-bilize our defense industrial base. Most importantly, this bill makes a strong statement in favor of defense medical research. It adds $915 million in addition to the budget request for investigations into new drugs and therapies that could lead to break-throughs in the treatment of diseases ranging from breast cancer, traumatic brain injury, Alzheimer’s, prosthetics, and many other fields. This is an in-crease of 5 percent real growth com-pared to last year’s bill. The funding in this bill is small com-pared to the investments at the Na-tional Institutes of Health, but the re-sults of defense medical research have touched the lives of countless numbers of servicemembers, their families, and have even spread into the civilian med-ical community. This funding makes a big impact in people’s lives, and I am proud that our commitment to this re-search continues to grow each year. The bill also recognizes the threat posed by ISIS. It fully funds the over-seas contingency operations account to provide what our servicemembers need in Afghanistan, Iraq, and elsewhere in harm’s way. In this way, we disagree strongly with our House counterparts. The House bill provides only a portion of the funds necessary. We believe on a bi-partisan basis that there should be no arbitrary cut-off date of funding for this Nation’s fight against terrorism. The U.S. and our allies are working to defeat ISIS on the ground in Iraq and Syria, and dismantle their inter-national terror network. There is real progress on the ground. The President has built a coalition of 66 nations to fight ISIS. The terrorist group has al-most half its territory in Iraq, and 20 percent of its territory in Syria. It has lost access to key sources of funds for its activities. The U.S. and its allies have killed tens of thousands of their fighters, as well as over 100 ISIS lead-ers. This bill provides $43.3 billion for DOD to fight Al Qaeda, the Taliban, and ISIS, including $1.78 billion to con-tinue this progress against ISIS by building the capacity of allies in Iraq, Syria, and the broader region. We also must continue to prevent terrorism here at home through stronger homeland defenses and work with our allies to strengthen theirs— intelligence sharing and all the rest. We have to have the entire Federal Government in this fight, from the De-partment of Homeland Security to the FBI, from the State Department to the Treasury Department. It cannot be DOD’s fight alone. People may be asking, since the De-fense appropriations bill was approved by a committee vote of 30 to zero in May, why isn’t the bill receiving a similar bipartisan vote in July? To find the answer, one need look no further than how the Republican majority has handled funding to combat the Zika virus. On May 19, the Senate voted over-whelmingly, 68–30, to pass a $1.1 billion package to respond to the threat of Zika. But in conference, a deal was cut without Democrats at the table that completely undermined the com-promise proposal that was supported by the Senate. There are only two explanations for how a bipartisan deal turned out so badly: maybe the negotiators on behalf of the Senate majority did not do a good job of representing the Senate’s position. Or this was a case of legisla-tive rope-a-dope, in which there was never an intention to follow through on a bipartisan compromise. That brings us to the Defense appro-priations bill. After the Senate caved once to unreasonable House proposals on the Zika bill, Democrats have sought assurances that we will have fair outcomes to negotiating other ap-propriations bills. That simply means that Democrats should be at the table for conference negotiations, that these budget bills will have fair spending levels, and we avoid poison pills inserted by the House, such as cutting off funding for the fight against ISIL after just 6 months. Sadly, the Republican majority has bristled at the idea of giving assur-ances that the fair process used in the Appropriations Committee to produce these budget bills will be allowed to continue. Last year, when Republicans pro-duced one-sided appropriations bills, Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter called these ploys a ‘‘road to nowhere.’’ Absent a commitment by the Repub-lican leadership to continue in a spirit of bipartisanship and compromise, it seems they have chosen once again to walk down that same road that leads to gridlock and stalemate. It is disappointing and disheartening that an appropriations process that began on such a good note has taken a turn for the worse. The Defense appropriations bill is a good bill. Democrats are simply seek-ing assurances from the Republican Leadership that the same spirt of com-promise and bipartisanship that helped draft the bill will be restored after faith was broken with a one-sided, divi-sive approach to responding to the Zika virus. I regret that the Republican leader-ship cannot give those assurances and therefore are putting an end to appro-priations work this summer. It is my sincere hope that, after the election, both Democrats and Repub-licans can return to working in good faith to produce a budget bill that in-cludes this very good defense bill, as well as the 11 other appropriations bills that need to be passed before the year is done. 
f 
IRAN Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this month marks the 1-year anniversary of the nuclear deal reached between a number of world powers and Iran. Let’s take a moment to step back and recall where we were when Presi-dent Obama took office. Our intelligence community assessed that until 2003, Iran was working to-ward a nuclear bomb. The reckless war in Iraq further em-powered Iran. The country’s hardliners moved forward at great speed building suspicious nuclear infrastructure. These efforts produced large and unset-tling quantities of highly enriched ura-nium that could have been used for a nuclear weapon. Such a weapon in the hands of the Iranian regime would have been an un-acceptable risk to the region, to Israel, and to the world. This is the mess President Obama in-herited when he came to office; yet he pledged that Iran would not obtain a nuclear bomb on his watch. And that is exactly what he did. He negotiated a comprehensive deal in which Iran pledged to the world not to build a nuclear bomb and agreed to stringent inspections and terms to en-sure that Iran keeps that pledge. And this historic agreement was ac-complished without drawing the United States into another war in the Middle East. You see, despite all the naysayers and efforts to undermine this deal—in-cluding an unprecedented letter signed by most in the majority party to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:10 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.092 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5139 July 14, 2016 
hardline Iranian Supreme Leader that aimed to undermine our own Presi-dent’s efforts to negotiate a deal—the agreement is working. As the International Atomic Energy Agency has documented, Iran has shipped more than 8.5 tons, or 98 per-cent of its stockpile, of enriched ura-nium to Russia—enriched uranium that no longer poses a threat for use in a nuclear weapon; disabled more than 12,000 centrifuges used to enrich ura-nium; poured concrete into the core of a reactor at Arak designed to produce plutonium which can also be used to produce a nuclear weapon; removed all nuclear material from its once-secret nuclear facility at Fordow; and allowed comprehensive ongoing inspection by the IAEA to make sure Iran doesn’t cheat. So, instead of a runaway effort to create the fuel and infrastructure need-ed to build a nuclear bomb within a few months, Iran’s ability to build a nu-clear weapon is dramatically disabled. Its breakout time is at least a year— and any effort to do so would almost certainly be caught quickly by the international community. And equally important, a breach would make any military action against Iran that much easier for those in the international community to get behind. As President Obama said earlier this year, the deal effectively ‘‘cut off every single path Iran could have used to build a bomb.’’ In fact, former Israeli Defense Min-ister Moshe Ya’alon under Prime Min-ister Netanyahu and harsh critic of di-plomacy with Iran recently said that Iran’s nuclear program, ‘‘has been fro-zen in light of the deal signed by the world powers and does not constitute an immediate, existential threat for Israel.’’ When the nuclear deal was reached last year, I came early to the floor to announce my strong support for this agreement. I noted that strong countries nego-tiate with their adversaries and have done so for generations, regardless of who was in the White House at the time, and agreements reached from talking with our enemies have had tre-mendous benefits to our national secu-rity. The deal with Iran is no different. Now, I know opponents of the deal, who have spent much of the last year looking for ways to undermine it de-spite its success, will justify further such efforts by saying Iran’s other be-havior is problematic. Well, it is. It was before the nuclear agreement, and it continues to be, whether in Syria or Gaza or Yemen. Iran continues to repress its own citi-zens internally, brazenly trying to keep reformers off Iranian election bal-lots and locking up those who peace-fully urge greater freedoms. But it does those actions without a nuclear weapon. You see, just as President Kennedy negotiated with the Soviets when they were threatening possible nuclear war with missiles in Cuba or just as Presi-dent Nixon began to establish ties with China while it was supplying weapons to the North Koreans who were fight-ing American soldiers or just as Presi-dent Reagan negotiated with the So-viet Union even though it was occu-pying Eastern Europe and fomenting violent revolutions around the world, there are times when such agreements serve our national interests and make the world a somewhat safer place. This deal with Iran was never about all its genuinely troubling behavior in the region. It was about ending Iran’s ability to rapidly or easily make a nu-clear bomb. And that is what it did. I fully support ongoing efforts to ad-dress Iran’s ballistic missile program, to halt its support for extremist groups in the region, to forcefully push back on its threats to Israel and other allies in the region. But these efforts shouldn’t be straw men to undermine the nuclear agree-ment. And addressing these issues will be far easier without Iran having a nu-clear umbrella. There have been so many decades of mistrust between the United States and Iran. I myself cannot forget what happened in 1979 when our embassy was seized and more than 60 Americans were held hostage for 444 days. There were mock executions and other inhumane acts. Anyone who is familiar with this story knows the pain these people and their families suffered. And no one can forget the horrible threats made by some Iranian leaders against the Israeli people or denials of the Holocaust. Israel has genuine security concerns about Iran. So do I. But at the end of the day, I believe this agreement is the best way to take one of those concerns—an Iranian nu-clear bomb—off the table. It won’t change Iranian behavior overnight, but in the long term, it also has the potential to empower the Ira-nian moderates—those who want a more open and internationally re-spected country. So I want to thank this President and so many of my colleagues here in the Senate who defended this agree-ment. Quite simply, the dismantling of the Iranian nuclear threat is a remark-able historical achievement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHRISTINA MULKA Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today, I want to say a few words about one of my most loyal and reliable aides, Christina Mulka. For nearly a decade, Christina worked in my office, most notably as press secretary and deputy communications director. Later this month, Christina will be moving to De-troit. To say we are going to miss her would be a gross understatement. If you ask my staff, they will tell you they don’t refer to their friend and col-league by her first name. Everyone calls her ‘‘Mulka.’’ There are a lot of Christinas on Capitol Hill, but only one Mulka. Like many bright young people in Washington, DC, Christina began her career as an intern. In the spring of 2006, I got a call from former Massa-chusetts Governor and Democratic Presidential candidate—turned college professor—Michael Dukakis. He told me about a student named Christina Mulka at Northeastern University who needed a 6-month internship as part of her co-op program. Internships in my office are never 6 months, but he in-sisted I give her a chance; and he told me if I did, I wouldn’t regret it. Well, 10 years later, he was right. Not long after Christina’s internship ended, I had an opening in my office for a press secretary. Christina was back at Northeastern settling into life as a student. Now, just as internships in my office are never 6 months, press secre-taries in my office almost always have a college degree. But just as we did be-fore, we made an exception for Chris-tina—and I hired her before she grad-uated. She moved back to Washington, DC, and completed her degree while earning a paycheck from the U.S. Sen-ate. It was the second time I made an exception for Christina Mulka. And let me tell you, she didn’t disappoint. For years, Christina served as my on- the-record spokesperson for Illinois media inquiries. Simply put, she had an extraordinary knack for dealing with Illinois reporters. Whenever I wrote an editorial, I could always count on Christina to work diligently to find a newspaper to print it. As many Senate press staffers will tell you, this is no small task. Despite working in Washington, DC, she main-tained close connections with Illinois reporters. Every reporter and news out-let felt valued and in the loop because Christina valued everyone. That is who she is. She treated them all the same, big or small. Whether it was Chicago or Springfield, Quincy or Belleville, Carbondale or Mattoon, she truly cared that news outlets throughout Illinois were informed about what was hap-pening in Washington, DC. Christina worked well with my policy staff to understand the issues. She was always well prepared to promote my priorities, agenda, and ideas to help the people of Illinois. I had such confidence in her that, over time, her portfolio ex-panded to include many issues that I would list as my top priorities, includ-ing tobacco, dietary supplements, for- profit colleges, and the Marketplace Fairness Act. Let me tell you a story about one of my first memories of Christina. She was staffing me during a round of Illi-nois TV interviews here in Washington, DC. Opening Day was right around the corner, and a lot of questions were about baseball, specifically the Chicago Cubs. When the interviews were over, she turned to me and apologized for not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:41 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.108 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5140 July 14, 2016 
prepping me better on the Chicago White Sox. I didn’t know it at the time, but Christina is a White Sox fa-natic. And during the interviews, she wanted me to steer the conversation away from the Cubs to her team, the Chicago White Sox—what a loyal fan. Christina hails from Lisle, IL, but her family roots go back to the south side of Chicago, in a neighborhood known as the Back of the Yards—which explains her fierce loyalty to the White Sox. Sports have always played an im-portant role in Christina’s life. At Northeastern, she cocaptained the row-ing squad and was chosen as the Na-tional Scholar Athlete by the Colle-giate Rowing Coaches Association. A dean’s list honoree and honors program participant, Christina also was a final-ist for the Walter Byers Scholarship, the NCAA’s highest academic award, recognizing student athletes who prom-ise to be future leaders. Boy, did they get it right. Whatever the next chapter holds for Christina, she will be a lead-er. Following Christina’s promotion to deputy communications director, I saw her leadership skills flourish. She be-came a role model and mentor to jun-ior press staff, allowing them to de-velop professionally just as she had done over the years. It was a pleasure to watch her energy, motivation, and spirit of service rub off on so many oth-ers. In 2013, Christina took on another challenge, enrolling in Georgetown University’s master in business admin-istration program. For many, this would distract from their day job, but not Christina. It wasn’t uncommon for her to work a full day, go to class for 2 to 3 hours, and be back in the office at 10 p.m., ensuring that nothing was missed. Despite the long hours, jug-gling work and school, she never missed a beat. Now, Christina is off to pursue a new adventure. She found herself a great partner in Brad Carroll. Their wedding is in a few months. They are moving back to the Midwest—Detroit will be their new home—closer to her family in the suburbs of Chicago. And I want to thank the whole Mulka family for sharing Christina with our office for the last 10 years—her parents, Diana and Tom, and her younger sister and brother, Stephanie and Nick. Christina joined this office with a high school diploma, and she is leaving after many years of serving the people of Illinois with a college degree, a grad-uate degree, and many friends and col-leagues who will miss her. I couldn’t be happier for her as she moves on to the next chapter in her life with Brad. I will close with this: While at North-eastern, Christina developed her inter-est in public service with the help of Michael Dukakis. Recently, at a North-eastern Capitol Hill alumni event, Christina ran into her old mentor. She told him about her engagement and up-coming move to Detroit. His face lit up, and he immediately encouraged her to run for mayor. I am not surprised. To know Christina Mulka is to expect big things from her. I am proud of the work she has done and will do, but more importantly, I am proud of the person she has become. Congratula-tions on a job well done, and best of luck. (At the request of Mr. R
EID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I was unable to cast a vote on the mo-tion to invoke cloture on the com-pound motion to go to conference on S. 2943, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. I missed the vote today be-cause I was attending a funeral. Had I been present, I would have voted in favor of the motion. The final vote on this motion was 90 to 7, and my ab-sence did not impact the outcome. The National Defense Authorization Act specifies the budget and expendi-tures of the Department of Defense. This legislation is essential to support our men and women in uniform and to defend our Nation. I voted in favor of this legislation on final passage in the Senate. Mr. President, I was unable to cast a vote on Senator S
HAHEEN ’s motion to instruct the conferees on S. 2943, the National Defense Authorization Act, NDAA. This motion to instruct would increase the number of visas for the Af-ghan Special Immigrant Visa, SIV, pro-gram. I missed the vote today because I was attending a funeral. Had I been present, I would have voted in favor of the motion. The final vote on this leg-islation/motion was 84 to 12, and my absence did not impact the outcome. The Afghan Special Immigrant Visa, SIV, program has served an important role in protecting Afghan allies who risk their safety, as well as the safety of their families, in order to help our troops serving in Afghanistan. This program is supported by two former commanders of U.S. Forces in Afghani-stan, retired Generals McChrystal and Campbell, who both acknowledge how crucial the SIV program is to our na-tional security and to our allies. Mr. President, I was unable to cast a vote on Senator S
ULLIVAN ’s motion to instruct conferees on S. 2943, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. This motion would help implement Presi-dent Obama’s announcement to main-tain troops in Afghanistan and Iraq, as well as improve the capacity of the NATO Alliance. I missed the vote today because I was attending a fu-neral. Had I been present, I would have voted in favor of the motion. The final vote on this legislation-motion was 85 to 12, and my absence did not impact the outcome. I support this motion to instruct con-ferees because the proposal would strengthen our fight against ISIS and our security partnership with Euro-pean allies. Last week, President Obama announced that the United States will maintain a force of approxi-mately 8,400 U.S. military servicemem-bers in Afghanistan through 2017. These servicemen and women will continue to train and advise Afghan Forces and conduct counterterrorism operations. In order to maintain the progress that global coalition made against the Taliban during Operation Enduring Freedom and to prevent the spread of ISIS in the region, it is essential to au-thorize these operations. As we work to fight terrorism abroad by increasing our efforts to build and lead the international coalition against ISIS, we must also confront the threat that Russia poses. That means we need to increase capacity and operational responsiveness of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, NATO. At the NATO Summit in War-saw this month, President Obama and our allies pledged to increase the ca-pacity of the European Reassurance Initiative. This is essential to deter Russian aggression and ensure that one of our most vital defense alliances is able to respond to evolving threats. The U.S. troops who will participate in the increased rotational presence in Poland represent a necessary response to Russia’s increased aggression and provocation in the region. Mr. President, I was unable to cast a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on H.R. 5293, the fiscal year 2017 De-fense Appropriations Act. I missed the vote today because I was attending a funeral. Had I been present, I would have voted against invoking cloture, as I did on July 6, 2016. The final vote on this motion was 55 to 42, and my ab-sence did not impact the outcome. Congress passed a bipartisan agree-ment, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, which outlines funding levels for 2016 and 2017. Attempts to circumvent the Bipartisan Budget Act are a viola-tion of that agreement. Mr. President, I was unable to cast a vote on the motion to invoke cloture upon reconsideration on the conference report to accompany H.R. 2577, Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations. I missed the vote today because I was attending a fu-neral. Had I been present, I would have voted against the motion to invoke clo-ture, as I did on June 28, 2016. The final vote on this motion today was 52 to 44, and my absence did not impact the out-come. On May 19, 2016, I voted for the Sen-ate version of the 2017 appropriations legislation to fund military construc-tion and the Department of Veterans Affairs when the Senate passed that bill by an overwhelming majority of 89– 8. However, this conference report does not reflect the Senate position and in-stead slashes $500 million from our military and our veterans when com-pared to the funding levels included in the bipartisan Senate-passed bill. This conference report also includes certain policy riders I do not agree with attached to the funding that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:41 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.107 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5141 July 14, 2016 
Senate originally included to combat the Zika virus. The conferees also de-cided to offset these emergency funds by cutting funding for other important initiatives including funding that is continuing to be used to combat the outbreak of the Ebola virus. When faced with an emergency, whether it is a devastating weather event like a tor-nado or a hurricane or a public health threat, we come together as Americans to ensure that we are providing the necessary resources to our friends and neighbors in their time of need. Includ-ing controversial offsets to the Zika emergency response funding only causes unnecessary delay and prevents assistance from getting to the health care professionals, researchers, and others who need these resources to combat the Zika virus.∑ 
f 
NATIONAL BIOENGINEERED FOOD DISCLOSURE STANDARD Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I would like to engage in a colloquy with the Senator from Michigan, Ms. S
TABE -
NOW, who serves as the ranking mem-ber of the Senate Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry and is a lead sponsor of the GMO labeling bill, S. 764, approved by the Senate on July 7, 2016. I would like to seek a clarifica-tion regarding the intent with regard to a provision in the bill that relates to consistency with the Organic Foods Production Act and related rules and regulations. Specifically, section 293(f) of the bill states that: 
‘‘[t]he Secretary shall consider estab-lishing consistency between— (1) the national bioengineered food disclo-sure standard established under this section; and (2) the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) and any rules or regulations implementing that Act. ‘‘ 
Given this provision, I would like clarification from my colleague that nothing in this legislation would re-quire USDA to change the Organic Foods Production Act rules or regula-tions to comport with the new bioengi-neered food disclosure standard and definitions created by S. 764, as passed by the Senate on July 7, 2016. Ms. STABENOW. I thank the Senator from Wisconsin for engaging on this issue and seeking clarification on this point. S. 764 amends the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946. S. 764 does not amend the Organic Foods Production Act or its rules or regulations. More specifically, section 293(f) is only in-tended to require that USDA consider aligning the rules and regulations of the new GMO disclosure program es-tablished under this bill with the rules and regulations of the existing Na-tional Organic Program, not the in-verse. Again, I will clarify that S.764 does not provide any authority to amend the Organic Foods Production Act or its rules and regulations. In addition, I would draw to the at-tention of my colleague another sec-tion of this bill, section 292(b), which states: ″(b) APPLICATION OF DEFINITION.-The definition of the term ‘bioengineering’ under section 291 shall not affect any other defini-tion, program, rule, or regulation of the Fed-eral Government.’’ 
I believe this provision clarifies that nothing in the new bioengineered food disclosure standard established in this legislation would require USDA to take any action to change the existing Or-ganic Foods Production Act rules and regulations. 
f 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, we have a problem in our court system. We cur-rently have 83 judicial vacancies, and 29 of these are considered judicial emergency vacancies because they have been vacant so long or because the case backlog is so severe. There is a simple reason we have this problem: Senate Republicans refuse to do their job and confirm judicial nominees. This is the case from the Supreme Court, with the outrageous and unprec-edented obstruction of Judge Merrick Garland, to the Federal Courts of Ap-peals, where it took more than a year for Judge Felipe Restrepo to be con-firmed to the Third Circuit, down to the District Courts, where the number of vacancies has skyrocketed under Re-publican leadership. We haven’t always had this problem, and there is no good reason we have it now. Eight years ago this week, when Democrats controlled the Senate and President Bush was in the White House, there were a total of 39 vacan-cies in the court system. In the last 2 years of the Bush Presidency, the Sen-ate confirmed 68 judges, compared to just 22 judges confirmed to date in President Obama’s final 2 years. Pennsylvania currently has five pending judicial nominees. One, Re-becca Haywood, is an excellent nomi-nee for the Third Circuit Court of Ap-peals. She is extremely well-qualified and deserves timely consideration and a vote. The other four are district court nominees, all distinguished judges nominated with bipartisan sup-port from my colleague Senator T
OOMEY . Two of these nominees, Susan Baxter and Marilyn Horan, passed out of the Judiciary Committee with unan-imous support by voice vote. They are among the 24 judicial nominees on the Executive Calendar awaiting confirma-tion votes. These nominees have been vetted and unanimously deemed quali-fied by the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, and there is simply no legiti-mate reason to block their confirma-tion. They deserve an immediate vote. Pennsylvania’s other two distin-guished district court nominees, John Younge and Robert Colville, are equal-ly qualified to be excellent Federal judges; yet, inexplicably, Senate Re-publicans have blocked them from even getting a committee vote. So they re-main, for no legitimate reason, stuck with the 26 other judicial nominees awaiting committee consideration. This extreme level of obstructionism has serious consequences for Ameri-cans seeking access to the courthouse. In 2015, 361,689 cases were filed in the U.S. district courts, increasing the total number of pending cases by 3 per-cent in just a single year to 438,808. In Pennsylvania alone, 16,609 new cases were filed in our three districts in 2015. How are the courts supposed to give full and fair consideration to all of these cases if they are understaffed? The glacial pace of judicial confirma-tions is, quite simply, hurting the sys-tem of justice in this country. The ob-struction is not only preventing access to justice by creating huge backlogs of cases, but is also damaging the integ-rity of the judiciary by politicizing nominees who should remain inde-pendent and nonpartisan. Senate Re-publicans need to do their job and im-mediately schedule votes to confirm the pending judicial nominees in Penn-sylvania and around the country. f 
EXTENDING ADVANCED ENERGY TAX CREDITS Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I wish to enter into a colloquy with the senior Senator from South Carolina in re-gards to the bipartisan efforts to ex-tend the investment tax credits for ad-vanced energy technologies. As you know, the investment tax credit incentives for fuel cells and other small alternative-power tech-nologies—including microturbines, combined heat and power, small wind, and thermal energy—in section 48 of the Tax Code expires at the end of this year. These advanced energy tech-nologies are finally transitioning from development to commercialization and are playing a critical role in making energy in this country more resilient, reliable, and less vulnerable to fuel price hikes. For example, fuel cells, which I know well from being produced in my home State of Delaware, are already being used to provide reliable power to first responders, manufacturers, and retail companies. Fuel cells ensure critical facilities continue to have electricity, even when grid power is unavailable. Fuel cells are U.S. invented, U.S. man-ufactured, and run on U.S. natural gas. This technology is a win-win for energy security, job growth, and the economy. As you can imagine, these emerging alternative-energy companies require predictable tax credits beyond the end of 2016 for R&D, capitalization, and cash flow reasons. Delays in extending these tax credits could put hundreds of manufacturing jobs in my State, in my friend from South Carolina’s State, and thousands of jobs across the country at risk. At the end of last year, it seemed our message about the urgency of extend-ing all of these section 48 tax credits was heard loud and clear. During nego-tiations on the year-end tax extenders 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:41 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.099 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5142 July 14, 2016 
package last December, there was bi-partisan agreement to extend all of the section 48 tax credits through the end of 2021. Unfortunately, due to a simple case of human error, the extension of these tax credits was accidentally ex-cluded during the final drafting of the tax legislation. Solar and wind were ex-tended as part of the agreement, but five other small alternative-power technologies were inadvertently ex-cluded. This mistake was identified within hours of the bill text being released, but unfortunately, due to time con-straints and the desire to move expedi-tiously, House and Senate leaders de-termined that modifications to correct this mistake were not possible at the time. Instead, there was a bipartisan agreement to work together to address this mistake early in 2016. Let me say to my colleague, I know we have missed some opportunities to get this issue resolved, but I would wel-come the opportunity to work with him, his staff, and other colleagues to find ways to get these advanced energy credits extended. I believe we still have opportunities to get this done, but we cannot afford further delays. Would the Senator be willing to work with my staff and me? Mr. GRAHAM. I want to thank the senior Senator from Delaware for rais-ing this important issue. I would be happy to work with him on this issue because, as my friend and colleague from Delaware knows, my State of South Carolina is already seeing first-hand the benefits these advanced en-ergy technologies are having on the local economy. As my friend from Delaware mentioned, this is a bipar-tisan and bicameral effort, and I be-lieve we can find a way to get this done. Mr. CARPER. I would like thank the senior Senator from South Carolina for his support and thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, in both Chambers, that are working so hard to get this issue resolved as soon as pos-sible this year. I thank the Senator. 
f 
THE FAMILY FIRST PREVENTION SERVICES BILL Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, with a weeks-long recess upon us, sometimes opportunities to make history get lost. I am going to take a few minutes to de-scribe an historic opportunity to help vulnerable families and children at risk. I hope my colleagues rise to the occasion when Congress resumes its legislative work in September. The bipartisan, bicameral legislation called the Family First Prevention Services Act would give new hope to hundreds of thousands of children and their families. It would, for the first time, allow States to permanently in-vest Federal foster care dollars to safe-ly keep families together, instead of ripping them apart. It passed the House by voice vote at the end of last month, and in my view, it ought to be an easy bipartisan win. I remain hopeful the Senate will come together to pass it in the months ahead. I want to take a few minutes to look back at how this proposal came to-gether before describing what it can ac-complish. In the mid–1990s, there was a debate in the Congress as to whether sending kids to orphanages was the right idea. It was obvious, in my view, that there had to be better alter-natives. Along with many of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle, I saw an opportunity for our child welfare poli-cies to empower and unite families, so I authored the Kinship Care Act. It said that aunts or uncles or grand-parents who met the right standards would be notified and have first pref-erence when it came to caring for a niece or nephew or grandchild. It was the first Federal law of its kind. And over the past two decades Congress, in a bipartisan manner, has built on that framework. Two years ago, I became chairman of the Finance Committee, and I wanted to continue that progress and keep building on those values because, even though the 1990s are long gone, the fos-ter care system is still badly flawed. When you look at the child welfare policies on the books today, you see big incentives for breaking families up. You don’t see anywhere near enough incentive for keeping families together and helping them heal and thrive. It is a system that boxes families into two often bad options: foster care or noth-ing at all. So 2 years ago, I began work-ing on legislation to change that. I put forward a proposal in 2015 called the Family Stability and Kinship Care Act. In the months that followed, I worked with Republican and Demo-cratic colleagues in the Senate and the House on a bipartisan path forward. Last month, Chairman HATCH and I, along with Ways and Means Chairman B
RADY , Ranking Member S ANDER  L
EVIN, and Congressman V ERN B
UCHANAN in the House, introduced our bipartisan, bicameral bill. Here is what our legislation would do. First, it takes the current system that is rife with flaws and turns it on its head. Instead of paying a dollar for families to be split up, the bill says, let’s see if it is possible to use that dol-lar to help a family stay together. Let’s see if that dollar can keep a youngster safe at home, where he or she is most likely to be healthy and happy and succeed in school. Remember that most youngsters in foster care aren’t there because of physical or sexual abuse. Kids predomi-nantly wind up in foster care because of circumstances that lead to neglect. Maybe Mom or Dad needs help dealing with a child’s behavioral issues. Maybe they need substance abuse treatment. Maybe a relative could step in and help, especially if they have support. It provides critical assistance to fam-ilies struggling with addiction to opioids or other substances. It invests in programs that help fight child abuse and neglect. And lastly, it takes what I believe are vital steps to prioritize safety by setting basic standards for foster care facilities and group homes. I want to focus on that last point for a moment. Some troubled or abused youngsters have been through such se-vere trauma that they need the kind of help they can only get in a temporary, high-quality treatment facility. They are kids who struggle with mental health illnesses or behavioral prob-lems, young people recovering from ad-diction, or victims of sex trafficking. The support they need is unique, and they need access to reliable care in a safe place. But those placements need to be an intervention, not a destina-tion. In my view, when they are able, children should have the opportunity to reunite with kin or join a foster or adoptive family. For the first time, our bill would lay down basic standards so that young-sters don’t have to face the prospect of growing up in those circumstances. These are standards guided by the states and laid out to protect kids. They are designed to raise the bar for group homes and make sure that chil-dren aren’t sent away and forgotten. In my view, this policy is a no-brainer. I understand a small handful of States have raised concerns about this legislation. The concerns essentially revolve around three common points. First, I have heard concerns that there will not be enough family foster homes to meet demand. It is true that across the country, many states are facing severe shortages in family foster homes. That is why the bill invests new funding for competitive grants to im-prove foster parent recruitment and re-tention. Moreover, the whole premise of the bill is to prevent children from unnecessarily entering foster care in the first place. States across the coun-try have shown they can safely reduce foster care and in so doing, reduce the demand for foster homes. And let’s not forget, States would have over 3 years before these new group home standards come into effect giving more than ade-quate time to plan for the changes. A second concern I have heard is that there is there is too much rigidity when it comes to licensing standards, accreditation, and assessment require-ments for children placed in residential treatment programs for youth in need of higher levels of care. The sponsors of the legislation as well as the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services have made it abundantly clear that there is significant flexibility in these provisions of the bill. With respect to child welfare law, there is no statutory or regulatory definition for what con-stitutes ‘‘licensed clinical and nursing staff.’’ A wide variety of models could be used to meet these criteria. What we must not lose sight of is the fact that the terminology in this bill is based on what we know is in the best interest of children. The standards laid out in this bill are supported by the American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:54 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.087 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5143 July 14, 2016 
Academy of Pediatrics, the Pediatric Nurse Practitioners, the American As-sociation of Child and Adolescent Psy-chiatry, the Children’s Defense Fund, and over 130 other organizations. A third concern I have heard is that the time frame for assessing youth to determine whether they need residen-tial treatment is too short. Under the legislation, a State can receive a Fed-eral match for up to 2 weeks for any foster care placement that is allowable under current law. That means place-ments like child care institutions, shelters, group homes, and family fos-ter homes for up to 2 weeks. After those 2 weeks, in order to receive a Federal match for room and board, a child may only be served in a family foster home, a supervised independent living placement for youth 18 and older, a facility specializing in serving pregnant and parenting youth, or a qualified residential treatment pro-gram. If a child is served in a qualified residential treatment program, the State still has up to 30 days to perform an assessment. That means the State has up to 6 weeks to perform assess-ments to determine the appropriate-ness of a child’s placement. And even then, if the residential treatment pro-gram is deemed NOT to be in the child’s best interest, the State has an additional 30 days to receive Federal funding on behalf of that child to find a more appropriate placement. That adds up to nearly 3 months for the States to continue to receive Federal funding while determining the best placement for a child. Let me tell you, 10 weeks is a long time in the life of a vulnerable kid and should be plenty of time to find an appropriate placement. In addition to these technical ques-tions, some just say the change is com-ing too fast. For example, a newspaper recently reported that officials in one particular State warned the bill ‘‘could worsen the state’s already worrisome shortage of foster care beds. . . .’’ and that it could ‘‘disqualify about 3,000 slots in group homes and institutional settings’’ from Federal financial help. To my mind, it can be too easy in this debate to lose sight of the fact that right now, a lot of vulnerable young-sters are in desperate circumstances. So let’s focus for a moment on the question of group homes in that par-ticular State. Last year, the State in question lost a class-action lawsuit over its foster care program. The lawsuit found that the State violated the constitutional rights of foster children by exposing them to unreasonable risks in a system where children ‘‘often age out of care more damaged than when they en-tered.’’ I want to repeat that finding because, in my view, it speaks volumes, that children ‘‘often age out of care more damaged than when they en-tered.’’ The U.S. district judge who wrote the decision directed the State to stop placing certain children in unsafe set-tings such as foster group homes that lack 24–hour supervision. At question was whether group homes should con-tinue to operate at all, given concerns that they cause ‘‘an unreasonable risk of harm’’ to foster children. The court heard testimony that, in foster group homes that mix younger children with older children, sexual abuse ‘‘is usual rather than unusual.’’ The court heard stories of one foster boy who was ‘‘sex-ually abused almost every night by one of the bigger boys in the home,’’ while the caretakers were asleep on the other side of the house. So in my judgement, if that is the way things are now, then that is a situation that cries out for change. It is time to take a fresh ap-proach that will do a better job of pro-tecting kids and families. Here is my bottom line. The weight of the status quo is severe, and it falls heaviest on the thousands of foster kids living in quiet struggle. Doing nothing is easy, I realize that. But it is long past time for the Con-gress to overcome the inertia of the status quo. And the fact is most of the reforms you are seeing today are incre-mental—foisted upon States in decrees, settlement agreements, and court or-ders in class action lawsuits. My home State of Oregon is no excep-tion. Oregon’s Department of Human Services was just hit by a $60 million lawsuit. Too often, States fail to pro-vide for the most basic safety for these vulnerable kids, and that is why advo-cates are turning to the courts for change. In recent years, the advocacy organi-zation Children’s Rights has filed class action lawsuits in Arizona, Con-necticut, D.C., Georgia, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, Okla-homa, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Wisconsin. Absent reforms and partnership with the Federal Government, unfortu-nately, these types of lawsuits that produce only slow improvements will continue to be one of few clear avenues to drive change. It is time Congress stepped up. The standards laid out in this bill are supported by the American Academy of Pediatrics, the Pediatric Nurse Practitioners, the American As-sociation of Child and Adolescent Psy-chiatry, and the Children’s Defense Fund and countless others. The experts agree with our premise, that group home care should be used only when it is clinically necessary. This bill is not perfect, but no legis-lation is ever perfect. I have been clear that there will be opportunities—both through the regulatory and legislative processes—to strengthen this legisla-tion and build on it. But in my judge-ment, this bill gets us closer to a world where foster care is needed less often, a system where the priority is keeping children and families together. If this bill were to come before the Senate in an up-or-down vote, I believe it would sail through on a bipartisan basis. It is the right policy for kids, and it is the right policy for taxpayers, whose investments in foster care today aren’t helping children and families the way they should. I urge my colleagues to support the Family First Prevention Services Act. The Senate can and must get this done in the months ahead and send it to the president’s desk. As civil rights icon Marian Wright Edelman said, ‘‘Don’t make our most vulnerable children wait longer’’ for the help they need. 
f 
ANNIVERSARY AND REAUTHOR-IZATION OF THE OLDER AMERI-CANS ACT Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, 51 years ago today—July 14, 1965—Presi-dent Johnson signed the Older Ameri-cans Act into law, solidifying our com-mitment to America’s seniors and cre-ating critical programs to ensure that all Americans can age with dignity and security. I am very pleased that Presi-dent Obama signed the reauthorization of the Older Americans Act on April 19, 2016. My view is that a nation is judged not by how many billionaires and mil-lionaires it has, but instead by how it treats the most vulnerable people among us. I would like to thank Chairman A
LEXANDER and Ranking Member M UR-
RAYfor their efforts in getting this re-authorization passed into law. I would also like to acknowledge the many or-ganizations representing tens of mil-lions of Americans who worked with me and my staff to get this bill to President Obama, including the Na-tional Council on Aging, Meals on Wheels America, the National Associa-tion of Area Agencies on Aging, and others. Every day in my State of Vermont and around this country, millions of seniors are struggling with the difficult choice they must make with their lim-ited budgets—whether to buy food, medicine, or keep a roof over their heads. These are not the choices sen-iors in this country should be forced to make. More than half of older households have no retirement savings and are just one bad fall or illness away from economic catastrophe. The Older Americans Act provides important long-term services and supports that help keep older Vermonters and seniors across this country healthy and out of poverty. The Older Americans Act pro-vides a broad range of services includ-ing home-delivered and congregate meals, transportation services, family caregiver support, preventive health services, and many supportive services. The law also funds job training, legal assistance, and elder abuse prevention and protection services. I, along with my staff, worked on the reauthorization of the Older Americans Act for the past several years. During that time, we held hearings on senior hunger and convened listening sessions with advocacy groups to learn more about the best way to extend these pro-grams. What I heard over and over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:41 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.092 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5144 July 14, 2016 
again was simple: The law is working well, but it needs more funding to keep up with rising costs and a growing sen-ior population. We must protect and expand funding for these important programs. The simple fact is the amount of funding dedicated for these important programs is a disgrace. As a point of comparison, while funding for other programs has risen by 11 percent since 2009, Older Americans Act funding has dropped 7 percent over that same time. Funding for these crucial programs has not even kept up with inflation. That is why, for the past several years, I have led an appropriations request let-ter asking for a 12 percent increase in funding for the Older Americans Act. A 12 percent increase would make a meaningful difference for states strug-gling to provide services to their grow-ing senior populations. Some of the most important and well-known services funded by the Older Americans Act are the meals pro-grams, often provided by Meals on Wheels. A Government Accountability Office, GAO, report I requested last year found that fewer than 10 percent of low-income seniors who needed a meal delivered to their homes in 2013 received one. The study also found that one in three low-income seniors are ‘‘food insecure,’’ yet fewer than 5 per-cent receive a meal at home or at a senior center. That is unacceptable. Investing in senior nutrition pro-grams is not only the moral thing to do, it is the financially smart thing to do. Proper nutrition can keep people out of long-term care and emergency rooms. Meal delivery is also a good op-portunity for visiting with an isolated senior who might otherwise go days without seeing another person. Another critical OAA program is the Senior Community Service Employ-ment Program, SCSEP, which provides job training and employment services for older adults. Seniors are matched with part-time jobs at organizations in the community and many times these positions turn into permanent employ-ment, increasing seniors’ financial se-curity. Senior centers are another important way the Older Americans Act supports the needs of seniors in our commu-nities. The reauthorization includes some policy changes to modernize sen-ior centers to help ensure people are taking part in activities like group meals, afternoon activities, and exer-cise classes. Another crucial service I strongly hope receives full funding is the Senior Medicare Patrol Program, SMP, which helps protect seniors and their families from health care fraud, errors, and abuse. We have bipartisan agreement that this is an important, cost-saving program, and if Congress does not ap-propriate sufficient funding for SMP, then those funds should be distributed from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services’ Health Care Fraud and Abuse Control Program so the pro-gram does not experience a cut. I am pleased that this title II of this bill continues funding for several im-portant resource and information cen-ters, including the Pension Counseling Program and the National Education and Resource Center on Women and Retirement Planning. These programs serve older adults across the nation by providing much-needed information on pensions, retirement issues, and avoid-ing poverty and financial fraud. The number of Americans age 60 and over will grow from about 65 million today to 92 million by 2030. Our most vulnerable populations need to see that we care and are here to serve and sup-port them. Funding must keep up with the in-creases we see in the cost of living for seniors, including housing, food, trans-portation, and prescription drugs. The Older Americans Act reauthorization had the unanimous consent of all Sen-ate and House Members and committed to a 7 percent increase in funding over the next 3 years. I am hopeful my col-leagues on the Senate Appropriations Committee will use their authority to continue to meet or exceed this fund-ing goal for these critically important programs. I will continue to advocate strongly for these funding increases. The truth is that the priorities we hold—treating seniors with respect, making sure seniors have the support they need—have the overwhelming sup-port of the American people. These principles are among the foundations of a just and fair society where people look forward to growing old. I thank my Senate and House colleagues for their support of this important reau-thorization bill and President Obama for signing it into law. I am pleased to recognize the anniversary of the pas-sage of the Older Americans Act today. 
f 
95TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE HA-WAIIAN HOMES COMMISSION ACT Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, July 9, 2016, marked the 95th anniversary of the enactment of the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act, legislation that has changed the lives of thousands of na-tive Hawaiians in the State of Hawaii. This legislation was made possible by the vision of Prince Jonah Kuhio Kalanianaole. After the annexation of Hawaii, Prince Kuhio continued to serve his people as Hawaii’s second delegate in Congress. When Prince Kuhio took office in 1902, he was determined to improve the lives of native Hawaiians. Although he served as a nonvoting delegate, he championed the Hawaiian Homes Com-mission Act to create a trust of nearly 200,000 acres of land that previously be-longed to the monarchs of the Hawai-ian Kingdom. By setting aside this land, Congress intended to ensure the livelihood of native Hawaiians, whose population had been reduced from as many as, according to some estimates, 800,000 prior to 1778 to a little over 20,000 by 1920. In a letter that Prince Kuhio cir-culated to the Senate in 1920, he shared the results of an extensive investiga-tion and survey that noted the exceed-ingly high mortality rate of native Ha-waiians. The survey justified the need to return native Hawaiians to the land, to reconnect with their sense of place, and elevate their well-being by pro-viding stable housing and opportunities to improve their livelihood. Prince Kuhio shepherded the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act through both the House and Senate, and President War-ren Harding signed the bill into law on July 9, 1921. In 1924, the first homestead in Kalamaula on the island of Molokai be-came home to 42 Native Hawaiians who began harvesting vegetables and rais-ing animals to sell at local markets. Today nearly 10,000 Native Hawaiian beneficiaries and their families live on agricultural, pastoral, or residential homestead lots in over 60 communities across Hawaii. With Hawaii’s admission into the Union in 1959, the State of Hawaii was tasked with administering the Hawai-ian Homes Commission Act, a responsi-bility primarily led by the State’s De-partment of Hawaiian Home Lands. At the Federal level, Congress has contin-ued to live up to its commitments to the Hawaiian community, first estab-lished by the HHCA, through continued funding for programs focused on plan-ning, development, housing construc-tion, and home loan programs to sup-port the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands in its mission, as well as home loans and guarantees to support Hawai-ian Homes beneficiaries. On the 95th anniversary of the Ha-waiian Homes Commission Act, we rec-ognize and thank Prince Kuhio for his vision and sincere aloha for the well- being of Native Hawaiians. The Hawaiian Homes Commission Act has made a difference in thousands of lives and set the foundation for ac-knowledging the trust relationship be-tween the Native Hawaiian community and the Federal Government. Today the Federal Government continues this trust relationship by providing funds to support housing, health care, edu-cation, and other resources for the ben-efit of the Native Hawaiian commu-nity. However, there is still much to be done to assist Hawaii’s indigenous pop-ulation. I will continue to work with Congress, the executive branch, the State of Hawaii, and the Native Hawai-ian community to not only safeguard Prince Kuhio’s landmark legislation and legacy, but to ensure it, and the community he worked so hard to as-sist, will continue to thrive. 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF M ACDILL AIR FORCE BASE Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, today I wish to honor MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, FL, during its 75th anniver-sary year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:15 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.084 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5145 July 14, 2016 
MacDill’s humble start began during its construction when aircrews of the 29th Bomber Group landed their B–17 Flying Fortress bombers on a nearby dirt airstrip in farmer John Drew’s fields after flying antisubmarine pa-trols in the Gulf of Mexico. Later named Drew Field, this strip is now known as Tampa International Air-port. Formally dedicated on April 16, 1941, MacDill was primarily known for train-ing bomber aircrews of the III Bomber Command. Intrepid but inexperienced crews learning to fly B–26 Marauder bombers at MacDill were glad of Tam-pa’s warm climate when ditching their aircraft in the waters surrounding the field. The regularity of this occurrence prompted air crews to jokingly coin the phrase ‘‘Once a day in Tampa Bay.’’ MacDill proved its strategic signifi-cance during World War II as an anti-submarine patrol and air defense base home to B–24A Liberators of the 44th Bomber Group and Seversky P–35 air-craft of the 53rd Pursuit Group. During the Cuban Missile Crisis, MacDill again displayed its geographical importance, serving as a prime location for staging B–47 Stratojet and B–52 Stratofortress bomber aircraft. Transitioning from a primarily bomber base once home to the famed B–17 Memphis Belle, MacDill became a Tactical Air Command installation fly-ing the F–84 Thunderstreak jet fighter. From the 1960s through the early 1980s, F–4 Phantom II fighters filled its skies, followed by F–16 Fighting Falcons in the 1980s and 1990s. The base is now an Air Mobility Command installation, home to the 6th Air Mobility Wing and its 310th Airlift Squadron and the 91st Air Refueling Squadron. MacDill is also home to the head-quarters of two of the U.S. military’s unified combatant commands: U.S. Central Command, whose area of oper-ations encompasses the Middle East and parts of North Africa and Central Asia, and U.S. Special Operations Com-mand, tasked with oversight of the component special operations units of the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force. Non-Department of Defense tenants of MacDill Air Force Base include the National Oceanographic and Atmos-pheric Administration Aircraft Oper-ations Center, which operates the NOAA ‘‘Hurricane Hunter’’ fleet of WP–3D Orion and Gulfstream V air-craft. The U.S. Department of Agri-culture also conducts its antimedfly operations out of MacDill. More than 13,000 military and civil-ian personnel are involved in oper-ations at MacDill, and the surrounding community is home to approximately 170,000 retirees who use health and wel-fare services on the base. MacDill is a vital economic driver for the Tampa Bay area and is not only a source of jobs for the community, but also a wel-come source of pride in our Nation’s Armed Forces. I am confident that MacDill Air Force Base will remain an important strategic installation for our military and continue to play an important role in protecting the safety of Floridians and all Americans. I am proud to honor its 75 great years of service. (At the request of Mr. R
EID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF BEST BUY ∑Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, today I wish to speak to honor the 50th anniversary of Best Buy. Best Buy was founded in 1966 as a stereo store called the Sound of Music in St. Paul, MN. Since then, it has grown from that one store into a For-tune 100 company with over 1,000 loca-tions across the U.S., as well as Canada and Mexico. In 1966, Richard M. Schultze—a Min-nesota native and former member of the Minnesota Air National Guard— and Gary Smoliak opened the Sound of Music on the corner of Hamline and St. Clair Avenues in St. Paul. By 1969, Schultze assumed sole control of the company, which had grown to three stores and was listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market. Then in 1981, disaster and inspiration struck. The Sound of Music store lo-cated in Roseville, MN, was hit by a tornado which tore the roof off the building and destroyed the showroom. Schultze showed the innovation and entrepreneurial spirit characteristic of Minnesota. He decided to have a ‘‘tor-nado sale’’ in the Roseville’s store’s parking lot and promised ‘‘best buys’’ on everything. Needless to say, the sale was a success. The Sound of Music was renamed Best Buy Company, Inc., in 1983 and had grown to seven stores and $10 mil-lion in annual sales. Later that year, Best Buy opened its first megastore in Burnsville, MN. By 1992, Best Buy had reached $1 bil-lion in revenues. In 1999, Best Buy was added to the Standard and Poor’s 500 index. Best Buy has consistently been one of the Minnesota-headquartered companies in the Fortune 500 and cur-rently ranks 71st on the Fortune 500 nationally. And Best Buy was named company of the year by Forbes in 2004. So why do people shop at Best Buy? Maybe it is because they have updated their showrooms and a commission-free salesforce. Or maybe it is the wide range of products, interactive touchscreens kiosks and the dem-onstration areas for home theater sys-tems and computer software. Best Buy also pioneered the concept of special-ized in-store customer service areas by establishing a Geek Squad unit in each store. Best Buy has also been a good cor-porate citizen in Minnesota. Since 2007, Best Buy Company has generously given over $50 million and over 140,000 volunteer hours to Minnesota non-profits. And they don’t just care about people, they also care about the planet. Best Buy operates the largest retail consumer electronics and e-waste recy-cling collection program in the U.S. Over 1 billion pounds of recycling has been handed over to certified recyclers helping to keep the environment clean. Best Buy has also been named to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency top-100 list of green-power purchasers. ∑Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I join my colleague in celebrating the 50th anniversary of Best Buy. Best Buy’s innovation and leadership has turned a once small, Minnesota company into the successful and re-sponsible multinational corporation it is today. They are a vital component of the Minnesota economy and integral to our communities, and in celebration of their anniversary, I would like to take some time to recognize their important work to tackle one of the most press-ing issues facing our society today: cli-mate change. Climate change is a very serious threat to our planet, and Best Buy has risen to the challenge by taking proactive steps to reduce their carbon footprint. They have joined with other major American companies in signing the White House’s American Business Act on Climate Pledge. As part of the pledge, Best Buy has committed to re-ducing carbon emissions in their oper-ations by 45 percent of 2009 levels by 2020, which builds on the 26 percent emissions reduction they have already achieved. As a company committed to delivering sustainable technology solu-tions, Best Buy also committed to con-tinue offering an assortment of energy- efficient products to help consumers reduce their carbon footprint, too. Best Buy’s pledge represents a collaboration between government and industry to address climate change and take seri-ous action now. They have also taken steps to protect our environment by helping consumers responsibly dispose of their electronic goods. Their recycling program has grown into the largest retail recycling program in the nation and, to date, has processed over 1 billion pounds of con-sumer electronic devices and appli-ances. Their dedication to sustainable practices has a meaningful impact on the future of our planet. Best Buy’s continued excellence serves as a model to other businesses throughout the State and across the Nation, and I congratulate them on 50 years of business. ∑Ms. KLOBUCHAR. I thank my col-league for his statement and agree. Best Buy started with one store in St. Paul 50 years ago. It is now a multi-national company with 125,000 employ-ees who give back to their commu-nities and work to reduce the impact of used electronics on the environment. For 50 years, Best Buy has brought the latest consumer technology and electronics products and services to its customers and remains a proud Min-nesota company. That is why I am proud to honor Best Buy.∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:15 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.110 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5146 July 14, 2016 
SUSTAINABILITY OF THE FOREST PRODUCTS INDUSTRY Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the paper and forest products industry to support their ad-vancement of six sustainability goals. There are about 18,000 hard-working men and women employed by the forest products industry in the State of Maine where we have about 40 wood products and paper manufacturing fa-cilities contributing over $900 million to the economy through jobs and wages and over $4 billion in industry ship-ments of products, making the forest products industry one of the largest manufacturing sectors in our State. Sustainability is inherent to the pulp, paper, packaging, tissue, and wood products manufacturing industry. These products are made from renew-able and recyclable resources, and these companies have a good track record of managing natural resources in order to ensure they can continue making useful products in the future. In 2011, the industry established the Better Practices, Better Planet 2020 initiative pursuing one of the most ex-tensive sets of sustainability goals es-tablished for a U.S. manufacturing in-dustry. By 2020, the Better Practices, Better Planets goals aim to exceed 70 percent paper recovery for recycling, improve purchased energy efficiency by at least 10 percent, reduce greenhouse gas emis-sions from member facilities by at least 15 percent, increase the amount of fiber procured from certified forestlands or through certified fiber sourcing programs in the U.S. from 2005 to 2020 and work to decrease illegal logging, improve worker safety by 25 percent, with a broader vision of zero industry injuries, and reduce water use in member facilities by 12 percent This week the American Forest & Paper Association released their 2016 report on the industry’s performance. The industry works with government agencies, communities and other stakeholders to employ advanced sus-tainability practices benefitting the economy, environment and society and transparently reports on their perform-ance. I am pleased to announce that the industry has met the greenhouse gas emissions and safety goals ahead of schedule. These companies are committed to sustainability along the entire value chain, starting with the renewable re-sources they acquire to make their products. AF&PA members procured 98 percent of their fiber through certified fiber sourcing programs and have also increased the amount of fiber procured from certified forestlands to 29 percent. Also, AF&PA companies are strong proponents of international efforts to suppress illegal logging and to reduce the demand for illegally harvested for-est products. AF&PA’s mandatory Environment, Health & Safety Principles require that members have health and safety poli-cies in place. Implementing worker training, increased automation, and a host of injury preventive measures and safeguards allowed AF&PA members to reduce their incidence rate by 40.8 per-cent between 2006 and 2014. These com-panies are committed to continue to look for new ways to reach their aspi-rational goal of zero workplace inju-ries. The industry’s purchased energy effi-ciency improved by 8.1 percent due to investments in energy efficiency projects. Many pulp and paper mills are largely energy self-sufficient, 56 per-cent of electricity needed to power manufacturing processes was self-gen-erated, and, in some cases, supplying energy to the electric utility grid. Improved energy efficiency and the use of less carbon-intensive fuels and carbon-neutral biomass enabled the in-dustry to significantly reduce its greenhouse gas emissions. These com-panies reduced their greenhouse gas emissions by 16 percent, surpassing the goal of 15-percent reduction. Water is a valuable natural resource and a vital component of the paper-making process. The forest products in-dustry directly returns about 88 per-cent of the water it withdraws and uses in its manufacturing processes. Ongo-ing technology and innovation enable water to be reused and recycled 10 times, on average, throughout the pulp and paper mill process before it is treated in a wastewater system and re-turned to the environment. So far, water use at these pulp and paper mills was reduced by 6.5 percent since 2005. The industry’s commitment to sus-tainability extends beyond the manu-facturing process: More than 60 percent of paper consumed in the U.S. was re-covered for recycling each year since 2009, reaching a record 66.8 percent in 2015. Paper recovery success is possible thanks to the millions of Americans who continue to recycle at home, work, and school every day. In 2014, 96 per-cent of the U.S. population had access to community curbside and/or drop-off paper recycling services. AF&PA works to promote paper recovery by creating materials to educate consumers about best recycling practices. I ask my colleagues to join us in con-gratulating this industry on taking steps to improve environmental per-formance, continue economic progress and support our communities. I am proud of this industry’s progress and their continued commitment to ad-vance sustainability performance. 
f 
THE IMPORTANCE OF SUMMER LEARNING Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I want to take a moment today to stress the im-portance of providing young people with safe places to learn during the summer months. Summer is in full swing, and families are deciding how their children’s time will be spent while school is out. Unfortunately, not all families in America can afford en-riching experiences like summer camps and summer tutors. That gap between families who have resources and those that do not is ex-pressed clearly in their children. Evi-dence shows that students who lack ac-cess to summer learning, informal or structured, start the school year be-hind. When many kids are having to re-view last year’s lessons, then all the kids have to spend that time reviewing last year’s lessons. This puts all our kids behind. Simply put, the long summer break should not be a long break from learn-ing. With Oregon’s 4-year high school graduation rate at an alarmingly low 74 percent, it is long past time we shine a spotlight on summer learning loss and its impact on our students’ path toward graduation. Summer learning loss has consequences that can damage a child’s long-term academic and ca-reer success. That is especially impor-tant in my State where one in four teenagers doesn’t make it to gradua-tion on time. Research by the National Summer Learning Association shows that most students lose math and reading skills during summer break. And unfortu-nately, students from low-income fami-lies fare even worse. The sad truth is that most students lose about 2 months of grade level equivalency in math computation skills over the summer months, and low-income students lose an additional 2 months in reading achievement. As parents, community leaders, edu-cators and policymakers, we must pro-vide every resource possible to bridge that gap for disadvantaged and low in-come students. I have long fought to close the achievement gap and support all students on a path toward high school graduation and beyond. I know so many great education ad-vocates in Oregon who share these goals, and I want to commend Oregon’s tremendous educators who work on this effort every single day. My good friends at Oregon Afterschool for Kids have made a strong commitment to keep kids learning all summer long. Their efforts to open up school librar-ies and school cafeterias in Woodburn, Salem, Eugene, and around the State have truly made a difference in chil-dren’s lives by providing them with a safe and welcoming learning environ-ment during the summer. I have often seen parents bring their children for a free lunch and stay for the free books. This year, I hope to see even more communities come out and support our students by hosting summer learning activities. Even if you cannot attend events to serve lunch and read stories to classrooms full of children, remem-ber that supporting summer learning is easy. Volunteering your time or donat-ing books or crayons to neighbors is another way to support young learners. More ideas can be found in the ‘‘Sum-mer Learning Tip Sheet for Parents’’ provided by the National Summer Learning Association. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:15 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.088 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5147 July 14, 2016 
As I have traveled around my State having conversations in high school auditoriums and school gyms, I have heard so many good ideas on how to help students succeed in school. Orego-nians agree that we must support all aspects of a student’s life to improve their outcomes, and I will add that this rings true all year long. I have seen firsthand that our communities are ready to come together and support students who need it. This is truly the Oregon way. I am committed to helping more of our students get their high school di-plomas and increase the rate at which our students are graduating from high school. Fighting summer learning loss is one way we can keep all students on a path toward a bright future. 
f 
90TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE HOLLYWOOD THEATRE Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, this year marks the 90th anniversary of the Hol-lywood Theatre in Portland, OR. Now a nonprofit organization, the Hollywood Theatre is an important Oregon land-mark with a rich cultural history. Today I want to honor the Hollywood Theatre’s 90 years of educating, enter-taining, and bringing the community together through film. The Hollywood Theatre was built in 1926, at the very end of the silent movie era. It was designed in an opulent Spanish Colonial Revival style, fea-turing extravagant interiors and a rec-ognizable terra cotta exterior. Ninety years ago, it opened its doors to thou-sands of Oregonians who flocked to the luxurious theater to see its first show, ‘‘More Pay-Less Work,’’ for a quarter. It thrived during cinema’s transition to ‘‘talkies,’’ hosting not only films but also community events such as bond drives during WWII and annual Rose Festival ceremonies. It was such a popular destination that the North-east Portland neighborhood sur-rounding it became known as the Hol-lywood District. In the 1960s, the popularity of tele-vision caused the Hollywood Theatre to fall on hard times. Although it was added to the National Register of His-toric Places in 1983, it slipped into a pe-riod of disrepair and nearly burned down. Fortunately, it was purchased by Film Action Oregon, a local nonprofit, in 1997. Its new management returned the theatre to its historic appearance and renewed its status as a Portland jewel and community hub. The Holly-wood Theatre now plays independent films and hosts film festivals, comedy shows, lectures, and continues the tra-dition of hosting community events. It is recognized by the national film com-munity for its exceptional selection of films and support for local filmmakers through funding and consultation. Later this summer, travelers will be able to witness the theatre’s newest project, a small theatre in the PDX air-port, which will showcase short films by local artists. What better way to wait for a flight than to grab a local microbrew and enjoy a local short film? No other airport in the Nation can boast such a treat. The Hollywood Theatre is a testa-ment to the Oregonian values: sup-porting small businesses, building and engaging local communities, making art accessible, and respecting and re-viving historic landmarks. It exposes patrons to a wider variety of films than those offered by larger cinemas, often offering thought-provoking alter-natives to blockbusters. In an age of multiplex theaters and in-home streaming services, it has taken a lot of passion for the Hollywood Theatre to pursue its mission and a lot of local support to keep it viable and flour-ishing. I would like to congratulate ev-eryone who has been a part of its suc-cess. Hollywood Theatre. Thank you for inspiring countless people through film and community. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF MAINE’S ALLAGASH WILDERNESS WATER-WAY Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the 50th anni-versary of the Allagash Wilderness Wa-terway in northern Maine. This 92-mile stretch of lake, shore, and river is a shining example of the dedication of the people of Maine to protect and pre-serve the natural beauty and heritage that define our great State. For thousands of years, the Allagash was the hunting and fishing grounds of the Wabanaki, and the river’s north-erly flow provided an important trans-portation link between the Maine coast and the Saint John River. The Water-way’s Native American heritage is found in such appellations as Umsaskis Lake and Musquacook Stream. In 1857, Henry David Thoreau explored the upper reaches of the Allagash during his third trip to the Maine woods and learned from his Penobscot guide that the river’s name referred to the useful bark that could be harvested from the vast forests along its banks. In the years that followed, the Allagash became a vital part of Maine’s timber industry. While hiking through the region’s remote wilderness, it is possible to come upon abandoned steam locomotives deep among the trees, remnants of the vast lumbering operations of the early 20th century. As the Allagash, rich with fish and game, became a favorite destination of outdoor enthusiasts from around the world, the surrounding woodlands have remained very much a part of Maine’s working forest economy. In 1966, the people of Maine recog-nized the special qualities of the Allagash and voted to protect it by ap-proving a $1.5 million bond to ‘‘develop the maximum wilderness character’’ of the river, and the Maine Legislature established the Allagash Wilderness Waterway. Two years later, Maine Sen-ator Edmund Muskie authored an amendment to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers Act of 1968 that com-bined permanent Federal protection with permanent State administration. In 1970, the Allagash Wilderness Water-way was granted Federal designation as a wild river and became the first State-administered component of the National Wild and Scenic River Sys-tem. The Allagash Wilderness Waterway captures the essence of the great north woods. This 50th anniversary is the time to celebrate the commitment to safeguard for generations to come this special place that captures the essence of the people of Maine. f 
RECOGNIZING ATHLETIC TRAINERS Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, today I wish to call attention to a group of health care providers who play an im-portant role in the patient care con-tinuum—athletic trainers. These dedi-cated professionals who work in Iowa and across the United States provide valuable services to patients and make a real difference in the lives of those they treat. Athletic trainers play a key role in their local communities. Many of them work in educational settings including colleges, universities, elementary schools, and secondary schools to keep student athletes safe. Others work in rehabilitation clinics, hospitals, fitness and community centers, or even for professional sports teams to prevent injury and help injured patients re-cover. Because of the key preventative and rehabilitative services provided by ath-letic trainers, many patients are able avoid unnecessary disruption of normal daily life. This enables folks to stay mobile and to contribute to their com-munities. I ask my colleagues to join me in rec-ognizing athletic training as an impor-tant profession in our Nation’s health care system and in expressing grati-tude for the important impact these in-dividuals have on promoting the over-all health and well-being of the public. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JAMES WALLNER Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I am pleased to compliment the extraor-dinary work of James Wallner for the U.S. Senate. James is one of the most intelligent, diligent, and principled Senate staffers I have ever known. He started in my office as a legislative as-sistant, then was promoted to be my legislative director. He impressed us all with his ability to master complex legislation, to get to the core of an issue, and to intelligently discuss it with regular Alabamians and national experts. He then became the staff di-rector of the Steering Committee, where he also performed superbly. I was able to work closely with him dur-ing this time, also. In these roles, he has combined an acute intellectual in-terest in the Senate rules, along with a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:32 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.081 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5148 July 14, 2016 
strong interest in public policy and practical politics. James knows how rare is the beauty of the American Re-public. He is a student of history and has worked relentlessly to preserve and enrich our heritage of law and policy. He has a brilliant mind and is always thinking. A real conservative in the classical sense, James has constantly worked to undergird our spasmodic po-litical system with the timeless prin-ciples that have made her great. I am a great admirer. James rep-resents the best in public service. He has rock-solid values, and he is unafraid to fight for them. The Sen-ate’s great loss will be the great gain of our most valuable Heritage Founda-tion. There, one can be sure he will continue to be a champion for America. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF SINCLAIR OIL CORPORATION ∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Sinclair Oil on its 100th anniversary of oper-ations. Based in Wyoming, Sinclair Oil is one of the largest privately held, vertically integrated oil companies in America. Sinclair Oil and Refining Corporation was founded in 1916 by Harry Ford Sin-clair. Under his leadership, Sinclair opened America’s first modern service stations in the 1920s. These stations of-fered gasoline, oil changes, car repairs, and, for the first time, public rest-rooms. With the establishment of this network of full service gasoline sta-tions, Americans were finally able to experience what drivers have for nearly a century referred to as ‘‘the long road trip.’’ In the 1930s, the world suffered through the Great Depression. Sinclair Oil continued to operate during those tough times, expanding its national op-erations by acquiring dying competi-tors, and, more importantly, pro-tecting hundreds of jobs at a time when employment was scarce. By 1935, the company had 20,000 employees, 8,100 company-owned or leased service sta-tions, and 14,000 miles of pipelines. It was also during this time that Sin-clair introduced Dino the Dinosaur as the company’s mascot and logo. Dino remains the face of Sinclair Oil and is one of America’s best known oil indus-try mascots. Following the retirement of Mr. Sin-clair in 1948, the company continued to operate under various ownership groups until 1976, when Earl Holding purchased the company’s assets. Earl Holding, like Harry Ford Sinclair, was a self-made man. As was the case of many in his generation, Mr. Holding grew up with nothing during the Great Depression. He learned early on that hard work and dedication to one’s goals was the path to success. Earl Holding’s long business career began in 1952 when he and his wife, Carol, invested in a motel and service station called Little America. Located in a remote area along what is now I– 80 in Wyoming, the Holdings took 2 years to turn their single operation to profitability. They fell in love with Wyoming and the people they met, and it is where they raised their three chil-dren, Anne, Kathleen, and Stephen. With their business successful, they began building the Little America chain of hotels and gas stations that exist throughout the West today. Just prior to the Holding’s purchase of Sin-clair Oil in 1976, Little America became Sinclair Oil’s biggest customer. Today Sinclair Oil remains a vital player in providing American drivers with quality gasoline. Incorporated in Wyoming, the company owns refineries in Casper and Sinclair, WY. There are more than 1,300 Sinclair-branded sta-tions located in 24 States. The com-pany markets high-quality products, including DINOCARETMTOP TIERTM Gasoline through a network of 400 dis-tributors. Sinclair also operates a net-work of pipelines and terminals in the Rocky Mountain and midcontinent re-gions, and the company continues to invest in its workers and operations to insure reliable and affordable products for generations to come. When Earl Holding passed away in 2013, Wyoming lost a remarkable indi-vidual. His love of family and commu-nity, and his commitment to hard work and pursuing one’s dreams, led him to a life of tremendous success and fulfillment. We are fortunate that his legacy con-tinues through the Holding family businesses, particularly Sinclair Oil. Headed by current CEO and chairman of the board, Ross Matthews, the Hold-ing family remains intimately involved in the company’s activities, and the values Earl and Carol Holding lived their working lives by are still re-flected in Sinclair Oil’s company vi-sion: Love of Country, Care for People, Commitment to Safety. I invite all members of the Senate to join me in celebrating the 100-year an-niversary of a truly American com-pany, Sinclair Oil, and wishing the company, its employees, and the Hold-ing family much success in the future. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VAL KUNTZ ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, in the Capitol in Washington, DC, there is a corridor that highlights the discovery and expansion of America. Just above one of the doors, there is a quote that reminds me of the people who have helped shape Montana, and that makes me proud to be a Westerner. The quote from Horace Greenley reads, ‘‘Go West, young men, go West and grow up with the country.’’ Today I honor a man who has grown up in the city of Belgrade, MT. Valen-tine Kuntz was born and raised on the family farm after his parents immi-grated to America from Russia. Folks know him as Val, but many may not know the role he has played in serving and building Belgrade. Val has served his country honorably throughout his life. As a young man he enlisted in the U.S. Army and was sta-tioned in the Pacific theater during World War II. On September 2, 1945, Val was a part of the 200 ships sitting in Pearl Harbor when the Japanese sur-rendered and ended the war. After the war, Val served as a saw-mill operator and business owner in Belgrade. The city of Belgrade owes thanks to Val for his part in con-structing the Catholic church and the goalposts for the Belgrade High School football field. Val was also the entre-preneur behind the first fourplex hous-ing unit in Belgrade. Together, Val and his wife, Betsy, have raised nine children, four of whom inherited the talent and building trades from their father. Today their children continue his legacy by work-ing on construction projects all over the world. However, out of all of his achievements, his children are his pride and joy. On July 23, 2016, Val will celebrate his 90th birthday, surrounded by family and friends. Thank you for the long hours and hard work that helped build Belgrade, MT. I am so grateful for all that you have done and all that your children continue to do, and I wish you a very happy birthday.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO KELLY AND CINDY REID ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, ‘‘If we all do one random act of kindness daily, we just might set the world in the right direction.’’ These are inspir-ing words and a mantra for the Miles City nonprofit Wake Up & Lace Up. But for Kelly and Cindy Reid, this quote is a lifestyle, and for the last 34 years this couple has selflessly volun-teered their time to setting the com-munity of Miles City in the right direc-tion. Together they have brought eco-nomic growth and national recognition to this town of nearly 9,000 people. They are an active couple and have used sports and athletic events to bring people from their community, Mon-tana, and neighboring States together. Cindy uses running and athletics as a powerful motivator. As a survivor of acute myelogenous leukemia, she used exercise as a way to work through her illness. From this experience she co-founded Wake Up & Lace Up, which provides direct funding to eastern Mon-tana family to help cover the costs of cancer treatment. These costs include travel expenses and even wigs to chem-otherapy patients. For one family, they even provided a stroller to accom-modate a family of triplets. When dealt a hard hand, she turned her hardship into an opportunity to extend kindness and has inspired many others to her cause. Altogether the organization has provided nearly $103,000 to 157 patients and their families in Miles City, Forsyth, Colstrip, Hysham, Jordan, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:32 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.094 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5149 July 14, 2016 
Broadus, Baker, Sidney, Plentywood, Fairview, and Circle. Along with her nonprofit, Cindy in-spires young girls through multiple athletic programs in her area. Cindy has coached fifth and sixth grade girls traveling basketball teams, girls’ soft-ball, and track and field at Washington Middle School and Custer County Dis-trict High School. Over the years, she has organized multiple athletic events such as Range Runners, Row Run & Ride, and the Badlands Bowl Fun Run. When she isn’t running, coaching, or raising money, you can find Cindy playing piano at the Sacred Heart Par-ish. Her husband and teammate is Miles City native, Kelly Reid. Over the years Kelly has brought economic growth to Miles City through a variety of busi-nesses and events. After serving 2 years in the Army and working as an air traffic controller in Salt Lake, UT, Kelly moved back to his hometown and has been promoting others to be a part of Miles City ever since. Kelly has coordinated numerous events, including boxing matches with Olympic boxer Todd Foster, concerts with Willie Nelson and Merle Haggard, the 1995 Cattle Drive, and most rec-ognizably the Montana North Dakota All Star Football game. Every year, this game recruits 34 of the best senior players from each State and brings them together in June to raise money for the Knights of Colum-bus. Over 1,500 players have partici-pated since the inaugural game and brings together over 2,500 friends, fami-lies, and fans. The game showcases Montana talent and instills camara-derie and healthy competition into these young men. USA Today even rec-ognized the event as the ‘‘No. 1 Mon-tana Community Event’’ in 1998. They have played an irreplaceable role in the lives of so many. Their good deeds and hard work has affected citi-zens all over Custer County, MT, and North Dakota and improves the lives of Miles City citizens every day. Thank you for the tireless and selfless dedica-tion you have for your community. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING ATHENA TUREK-HANKINS AND DANIEL SAFTNER ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize two of Nevada’s brightest students, Athena Turek- Hankins and Daniel Saftner, on being selected as 2016 recipients of the Ful-bright scholarship. The Fulbright Scholar Program was developed shortly after World War II by former U.S. Senator James William Fulbright to promote the exchange of students in the fields of education, cul-ture, and science. Today the program offers 1,900 grants each year for stu-dents to study in various fields in more than 140 countries worldwide. As a highly competitive and prestigious scholarship, thousands of students and young professionals apply from across the country. I am proud to congratu-late these two students on their achievement. These students are shin-ing examples of how hard work leads to success, and they stand as role models for future members of the Nevada Wolf Pack. Ms. Turek-Hankins recently grad-uated from the University of Nevada, Reno, UNR, as an honors student and received her bachelor’s degree in inter-national affairs with a special empha-sis in Middle Eastern affairs. She also earned a bachelor’s degree in French and a minor in philosophy of ethics, law, and politics. Ms. Turek-Hankins will be teaching English in Luxem-bourg this coming fall through the Ful-bright scholarship and will have the opportunity to expand her knowledge on European economics. Mr. Saftner received his bachelor’s degree from UNR in geology in 2011. His studies focused more specifically on climate change. He is currently pur-suing his master’s degree from the uni-versity in hydrogeology from the Grad-uate Program of Hydrologic Sciences. In addition, he spent 2 years in Cam-eroon, Africa, as a volunteer in the Peace Corps. His Fulbright scholarship will allow him the opportunity to re-turn to Africa in Niger, West Africa. While there, Mr. Saftner will research the variations of groundwater quality in the rural areas of Southwest Niger and participate in a global effort to in-crease access to safe drinking water in developing countries. Today I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating these exceptional young Nevadans. I am proud to have them representing both Nevada and UNR as global ambassadors through the Fulbright scholarship. These stu-dents worked hard for this incredible opportunity, and I wish them the best of luck in their future endeavors. ∑ f 
RECOGNIZING VANDERBURG ELEMENTARY SCHOOL ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate John C. Vanderburg Elementary School on its team of fifth grade students and facilitator selected as a national win-ner in the Student Spaceflight Experi-ments Program, SSEP. This team of students should be proud of its achieve-ment as 1 of 11 national winners se-lected for the opportunity to have their experiment conducted on the Inter-national Space Station. Facilitator William Gilluly and stu-dent investigators Shani Abeyakoon, Kendall Allgower, and Avery Sanford created a winning proposal titled, ‘‘Soybean Germination in Micro-gravity.’’ The experiment seeks to gain further clarity on whether soybeans can be used as a vitamin and nutrient- dense food source for astronauts during long-term space travel. The experiment is expected to be conducted on the space flight scheduled to take place in early 2017. During this time, astronauts will activate the experiment as the stu-dents conduct the same experiment on land, ultimately comparing the results to evaluate the effects of microgravity on the germination of seeds. SSEP is a national science, tech-nology, engineering, and math edu-cational program with the National Center for Earth and Space Science Education, which works to inspire fu-ture generations of scientists and engi-neers. I extend my sincerest congratu-lations to these Nevada students se-lected as winners of the SSEP competi-tion. They stand as role models to fu-ture Vanderburg Elementary students of what hard work and determination can accomplish. I am excited to see local students bringing recognition to both Nevada and Vanderburg Elementary School for their advancement in a national com-petition. These students should be proud to call themselves top con-tenders in a competitive environment. I ask my colleagues to join me and all Nevadans in congratulating Vanderburg Elementary School for its success and honorable representation of Nevada.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO RAY HARRY ∑Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, today I congratulate Ray Harry on his recent retirement after 40 years at Southern Company. Ray started with Southern Company back in 1976 as an environmental li-censing specialist at Gulf Power in his home State of Florida. Since then, he has held numerous senior positions dealing with environmental policy both at Gulf Power and at Southern Com-pany itself. Most recently, he served as senior director of governmental affairs in the company’s Washington, DC, of-fice, responsible for the direction and management of all Federal environ-mental issues. He represented Southern with great distinction before Federal policymakers in both Congress and the executive branch, with international policymaking bodies such as the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, and as part of var-ious coalitions and trade associations in Washington, DC. During his many years of service, I had the privilege of getting to know Ray and of working with him on a number of important environmental issues facing our country. He was al-ways honest, straightforward, and eager to share his deep experience and policy expertise. More than that, his soft-spoken manner and quick, wry sense of humor made him a pleasure to be around. I congratulate Ray on his retirement and wish him and his wife, Sheila, all the best in their coming ad-ventures.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING MORRIS & DICKSON CO., LLC ∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, often-times the truest test of a small business’s strength is its longevity. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:32 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.106 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5150 July 14, 2016 
Louisiana, our small businesses have worked through countless challenges and survived for generations to im-prove the lives of their neighbors and make substantial contributions to the economy. In honor of their 175th anni-versary, I would like to present Morris & Dickson Co., LLC of Shreveport, LA, with the Senate Small Business Legacy Award for the important achievements of this Louisiana-based small business success story. In 1841, John Worthington Morris opened J. W. Morris & Co., an inde-pendent pharmacy in downtown Shreveport, LA. Working out of a sin-gle riverfront warehouse, J.W. first re-ceived goods by steamboat from New Orleans and with the help of his broth-er, Thomas Henry, ran his namesake small business until his death 12 years later. A second generation of the Mor-ris family continued J.W.’s legacy until Claudius Dickson bought the business in 1899, renaming it to be Morris & Dickson Co. Claudius worked with members of the Morris family to grow their wholesale pharmaceutical busi-ness. As technology improved, with new railway lines and gasoline-powered trucks, Morris & Dickson Co. embraced the revolutionary improvements to dis-tribute their pharmaceuticals in Lou-isiana and the surrounding States. In order to survive the Civil War, the Great Depression, as well as the day- to-day struggles of running a success-ful business, the leaders of Morris & Dickson Co. took advantage of each technological improvement to ensure the company would stay afloat. It wasn’t until the 1980s that Morris & Dickson Co. grew exponentially and became a nationally recognized com-petitor. At the time, Morris & Dickson Co. was working out of the same build-ing it had first moved into in 1905. Nearly eight decades later, they were still transporting goods in a manual freight elevator and used a dumbwaiter or rope bucket to send orders upstairs. Claudius’s son Markham Allen Dickson recognized that major changes had to be made and, much like his prede-cessors, had an immense respect for technology’s growing influence. M. Al-len’s foresight and ingenuity allowed the family-owned business to grow to become the region’s leading wholesale drug distributor. He moved the com-pany out of downtown Shreveport, uti-lized the early use of computers, and under his leadership, Morris & Dickson Co. exploded on the national wholesale pharmaceutical scene. By 2013, Morris & Dickson Co. was the fourth largest pharmaceutical distributor in the na-tion. Still driven by the 175-year old ambi-tion to elevate the standard of patient care for their neighbors and commu-nity, today Morris & Dickson Co. is run by M. Allen’s son, Paul Dickson. Mor-ris & Dickson Co. has a well-earned reputation for persevering through many hardships by embracing innova-tion in order to harness the power of an ever-changing economy and increas-ingly technology driven world. Today Morris & Dickson Co. provides operational and logistic innovation support for independent pharmacies. This includes everything from on-time delivery of pharmaceutical inventory to inventory management software. With Morris & Dickson Co.’s help, inde-pendent pharmacies in 14 States can focus on supporting and improving the health of their local communities, while also remaining financially sol-vent. This Shreveport-based family-run business is a great example of the American Dream in action, and compa-nies like Morris & Dickson certainly serve as role models for the next gen-eration of entrepreneurs. I congratu-late the hard-working folks at Morris & Dickson Co., LLC, on 175 years in business and for the well-deserved honor of the Senate Small Business Legacy Award.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting nominations which were referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations. (The message received today is print-ed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 9:32 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, with amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 304. An act to improve motor vehicle safety by encouraging the sharing of certain information. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate: 
H.R. 5119. An act to prohibit the obligation or expenditure of funds available to any Fed-eral department or agency for any fiscal year to purchase or issue a license for the pur-chase of heavy water produced in Iran. H.R. 5722. An act to establish the John F. Kennedy Centennial Commission. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 10:21 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 2840. An act to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training, and for other purposes. H.R. 636. An act to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. H.R. 4875. An act to establish the United States Semiquincentennial Commission, and for other purposes. The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 11:36 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 524. An act to authorize the Attorney General and Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to address the pre-scription opioid abuse and heroin use crisis, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 2:33 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 5588. An act to increase, effective as of December 1, 2016, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 4:28 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, without amend-ment: 
S. 2893. An act to reauthorize the sound re-cording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other pur-poses. S. 3055. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide a dental insurance plan to veterans and survivors and depend-ents of veterans. S. 3207. An act to authorize the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to provide playback equipment in all formats. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate: 
H.R. 4992. An act to codify regulations re-lating to transfers of funds involving Iran, and for other purposes. H.R. 5631. An act to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the amendment of the House to the bill (S. 764) to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:32 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.085 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5151 July 14, 2016 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 805. An act to provide for certain re-quirements relating to the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority stewardship transition; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 1560. An act to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced shar-ing of information about cybersecurity threats, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance multi-directional sharing of information related to cybersecu-rity risks and strengthen privacy and civil liberties protections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 1567. An act to authorize a com-prehensive, strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to developing coun-tries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food security and improved nutri-tion, promote inclusive, sustainable agricul-tural-led economic growth, improve nutri-tional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resilience among vulnerable populations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 1732. An act to preserve existing rights and responsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. H.R. 1734. An act to amend subtitle D of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to encourage recovery and beneficial use of coal combus-tion residuals and establish requirements for the proper management and disposal of coal combustion residuals that are protective of human health and the environment; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. H.R. 2646. An act to make available needed psychiatric, psychological, and supportive services for individuals with mental illness and families in mental health crisis, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 3460. An act to suspend until January 21, 2017, the authority of the President to waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of sanc-tions pursuant to an agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 3495. An act to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow for greater State flexibility with respect to excluding providers who are involved in abortions; to the Committee on Finance. H.R. 4084. An act to enable civilian re-search and development of advanced nuclear energy technologies by private and public in-stitutions and to expand theoretical and practical knowledge of nuclear physics, chemistry, and materials science; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 4444. An act to amend the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act to exclude power supply circuits, drivers, and devices designed to be connected to, and power, light-emitting diodes or organic light-emitting diodes pro-viding illumination from energy conserva-tion standards for external power supplies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 4470. An act to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act with respect to the require-ments related to lead in drinking water, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. H.R. 4992. An act to codify regulations re-lating to transfers of funds involving Iran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 5119. An act to prohibit the obligation or expenditure of funds available to any Fed-eral department or agency for any fiscal year to purchase or issue a license for the pur-chase of heavy water produced in Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 5631. An act to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bills were read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 10. An act to reauthorize the Scholar-ships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes. H.R. 4465. An act to decrease the deficit by consolidating and selling Federal buildings and other civilian real property, and for other purposes. H.R. 4487. An act to reduce costs of Federal real estate, improve building security, and for other purposes. H.R. 4901. An act to reauthorize the Schol-arships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes. 
The following bills were read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 897. An act to amend the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes. H.R. 2042. An act to allow for judicial re-view of any final rule addressing carbon di-oxide emissions from existing fossil fuel- fired electric utility generating units before requiring compliance with such rule, and to allow States to protect households and busi-nesses from significant adverse effects on electricity ratepayers or reliability. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, July 14, 2016, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 524. An act to authorize the Attorney General and Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to address the pre-scription opioid abuse and heroin use crisis, and for other purposes. S. 2840. An act to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6155. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of an of-ficer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of major general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6156. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Air Force, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to the Program Acquisition Unit Cost (PAUC) breach for the Next Generation Operational Control System (OCX); to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6157. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting, pursuant to law, the National Guard Youth Challenge Pro-gram 2015 annual report; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6158. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting, pursuant to law, the 2015 annual report relative to the STARBASE Program; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6159. A communication from the Acting Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of an of-ficer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6160. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rules of Practice and Procedure’’ (RIN3064– AE43) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 11, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–6161. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Record Retention Requirements’’ (RIN3064– AE25) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 11, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–6162. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Treatment of Financial Assets Transferred in Connection With a Securitization or Par-ticipation’’ (RIN3064–AE38) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 11, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6163. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Land and Minerals Man-agement, Office of Surface Mining Reclama-tion and Enforcement, Department of the In-terior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Oil and Gas and Sul-fur Operations on the Outer Continental Shelf—Requirements for Exploratory Drill-ing on the Arctic Outer Continental Shelf’’ ((RIN1082–AA00) (Docket ID BSEE–2013–0011)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–6164. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality Designations for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) Primary National Am-bient Air Quality Standard - Round 2’’ (FRL No. 9948–87–OAR) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 8, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6165. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–037); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6166. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–028); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:32 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.014 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5152 July 14, 2016 
EC–6167. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 16–017); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6168. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–077); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6169. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2016–0084—2016–0086); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–6170. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Bureau of the Fiscal Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Sale and Issue of Marketable Book-Entry Treasury Bills, Notes, and Bonds’’ (31 CFR Part 356) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 11, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6171. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Setting Forth Rules for the DL Program and 6-year Reme-dial Amendment Cycle System’’ (Rev. Proc. 2016–37) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 11, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6172. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–89; Introduction’’ (FAC 2005–89) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6173. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Small Business Subcontracting Improvements’’ ((RIN9000–AM91) (FAC 2005– 89)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–6174. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Technical Amendments’’ (FAC 2005–89) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–6175. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–89; Small Entity Compliance Guide’’ (FAC 2005–89) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6176. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Revision to Standard Forms for Bonds’’ ((RIN9000–AN11) (FAC 2005–89)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6177. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; FPI Blanket Waiver Threshold’’ ((RIN9000–AN22) (FAC 2005–89)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6178. A communication from the Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; OMB Circular Citation Update’’ ((RIN9000–AN17) (FAC 2005–89)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6179. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Economic Impact and Diver-sity, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s amended fiscal year 2015 report relative to the Notifi-cation and Federal Employee Antidiscrimi-nation and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6180. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–429, ‘‘Fair Shot Minimum Wage Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–6181. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–430, ‘‘New Bethany Baptist Church Real Property Tax Exemption Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6182. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–431, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Cul-tivation Center Expansion Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6183. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–432, ‘‘Sale to Minors Penalty Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6184. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–443, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Second Revised Budget Request Temporary Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–6185. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–444, ‘‘Sale of Synthetic Drugs Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–6186. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–445, ‘‘Mandatory Driver In-struction Regulation Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6187. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–446, ‘‘Fieldstone Lane Des-ignation Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6188. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–447, ‘‘Carry’s Way and Guethler’s Court Designation Act of 2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6189. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Grants to Tribal Colleges and Univer-sities and Dine College’’ (RIN1076–AF08) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 11, 2016; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–6190. A communication from the Office Program Manager, Office of Regulation Pol-icy and Management, Department of Vet-erans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Authority to Solicit Gifts and Donations’’ (RIN2900–AP75) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 11, 2016; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–6191. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief of the Cybersecurity and Commu-nications Reliability Division, Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Part 4 - Disruptions to Communications’’ ((FCC 16–63) (PS Docket Nos. 15–80, 11–82, and ET Docket No. 04–35)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 12, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6192. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Transportation Security Ad-ministration, Department of Homeland Se-curity, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the Administration’s deci-sion to enter into a contract with a private security screening company to provide screening services at Charles M. Schulz- Sonoma County Airport (STS); to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6193. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.622(i), Post-Transition Table of DTV Allotments, Television Broad-cast Stations (Cordele, Georgia)’’ ((MB Dock-et No. 16–123) (DA 16–711)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6194. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.622(i), Post-Transition Table of DTV Allotments, Television Broad-cast Stations (Tolleson, Arizona)’’ ((MB Docket No. 16–93) (DA 16–713)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 8, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6195. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Transportation Security Ad-ministration, Department of Homeland Se-curity, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the Administration’s deci-sion to enter into a contract with a private security screening company to provide screening services at San Francisco Inter-national Airport (SFO); to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:32 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.017 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5153 July 14, 2016 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–197. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of New Hampshire urging the United States Con-gress, pursuant to Article V of the United States Constitution, to call a convention of the states for the sole and exclusive purpose of proposing an amendment to the United States Constitution that would provide for a balanced budget; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION 40 Whereas, with each passing year this na-tion becomes deeply in debt as its expendi-tures grossly and repeatedly exceed available revenues so that the public debt now exceeds $12 trillion; and Whereas, attempts to limit spending, in-cluding the impoundment of funds by the President of the United States, have resulted in strenuous assertions that the responsi-bility for appropriations is the constitu-tional duty of the Congress; and Whereas, the annual federal budget repeat-edly demonstrates the unwillingness or in-ability of both the legislative and executive branches of the federal government to cur-tail spending to conform to available reve-nues; and Whereas, the unified budget does not re-flect actual spending because of the exclu-sion of special outlays which are not in the budget; and Whereas, knowledgeable planning and fis-cal prudence require that the budget reflect all federal spending and that the budget be in balance; and Whereas, believing that fiscal irrespon-sibility at the federal level is one of the greatest economic threats which faces our nation, we firmly believe that constitutional restraint is necessary to bring the fiscal dis-cipline needed to reverse this trend; and Whereas, the mounting debt level is put-ting our country not only at economic secu-rity risk, but it is opening our country up to a national security risk as our debt level re-stricts our capacity to act and shows weak-ness to our enemies; and Whereas, under Article V of the Constitu-tion of the United States, amendments to the United States Constitution may be pro-posed by the Congress whenever two-thirds of both Houses deem it necessary, or on the application of the legislatures of two-thirds of the several states the Congress shall call a constitutional convention for the purpose of proposing amendments; Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives, the Senate concurring: That the New Hampshire general court hereby petitions the Congress of the United States of America to adopt an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, for submission to the states for ratification, re-quiring, with certain exceptions, that for each fiscal year the president of the United States submit and the Congress of the United States adopt a balanced federal budg-et; or That pursuant to Article V of the Constitu-tion of the United States, the New Hamp-shire general court makes application to the Congress of the United States of America to call a convention for the specific and exclu-sive purpose of proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, for submission to the states for ratification, re-quiring, with certain exceptions, that for each fiscal year the president of the United States submit and the Congress of the United States adopt a balanced federal budg-et; and That if Congress adopts, within 90 days after the legislatures of two-thirds of the states have made application for such con-vention, an amendment to the Constitution of the United States similar in subject mat-ter to that contained in this resolution, then this application for a convention shall no longer be of any force or effect; and That this application and request be deemed null and void, rescinded, and of no ef-fect in the event that such convention not be limited to the aforementioned specific and exclusive purpose of a Federal Balanced Budget Amendment; and That this application shall be deemed null and void, rescinded, and of no effect in the event the United States Supreme Court rules that a convention cannot be limited to the subject stated in 34 such applications; and That this application by the New Hamp-shire general court constitutes a continuing application in accordance with Article V of the Constitution of the United States until at least two-thirds of the Legislatures of the several states have made application for a similar convention pursuant to Article V or Congress has proposed an amendment to the Constitution of the United States similar in subject matter to that contained in this con-current resolution; and That certified copies of this concurrent resolution be transmitted by the house clerk to the President of the United States Senate, to the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, to each member of the New Hampshire delegation to the Congress, and to the presiding officer of each house of each state legislature in the United States. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 1475. A bill to authorize a Wall of Re-membrance as part of the Korean War Vet-erans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund that Wall of Remem-brance. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: H.R. 3004. A bill to amend the Gullah Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah Geechee Cul-tural Heritage Corridor Commission. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and an amendment to the title and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 485. A resolution to encourage the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to abide by constitutional provi-sions regarding the holding of presidential elections in 2016, with the aim of ensuring a peaceful and orderly democratic transition of power. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: S. Res. 515. A resolution welcoming Prime Minister Lee Hsien-Loong to the United States and reaffirming Singapore’s strategic partnership with the United States, encom-passing broad and robust economic, military- to-military, law enforcement, and counter-terrorism cooperation. S. Res. 524. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate on the conflict in Yemen. By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: S. 3028. A bill to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilder-ness. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with amendments: S. Con. Res. 41. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress on the Peshmerga of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment: S. Con. Res. 42. A concurrent resolution to express the sense of Congress regarding the safe and expeditious resettlement to Albania of all residents of Camp Liberty. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: S. Con. Res. 46. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to continue to reaffirm its commit-ment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holo-caust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs. f EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on Foreign Relations. *Anne Hall, of Maine, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Min-ister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Lith-uania. Nominee: Anne Hall. Post: COM Lithuania. The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate. Contributions amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: none. 2. Spouse: n/a. 3. Children and Spouses: n/a. 4. Parents: Rose Anne Hall: none, Bradford Allyn Hall: none. 5, Grandparents: Mona J. Greenlaw (de-ceased), Lloyd S. Greenlaw (deceased), Mil-ton Bradford Hall (deceased), Minna S. Hall (deceased). 6. Brothers and Spouses: n/a. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Susan Hall and Scott Rodgers: none. *Lawrence Robert Silverman, of Massa-chusetts, a Career Member of the Senior For-eign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the State of Kuwait. Nominee: Lawrence Robert Silverman. Post: Kuwait. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: 0. 2. Spouse: 0. 3. Children and Spouses: 0. 4. Parents: 0. 5. Grandparents: N/A. 6. Brothers and Spouses: 0. 7. Sisters and Spouses: N/A. 
*Carol Z. Perez, of Virginia, a Career Mem-ber of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Oct 13, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\JUL2016\S14JY6.REC S14JY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5154 July 14, 2016 
Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Chile. Nominee: Carol Zelis Perez. Post: Chile. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: none. 2. Spouse: Abelardo I. Perez: (see continu-ation sheet). 3. Children and Spouses: Michael Perez: none; Caroline Berry: none; Jacob Berry: none; Marisa Perez: none. 4. Parents: John Zelis: none; Irene Zelis: none; 5. Grandparents: Frances Grabowksi—de-ceased; Joseph Grabowski—deceased; John Zelis—deceased; Helen Zelis—deceased. 
*Geoffrey R. Pyatt, of California, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Greece. Nominee: Geoffrey R. Pyatt. Post: Athens. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: none. 2. Spouse: none. 3. Children and Spouses: Mary D. Pyatt, William R. Pyatt, Claire M. Pyatt: none. 4. Parents: Kedar D. Pyatt, Jr., Mary M. Pyatt: none. 5. Grandparents: N/A. 6. Brothers and Spouses: David B. Pyatt/ Jamie Pyatt: none. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Kira & Eric Lynch, Rebecca & Darren Quinn: none. 
*Douglas Alan Silliman, of Texas, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Iraq. Nominee: Douglas Alan Silliman. Post: Ambassador to the Republic of Iraq. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: none. 2. Spouse: Catherine R. Silliman: none. 3. Children and Spouses: Benjamin D. Silliman: none; Zachary J. Silliman: none. 4. Parents: Robert H. Silliman: none; Elsie P. Skidmore Silliman: (deceased). 5. Grandparents: Chauncey H. Silliman (de-ceased); Mildred Silliman (deceased); Roy H. Skidmore (deceased); Pearl H. B. Skidmore (deceased). 6. Brothers and Spouses: Gregory S. Silliman: none; Mary Adelsberger: none. 7. Sisters and Spouses: none. 
*Marie L. Yovanovitch, of Connecticut, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Serv-ice, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Ukraine. Nominee: Marie Louise Yovanovitch. Post: Kyiv. Nominated: 5/19/16. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: none. 2. Spouse: N/A. 3. Children and Spouses: N/A. 4. Parents: Nadia Yovanovitch, $1.00, 5/3/16, Woman Card/Hillary for America; Michel Yovanovitch, Deceased. 5. Grandparents: Michael & Louise Theokritoff, Deceased; Ivan & Maria Yovanovitch, Deceased. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Andre Yovanovitch. Sisters and Spouses: N/A. *Peter Michael McKinley, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Serv-ice, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Fed-erative Republic of Brazil. Nominee: Peter Michael McKinley. Post: Embassy Kabul (current). (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: none. 2. Spouse: Fatima McKinley: none. 3. Children and Spouses: Peter McKinley: None; Claire McKinley: none; Sarah McKin-ley: none. 4. Parents: Peter McKinley (father): My fa-ther, who is 89 this year, remembers giving about $20 a year to the Republican National Committee and $20 a year to the Connecticut Republicans. He remembers doing so each of the past four years (back to 2010). He does not keep past records. He did give $15 to the National Republican Congressional Com-mittee on March 28, 2014; Enriqueta McKin-ley (mother): Deceased, 2001. Grandparents: Lindsay and Marjorie McKinley: Deceased before 1990; Francisco and Vicenta Liano: Deceased before 1960. Brothers and Spouses: Brian McKinley: none; Rocio McKinley (spouse): none. Sisters and Spouses: Margaret McKinley: $25, 2011, Democratic CCC. $45, 2013, Demo-cratic CCC; Hyde Clark (spouse): none. 
*Mark Sobel, of Virginia, to be United States Executive Director of the Inter-national Monetary Fund for a term of two years. By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Jennifer Klemetsrud Puhl, of North Da-kota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit. Donald C. Coggins, Jr., of South Carolina, to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina. David C. Nye, of Idaho, to be United States District Judge for the District of Idaho. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: By Mr. CARDIN: S. 3210. A bill to identify and combat cor-ruption in countries, to establish a tiered system of countries with respect to levels of corruption by their governments and their efforts to combat such corruption, and to as-sess United States assistance to designated countries in order to advance anti-corrup-tion efforts in those countries and better serve United States taxpayers; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ): S. 3211. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a national Oncology Medical Home Demonstration Project under the Medicare program for the purpose of changing the Medicare payment for cancer care in order to enhance the qual-ity of care and to improve cost efficiency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ): S. 3212. A bill to require the Secretary of Agriculture to establish a program to recog-nize farms that have been in continuous op-eration for 100 years; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and Mrs. F
ISCHER ): S. 3213. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide for transparency of payments made from the Judgment Fund; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 3214. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to allow all eligible voters to vote by mail in Federal elections, to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to provide for automatic voter reg-istration; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 3215. A bill to amend the Home Mort-gage Disclosure Act of 1975 to specify which depository institutions are subject to the maintenance of records and disclosure re-quirements of such Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , and Mr. L EAHY ): S. 3216. A bill to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation’’; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ): S. 3217. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for an annuity sup-plement for certain air traffic controllers; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 3218. A bill to remove the limitation on certain amounts for which large non-rural hospitals may be reimbursed under the Healthcare Connect Fund of the Federal Communications Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 3219. A bill to provide standards for physical condition and management of hous-ing receiving assistance payments under sec-tion 8 of the United States Housing Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:25 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.054 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5155 July 14, 2016 
1937; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mrs. SHAHEEN: S. 3220. A bill to amend the Fair Housing Act to establish that certain conduct, in or around a dwelling, shall be considered to be severe or pervasive for purposes of deter-mining whether a certain type of sexual har-assment has occurred under that Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ): S. 3221. A bill to withdraw certain Bureau of Land Management land from mineral de-velopment; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Ms. C ANT-
WELL ): S. 3222. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to assess sanitation and safety conditions at Bureau of Indian Affairs facili-ties that were constructed to provide treaty tribes access to traditional fishing grounds and expend funds on construction of facili-ties and structures to improve those condi-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. L EAHY , and Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ): S. 3223. A bill to increase funding to reduce opioid use disorders and overdose, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): S. 3224. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to add certain synthetic sub-stances to schedule I, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MARKEY: S. 3225. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to require the Attorney General to make procurement quotas for opioid anal-gesics publicly available, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. K
ING): S. 3226. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a registry of certain veterans who participated in a radi-ation cleanup mission in the Enewetak Atoll in the Marshall Islands during the period be-ginning on January 1, 1977, and ending on De-cember 31, 1980, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. 3227. A bill to direct the President to es-tablish an interagency mechanism to coordi-nate United States development programs and private sector investment activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. S
COTT): S. 3228. A bill to require the Secretary of the Army to conduct a study of coastal areas in the South Atlantic Division of the Corps of Engineers to identify risks and vulnerabilities of those areas as a result of seas level rise, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 3229. A bill to amend the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act to adjust limitations on certain Farm Service Agency guaranteed and direct loans; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. By Mr. KING (for himself and Ms. A
YOTTE ): S. 3230. A bill to amend the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965 to establish an initiative, carried out by the Assistant Secretary for Aging, to coordinate Federal efforts and pro-grams for home modifications enabling older individuals to live independently and safely in a home environment, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. BOOKER ): S. 3231. A bill to establish a policy frame-work that offers and rewards work, strength-ens the incentive to work, greatly reduces poverty, and creates new jobs in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. MARKEY: S. 3232. A bill to revise repayment terms for certain loans made under the Lowell Na-tional Historical Park Historic Preservation Loan Program; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. KING (for himself and Mr. B
URR): S. 3233. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make the Child and De-pendent Care Tax Credit fully refundable, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 3234. A bill to amend the Native Amer-ican Business Development, Trade Pro-motion, and Tourism Act of 2000, the Buy In-dian Act, the Indian Trader Act, and the Na-tive American Programs Act of 1974 to pro-vide industry and economic development op-portunities to Indian communities; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. 3235. A bill to grant the Congressional Gold Medal to the troops who defended Ba-taan during World War II; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. 3236. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a system to educate individuals approaching Medicare eligibility, to simplify and modernize the eli-gibility enrollment process, and to provide for additional assistance for complaints and requests of Medicare beneficiaries that re-late to their enrollment in the Medicare pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. 3237. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reform the low-income housing credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. W
ICKER ): S. 3238. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to ensure that electrochromic glass qualifies as energy property for purposes of the energy credit; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 3239. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to establish a pro-gram to provide additional incentives for the development of new drugs to treat pediatric cancers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , and Mr. I SAKSON ): S. 3240. A bill to prohibit the use of pre-miums paid to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation as an offset for other Federal spending; to the Committee on the Budget. By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. F RANKEN , and Ms. H IRONO ): S. 3241. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to reaffirm the United States historic commitment to protecting refugees who are fleeing persecution or tor-ture; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. AYOTTE: S. 3242. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide the opportunity for responsible health savings to all Amer-ican families; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. GARDNER: S. 3243. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to help rebuild and renew rural communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself and Mr. BENNET ): S. 3244. A bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to clarify the treatment of pediatric dental coverage in the individual and group markets outside of Ex-changes established under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. B
URR): S. 3245. A bill to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to extend ad-vanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialist programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. HIRONO: S. 3246. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend authority for oper-ation of the Department of Veterans Affairs Regional Office in Manila, the Republic of the Philippines; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. WYDEN: S. 3247. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude corporations op-erating prisons from the definition of taxable REIT subsidiary; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ): S. 3248. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make qualified biogas property and qualified manure resource re-covery property eligible for the energy credit and to permit new clean renewable energy bonds to finance qualified biogas property, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ): S. 3249. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend authorities relating to homeless veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. UDALL: S. 3250. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reform the system of public financing for Presidential elections, to establish a system of public financing for Presidential elections, to establish a system of public financing for Congressional elec-tions, to promote the disclosure of disburse-ments made in coordination with campaigns for election for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. By Mr. COTTON (for himself, Ms. A
YOTTE , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. J
OHNSON , and Mr. B URR): S. 3251. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide an exemption to the individual mandate to maintain health coverage for certain individuals whose pre-mium has increased by more than 10 percent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , and Mr. D URBIN ): S. 3252. A bill to require States to auto-matically register eligible voters to vote in elections for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.025 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5156 July 14, 2016 
By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. H
OEVEN , and Mrs. E RNST ): S. 3253. A bill to require the Occupational Safety and Health Administration to provide notice and comment rulemaking for the re-vised enforcement policy relating to the ex-emption of retail facilities from coverage of the process safety management of highly hazardous chemicals standard under section 1910.119(a)(2)(i) of title 29, Code of Federal Regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. R
OUNDS ): S. 3254. A bill to provide for a land ex-change involving certain National Forest System land in the State of South Dakota, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. TOOMEY: S. 3255. A bill to gather information about the illicit production of illicit fentanyl in foreign countries and to withhold bilateral assistance from countries that do not have emergency scheduling procedures for new il-licit drugs, cannot prosecute criminals for the manufacture or distribution of con-trolled substance analogues, or do not re-quire the registration of tableting machines and encapsulating machines; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. M ARKEY , and Ms. C OL-
LINS): S. 3256. A bill to amend the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 to provide assistance for de-veloping countries to promote quality basic education and to establish the goal of all children in school and learning as an objec-tive of the United States foreign assistance policy, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. 3257. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently modify the limitations on the deduction of interest by financial institutions which hold tax-exempt bonds, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. R
OUNDS ): S. 3258. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Re-porting Act and the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act to delay the inclusion in con-sumer credit reports and to establish re-quirements for debt collectors with respect to medical debt information of veterans due to inappropriate or delayed billing payments or reimbursements from the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL: S. 3259. A bill to establish scientific stand-ards and protocols across forensic dis-ciplines, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. K
ING, Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. R OBERTS ): S. 3260. A bill to provide liability protec-tion for volunteer pilots who fly for the pub-lic benefit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , and Mr. U DALL ): S. 3261. A bill to establish a business incu-bators program within the Department of the Interior to promote economic develop-ment in Indian reservation communities; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ): S. 3262. A bill to treat all controlled sub-stance analogues, other than chemical sub-stances subject to the Toxic Substances Con-trol Act, as controlled substances in sched-ule I regardless of whether they are intended for human consumption; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. UDALL , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. W AR-
NER): S. 3263. A bill to promote innovation and realize the efficiency gains and economic benefits of on-demand computing by accel-erating the acquisition and deployment of innovative technology and computing re-sources throughout the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. K
ING, Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ): S. 3264. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the credit for production of electricity from renewable re-sources to allow a credit for certain open- loop biomass and trash facilities placed in service before the date of the enactment of this Act and to modify the definition of mu-nicipal solid waste; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. MENENDEZ: S. 3265. A bill to improve rail passenger safety by prohibiting individuals convicted of driving under the influence from holding a license or certification authorizing them to operate a commuter train; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. S TABENOW , and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. 3266. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from taxable in-come any student loan forgiveness or dis-charge; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C
OTTON , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ): S. 3267. A bill to protect against threats posed by Iran to the United States and allies of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. H ELLER ): S. 3268. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to require all United States entities to have an employer identification number issued by the Secretary of the Treas-ury, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. T
ILLIS ): S. 3269. A bill to require the Attorney Gen-eral to make a determination as to whether cannabidiol should be a controlled substance and listed in a schedule under the Controlled Substances Act and to expand research on the potential medical benefits of cannabidiol and other marijuana components; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. B ENNET ): S. 3270. A bill to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice sys-tem’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. 3271. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 regarding dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams and early college high schools; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CORNYN: S. 3272. A bill to provide that members of the Armed Forces performing services in the Sinai Peninsula of Egypt shall be entitled to tax benefits in the same manner as if such services were performed in a combat zone; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. SULLIVAN ): S. 3273. A bill to make technical correc-tions to the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. 3274. A bill to counter foreign disinformation and propaganda, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. KIRK: S. 3275. A bill to increase the maximum guaranteed benefits with respect to certain participants of a pilots’ pension plan; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. L EE, Mr. W ICKER , Mr. V IT-
TER, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. S ES-
SIONS ): S. 3276. A bill to make habitual drunk driv-ers inadmissible and removable and to re-quire the detention of any alien who is un-lawfully present in the United States and has been charged with driving under the in-fluence or driving while intoxicated; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. C
ORNYN , and Mr. M URPHY ): S. 3277. A bill to provide penalties for coun-tries that systematically and unreasonably refuse or delay repatriation of certain na-tionals and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. 3278. A bill to establish an improved reg-ulatory process to prevent the introduction and establishment in the United States of in-jurious wildlife; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. K ING, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , and Ms. W ARREN ): S. 3279. A bill to realign structures and re-allocate resources in the Federal Govern-ment in keeping with the core belief that families are the best protection for children and the bedrock of any society to bolster United States diplomacy targeted at ensur-ing that every child can grow up in a perma-nent, safe, nurturing, and loving family, and to ensure that intercountry adoption to the United States becomes a viable and fully de-veloped option for providing families for children in need, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. 3280. A bill to provide for a Public Health Emergency Fund, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. REID (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. W
YDEN , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. B OOKER ): S. 3281. A bill to extend the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Ms. C
ANT-
WELL , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ): S. 3282. A bill to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.028 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5157 July 14, 2016 
and for other purposes; considered and passed. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 3283. A bill to designate the community- based outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Pueblo, Colorado, as the ‘‘PFC James Dunn VA Clinic’’; considered and passed. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S.J. Res. 37. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule re-lating to the extent to which an employer may offer an inducement to an employee for the employee’s spouse to provide informa-tion about the spouse’s manifestation of dis-ease or disorder in connection with an em-ployer-sponsored wellness program; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S.J. Res. 38. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule re-lating to the extent to which employers may use incentives to encourage employees to participate in wellness programs that ask the employees to respond to disability-re-lated inquiries or undergo medical examina-tions; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. Res. 535. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the trafficking of illicit fentanyl into the United States from Mexico and China; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. Res. 536. A resolution proclaiming the week of October 30 through November 5, 2016, as ‘‘National Obesity Care Week’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K IRK, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mrs. B OXER , and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. Res. 537. A resolution expressing pro-found concern about the ongoing political, economic, social and humanitarian crisis in Venezuela, urging the release of political prisoners, and calling for respect of constitu-tional and democratic processes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. Res. 538. A resolution designating Sep-tember 2016 as ‘‘National Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CORNYN: S. Res. 539. A resolution condemning the horrific acts of violence and hatred in Dallas, Texas, on July 7, 2016, and expressing support and prayers for all those impacted by the tragedy; considered and agreed to. By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ): S. Res. 540. A resolution commending the officers of the Commissioned Corps of the Public Health Service for their work in fighting Ebola; considered and agreed to. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. SCHATZ ): S. Res. 541. A resolution recognizing the 100th anniversary of the establishment of Hawaii Volcanoes National Park and Haleakala National Park in the State of Ha-waii, and designating August 1, 2016, as ‘‘Ha-waii Volcanoes and Haleakala National Parks Day’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ): S. Res. 542. A resolution recognizing the 70th anniversary and the importance of the Lanham Act by designating July 2016 as ‘‘Na-tional Anti-Counterfeiting Consumer Edu-cation and Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. T
HUNE , and Mr. N ELSON ): S. Res. 543. A resolution commemorating the past success of the United States Olym-pic and Paralympic Teams and supporting the United States Olympic and Paralympic Teams in the 2016 Olympic Games and Paralympic Games; considered and agreed to. By Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. R UBIO): S. Res. 544. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding compliance en-forcement of Russian violations of the Open Skies Treaty; considered and agreed to. By Ms. STABENOW: S. Res. 545. A resolution supporting the designation of July 15, 2016, as ‘‘Leiomyosarcoma Awareness Day’’; consid-ered and agreed to. By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ): S. Res. 546. A resolution honoring the cen-tennial of the United States Grain Standards Act; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. Res. 547. A resolution recognizing the 75th anniversary of the American Tree Farm System; considered and agreed to. By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. T HUNE , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. C
RUZ): S. Res. 548. A resolution celebrating the 40th anniversary of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s Viking Mission Landing on the surface of Mars; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, and Mr. M URPHY ): S. Con. Res. 48. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the Italian Supreme Court of Cassation should domesticate and recognize judgments issued by United States courts on behalf of United States victims of terrorism, and that the Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs should cease its political interference with Italy’s independent judiciary, which it carries out in the interests of state sponsors of ter-rorism such as the Islamic Republic of Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, and Mr. H EINRICH ): S. Con. Res. 49. A concurrent resolution supporting efforts to stop the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cultural items of Indians, Alaska Na-tives, and Native Hawaiians in the United States and internationally; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. M
CCONNELL: S. Con. Res. 50. A concurrent resolution providing for an adjournment of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 366 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. CARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 366, a bill to require Senate can-didates to file designations, state-ments, and reports in electronic form. 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 386, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of employees for em-ployment duties performed in other States. 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide for 12-month continuous en-rollment under Medicaid and the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 493 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 493, a bill to reduce a portion of the annual pay of Members of Congress for the failure to adopt a concurrent reso-lution on the budget which does not provide for a balanced budget, and for other purposes. 
S. 540 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 540, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to require the Secretary of Agriculture to make loan guarantees and grants to finance certain improve-ments to school lunch facilities, to train school food service personnel, and for other purposes. 
S. 569 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 569, a bill to reauthorize the farm to school program, and for other purposes. 
S. 591 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 591, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 613 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 613, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the efficiency of summer meals. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coin-surance under Medicare for colorectal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:41 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.030 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5158 July 14, 2016 
cancer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is re-quired during the screening. 
S. 681 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the exposure of certain vet-erans who served in the vicinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 706 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 706, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require institu-tions of higher education to have an independent advocate for campus sex-ual assault prevention and response. 
S. 713 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 713, a bill to prevent international violence against women, and for other purposes. 
S. 773 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 773, a bill to prevent harass-ment at institutions of higher edu-cation, and for other purposes. 
S. 968 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 968, a bill to require the Commis-sioner of Social Security to revise the medical and evaluation criteria for de-termining disability in a person diag-nosed with Huntington’s Disease and to waive the 24-month waiting period for Medicare eligibility for individuals dis-abled by Huntington’s Disease. 
S. 1042 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1042, a bill to amend the Outer Con-tinental Shelf Lands Act to perma-nently prohibit the conduct of offshore drilling on the outer Continental Shelf in the Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic, and North Atlantic planning areas. 
S. 1088 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the names of the Senator from Colo-rado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1088, a bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to provide for voter registration through the Internet, and for other purposes. 
S. 1139 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1139, a bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to require States to provide for same day registration. At the request of Mr. B
ENNET , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1139, supra. S. 1176 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 1176, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform the system of public financing for Pres-idential elections, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1378 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1378, a bill to strengthen employee cost savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government. 
S. 1476 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1476, a bill to require States to report to the Attorney Gen-eral certain information regarding shooting incidents involving law en-forcement officers, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1538 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) and the Senator from Ha-waii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1538, a bill to reform the financing of Senate elections, and for other purposes. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform tax-ation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1664 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1664, a bill to count revenues from military and veteran education programs toward the limit on Federal revenues that certain proprietary insti-tutions of higher education are allowed to receive for purposes of section 487 of the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 1709 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1709, a bill to reduce risks to the fi-nancial system by limiting banks’ abil-ity to engage in certain risky activities and limiting conflicts of interest, to re-instate certain Glass-Steagall Act pro-tections that were repealed by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1737 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1737, a bill to provide an incentive for businesses to bring jobs back to America. 
S. 1883 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. LEAHY ), the Senator from Michi-gan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) were added as cosponsors of S. 1883, a bill to maxi-mize discovery, and accelerate develop-ment and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
S. 1911 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1911, a bill to implement policies to end preventable maternal, newborn, and child deaths globally. 
S. 1926 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1926, a bill to ensure access to screening mammography services. 
S. 1968 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1968, a bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to re-quire certain companies to disclose in-formation describing any measures the company has taken to identify and ad-dress conditions of forced labor, slav-ery, human trafficking, and the worst forms of child labor within the com-pany’s supply chains. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Re-membrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow cer-tain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. 
S. 2010 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2010, a bill to provide for phased-in payment of Social Security Disability Insurance payments during the waiting period for individuals with a terminal illness. 
S. 2021 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2021, a bill to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal contractors from requesting that an applicant for em-ployment disclose criminal history record information before the appli-cant has received a conditional offer, and for other purposes. 
S. 2031 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2031, a bill to reduce tempo-rarily the royalty required to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.034 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5159 July 14, 2016 
GRASSLEY ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) and the Sen-ator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate discovery and develop-ment of disease-modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to en-courage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to en-hance the quality and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2072 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2072, a bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to establish a program under which the Administrator shall defer the designation of an area as a non-attainment area for purposes of the 8- hour ozone national ambient air qual-ity standard if the area achieves and maintains certain standards under a voluntary early action compact plan. 
S. 2123 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2123, a bill to reform sentencing laws and correctional institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2175 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from Illi-nois (Mr. D
URBIN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2175, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2196 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2196, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare competitive acquisition rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and accessories. 
S. 2219 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2219, a bill to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the outdoor recreation economy of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2238 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2238, a bill to prohibit drilling in the outer Continental Shelf, to prohibit coal leases on Federal land, and for other purposes. 
S. 2373 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. JOHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2373, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 2483 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2483, a bill to prohibit States from carrying out more than one Congres-sional redistricting after a decennial census and apportionment, to require States to conduct such redistricting through independent commissions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2531 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2531, a bill to authorize State and local governments to divest from enti-ties that engage in commerce-related or investment-related boycott, divest-ment, or sanctions activities targeting Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2595 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ), the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2595, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 2597 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2597, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for treatment of clinical psychologists as physicians for purposes of furnishing clinical psychologist services under the Medicare program. 
S. 2619 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2619, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Commerce to carry out a pilot program on the award of financial assistance to local governments to sup-port the development of startup busi-nesses, and for other purposes. 
S. 2655 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2655, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the historic rehabilitation tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 2745 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2745, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to promote the inclusion of minorities in clinical research, and for other purposes. S. 2748 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2748, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in palliative care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician assistant education pro-grams, to promote education and re-search in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of fac-ulty careers in academic palliative medicine. 
S. 2750 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2750, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code to extend and modify certain charitable tax provisions. At the request of Mr. T
HUNE , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2750, supra. 
S. 2758 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2758, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove con-sideration of certain pain-related issues from calculations under the Medicare hospital value-based pur-chasing program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2759 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2759, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a nonrefundable credit for working fam-ily caregivers. 
S. 2795 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2795, a bill to modernize the regu-lation of nuclear energy. 
S. 2799 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2799, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary patient registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters. 
S. 2854 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
UR-
BIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2854, a bill to reauthorize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007. 
S. 2868 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2868, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.037 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5160 July 14, 2016 
deferral of inclusion in gross income for capital gains reinvested in eco-nomically distressed zones. 
S. 2878 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2878, a bill to amend the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to im-prove the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterterrorism, and foreign assist-ance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to re-ligious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes. 
S. 2895 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2895, a bill to extend the civil statute of limitations for victims of Federal sex offenses. 
S. 2904 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the names of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) were added as cosponsors of S. 2904, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the five month wait-ing period for disability insurance ben-efits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 2912 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Sen-ator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. M
CCONNELL ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCH-
RAN) were added as cosponsors of S. 2912, a bill to authorize the use of unap-proved medical products by patients di-agnosed with a terminal illness in ac-cordance with State law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2927 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2927, a bill to prevent govern-mental discrimination against pro-viders of health services who decline involvement in abortion, and for other purposes. 
S. 2932 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2932, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act with respect to the pro-vision of emergency medical services. 
S. 2993 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. WICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2993, a bill to direct the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to change the spill prevention, control, and countermeasure rule with respect to certain farms. 
S. 3008 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3008, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-clude from gross income certain dis-charges of student loan indebtedness. 
S. 3032 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3032, a bill to provide for an in-crease, effective December 1, 2016, in the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 3056 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) were added as cosponsors of S. 3056, a bill to pro-vide for certain causes of action relat-ing to delays of generic drugs and bio-similar biological products. 
S. 3057 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH), the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. M
CCONNELL ), the Sen-ator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OB-
ERTS ), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Geor-gia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3057, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from requiring that the identity of con-tributors to 501(c) organizations be in-cluded in annual returns. 
S. 3083 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Sen-ator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3083, a bill to provide housing opportunities in the United States through modernization of var-ious housing programs, and for other purposes. S. 3101 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3101, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to limit the liability of health care professionals who volun-teer to provide health care services in response to a disaster. At the request of Mr. K
ING, the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3101, supra. 
S. 3106 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3106, a bill to provide a coordi-nated regional response to effectively manage the endemic violence and hu-manitarian crisis in El Salvador, Gua-temala, and Honduras. 
S. 3113 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3113, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants for training and support services for families and caregivers of people living with Alzheimer’s disease or a related dementia. 
S. 3124 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3124, a bill to require U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to take into custody certain aliens who have been charged in the United States with a crime that resulted in the death or se-rious bodily injury of another person, and for other purposes. 
S. 3127 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 3127, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to enhance protections of Native American cultural objects, and for other purposes. 
S. 3132 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3132, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide service dogs to cer-tain veterans with severe post-trau-matic stress disorder. 
S. 3134 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ), the Senator from Ha-waii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3134, a bill to improve Federal population surveys by requir-ing the collection of voluntary, self- disclosed information on sexual ori-entation and gender identity in certain surveys, and for other purposes. 
S. 3137 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3137, a bill to require the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.039 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5161 July 14, 2016 
Center for Medicare and Medicaid Inno-vation to test the efficacy of providing Alzheimer’s Disease caregiver support services in delaying or reducing the use of institutionalized care for Medicare beneficiaries with Alzheimer’s Disease or a related dementia. 
S. 3138 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3138, a bill to pre-vent Iran from directly or indirectly receiving assistance from the Export- Import Bank of the United States. 
S. 3142 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3142, a bill to require re-porting on acts of certain foreign coun-tries on Holocaust era assets and re-lated issues. 
S. 3146 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3146, a bill to require servicers to provide certain notices relating to foreclosure proceedings, and for other purposes. 
S. 3150 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3150, a bill to use certain reve-nues from the outer Continental Shelf to reduce the Federal budget deficit. 
S. 3179 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Sen-ator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. M
CCON-
NELL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3179, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to improve and ex-tend the credit for carbon dioxide se-questration. 
S. 3184 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3184, a bill to protect law enforcement officers, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3194 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3194, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to promote healthy eating and physical activity among children. 
S.J. RES. 5 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S.J. Res. 5, a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States relating to contributions and expenditures in-tended to affect elections. S.J. RES. 21 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S.J. Res. 21, a joint resolu-tion proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States au-thorizing the Congress to prohibit the physical desecration of the flag of the United States. 
S.J. RES. 32 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 32, a joint resolution to pro-vide limitations on the transfer of cer-tain United States munitions from the United States to Saudi Arabia. 
S.J. RES. 35 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the names of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. M
CCONNELL ) and the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) were added as co-sponsors of S.J. Res. 35, a joint resolu-tion providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Interpretation of the ‘Advice’ Exemp-tion in Section 203(c) of the Labor- Management Reporting and Disclosure Act’’. 
S.J. RES. 36 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 36, a joint resolution pro-posing an amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States relating to parental rights. 
S. CON. RES. 41 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 41, a concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress on the Peshmerga of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq. 
S. CON. RES. 42 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Con. Res. 42, a concurrent resolution to express the sense of Con-gress regarding the safe and expedi-tious resettlement to Albania of all residents of Camp Liberty. At the request of Mr. T
ILLIS , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 42, supra. 
S. CON. RES. 47 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 47, a concurrent resolu-tion expressing support for fostering closer economic and commercial ties between the United States and the United Kingdom following the decision of the people of the United Kingdom to withdraw from the European Union. 
S. RES. 349 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. SCHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 349, a resolution con-gratulating the Farm Credit System on the celebration of its 100th anniver-sary. 
S. RES. 485 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 485, a resolution to encourage the Govern-ment of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to abide by constitutional provisions regarding the holding of presidential elections in 2016, with the aim of ensuring a peaceful and orderly democratic transition of power. 
S. RES. 524 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 524, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate on the conflict in Yemen. 
S. RES. 526 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 526, a resolution calling for all parties to respect the arbitral tribunal ruling with regard to the South China Sea and to express United States policy on freedom of navigation and over-flight in the East and South China Seas. 
S. RES. 529 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 529, a resolution calling upon the Govern-ment of the Islamic Republic of Iran to release Iranian-Americans Siamak Namazi and his father, Baquer Namazi. 
S. RES. 530 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 530, a resolution supporting the termination of the Se-lect Investigative Panel of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives established pursuant to House Resolution 461, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CARDIN: S. 3210. A bill to identify and combat corruption in countries, to establish a tiered system of countries with respect to levels of corruption by their govern-ments and their efforts to combat such corruption, and to assess United States assistance to designated countries in order to advance anti-corruption ef-forts in those countries and better serve United States taxpayers; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.041 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5162 July 14, 2016 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, there is growing recognition in the United States, and around the world, that cor-ruption is a serious threat to inter-national security and stability. We have all seen the headlines—from scan-dals in Brazil and Malaysia, to the doping by Russian athletes and their subsequent ban from the Summer Olympics, to the Panama Papers. It is becoming clear that where there are high levels of corruption we find fragile states, or states suffering from internal or external conflict—in places such as Afghanistan and Pakistan, Iraq, Syria, Somalia, Nigeria, and Sudan. The problem of corruption, and the dysfunction that follows it, can be dif-ficult to address because it is like a hydra, with many corrupt actors that can include government officials, busi-nessmen, law enforcement, military personnel, and organized criminal groups. Corruption is a system that op-erates via extensive, entrenched net-works in both the public and private sectors. But we must address it. We can’t throw up our hands and accept corrup-tion as the status quo, because the costs of not addressing and rooting it out are too great. Corruption fuels vio-lent extremism, pushing young people toward violence, because they lose faith in the institutions that are sup-posed to protect and serve them. Cor-ruption feeds the destructive fire of criminal networks and transnational crime. Citizens lose faith in the social compact between governments and the people. Terrorist groups use corruption to recruit followers to their hateful cause. It’s a vicious cycle. The human cost of corruption is sub-stantial. Across the globe, millions of men, women and children are victims of modern day slavery. Corruption en-ables their trafficking within and among countries. Corruption is a con-stant companion to modern day slav-ery and the suffering that it brings. We also have seen this play out in the ref-ugee and migrant crisis, with thou-sands drowning in the Mediterranean, victims of trafficking networks and corrupt government officials who fa-cilitate this illicit business. Make no mistake, corruption is big business— one news report estimates that traf-fickers made 5 to 6 billion dollars in 2015 alone in bringing approximately one million refugees and migrants to Europe. Let’s be clear-eyed—any fight against corruption will be long-term and difficult. It’s a fight against power-ful people, powerful companies, and powerful interests. It is about changing a mindset and a culture as much as it is about establishing and enforcing laws. As my colleagues and constitu-ents know, my attention has long been focused on fighting corruption. I intro-duced S. 284, the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act, to target human rights abusers and cor-rupt individuals around the globe who threaten the rule of law and deny fun-damental freedoms. But the problem is so big—we simply have to do more. This is why I am introducing the Combating Global Corruption and Ac-countability Act. We must meet the scale of the problem of corruption with greater resolve and commitment. To do that, I believe we must focus on four things. First, we must institutionalize the fight against corruption as a national security priority. In my bill, the State Department will produce an annual re-port, similar to the Trafficking in Per-sons Report, which takes a close look at each country’s efforts to combat corruption. That model, which has ef-fectively advanced the effort to combat modern day slavery, will similarly embed the issue of corruption in our collective work, so that we hold gov-ernments to account. This bill estab-lishes minimum standards for com-bating corruption—standards that should be part and parcel of every gov-ernment’s commitment to its citizens. These include whether a country has laws that recognize corrupt acts for the crimes they are—violations of the peo-ple’s trust—along with appropriate penalties for breaking that trust. Whether a country has an independent judiciary for deciding corruption cases, free from influence and abuse. Whether there is support for civil society orga-nizations that are the watchdogs of in-tegrity against would-be thieves of the state. This bill, hopefully, will build anticorruption DNA into the founda-tions of government action. Second, in the United States, our whole-of-government effort must be better coordinated. Right now, we work across multiple agencies and in multiple offices to combat corruption. There is much information and many best practices that can be shared— we’ve got to do better at that and take advantage of those areas where we have been successful. The State De-partment and the United States Agen-cy for International Development have done great work, but the vast nature of the problem requires that we improve our ability to tackle it. In this bill, agencies and bureaus and our missions overseas will have to prioritize corrup-tion into their strategic planning as an essential part of our foreign policy work—a step that I believe will foster greater cooperation. Third, we must improve oversight of our own foreign assistance and pro-mote transparency. The U.S. taxpayer has a right to know how our foreign as-sistance is being spent, and also should feel confident that we are doing the kind of risk assessments, analysis, and oversight that ensure our assistance to other countries is having the effect we want it to have. My bill consolidates information and puts it online, where citizens can see the numbers and the programs. That kind of transparency is in and of itself good, but in my experi-ence it has the effect of making us bet-ter at self-policing our work. We can use the data to capture redundancies and analyze trends, which I believe will make our decision-making better. The bill embeds oversight into our foreign assistance programs overseas, main-taining the flexibility we need to meet our goals rapidly while also holding government to account. In fact, it is a natural complement to the Foreign Assistance Transparency and Accountability Act, a bill Senator R
UBIO and I co-sponsored that looks at our foreign aid and ensures that our foreign assistance programs are tracked and evaluated adequately and appropriately. I am a believer in the power of exam-ple. This ‘‘one-two’’ punch of the Com-bating Global Corruption Act and the Foreign Assistance Transparency Act strengthens our foreign assistance pol-icy, demonstrates that we hold our-selves to the highest standards, and shows other countries that we are com-mitted to this fight. Finally, we have to find ways to re-source anti-corruption work. Corrup-tion is big business and big money. We should look for ways to use seized as-sets and ill-gotten proceeds to build civil society capacity to fight corrup-tion, and make it easier to transfer these assets to the appropriate effort. The Obama administration has built on the efforts of those before it to improve our ability to go after the big players, and there have been some great suc-cesses by the Treasury and Justice De-partments in winning judgments and recovering assets. So we will look at the resources and the training and the intelligence needs, and we will make sure we have the tools and skills to continue those kinds of successes. I want to close with a few words about something that is hard to cap-ture in legislation. It is something that I grappled with when drafting this bill. It is something that perhaps, more than anything, will dictate if we win this struggle against corruption. And that is political will. At the end of June, after six long years, the U.S. Securities and Ex-change Commission issued a final rule to implement Section 1504 of the Dodd- Frank Act, known as the ‘‘Cardin- Lugar provision’’. This provision re-quires that all foreign and domestic companies listed on U.S. stock ex-changes and involved in oil, gas, and mineral resource extraction must pub-lish the project-level payments they make to the foreign countries in which they operate. This was a watershed mo-ment in which the United States re-claimed its position as a leader in the effort to increase global accountability and transparency. Six years. That is the length of a term of a U.S. Senator. It is college and a Master’s degree. It is the length of the horrific conflict in Syria. Six years for the United States to achieve greater revenue trans-parency in the extractives sector be-cause we know secrecy breeds corrup-tion and corruption can breed insta-bility and perpetuate poverty in re-source-rich countries. It took that long 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.057 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5163 July 14, 2016 
because some people believed that less transparency is a good thing. Some groups believed that accountability should take a back seat to profit-ability. I am under no illusion that this glob-al fight against corruption will be easy. It will make the work of our govern-ment agencies more challenging. It will make our diplomacy more chal-lenging. It will require political will. But political will finds its source and its strength in our values. Political will is created when we embrace those values. Political will endures in good governance, accountability, and trans-parency and those values that are at the core of the compact between the government and the governed. As this bill moves forward, I urge my colleagues to find the political will to combat global corruption, ensure ac-countability, and keep our commit-ment to the best of American values. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ): S. 3211. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish a national Oncology Medical Home Dem-onstration Project under the Medicare program for the purpose of changing the Medicare payment for cancer care in order to enhance the quality of care and to improve cost efficiency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3211 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Cancer Care Payment Reform Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHING AN ONCOLOGY MEDICAL HOME DEMONSTRATION PROJECT UNDER THE MEDICARE PROGRAM TO IMPROVE QUALITY OF CARE AND COST EFFICIENCY. 
Title XVIII of the Social Security Act is amended by inserting after section 1866E (42 U.S.C. 1395cc–5) the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1866F. ONCOLOGY MEDICAL HOME DEM-ONSTRATION PROJECT. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF DEMONSTRATION  P
ROJECT .—Not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall establish an Oncology Med-ical Home Demonstration Project (in this section referred to as the ‘demonstration project’) to make payments in the amounts specified in subsection (f) to each partici-pating oncology practice (as defined in sub-section (b)). ‘‘(b) D
EFINITION OF PARTICIPATING ONCOL -
OGYPRACTICE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘participating oncology practice’ means an oncology practice that— ‘‘(1) submits to the Secretary an applica-tion to participate in the demonstration project in accordance with subsection (c); ‘‘(2) is selected by the Secretary, in accord-ance with subsection (d), to participate in the demonstration project; and ‘‘(3) is owned by a physician, or is owned by or affiliated with a hospital, that submitted a claim for payment in the prior year for an item or service for which payment may be made under part B. ‘‘(c) APPLICATION TOPARTICIPATE .—An ap- plication by an oncology practice to partici-pate in the demonstration project shall in-clude an attestation to the Secretary that the practice— ‘‘(1) furnishes physicians’ services for which payment may be made under part B; ‘‘(2) coordinates oncology services fur-nished to an individual by the practice with services that are related to such oncology services and that are furnished to such indi-vidual by practitioners (including oncology nurses) inside or outside the practice in order to ensure that each such individual re-ceives coordinated care; ‘‘(3) meaningfully uses electronic health records; ‘‘(4) will, not later than one year after the date on which the practice commences its participation in the demonstration project, be accredited as an Oncology Medical Home by the Commission on Cancer, the National Committee for Quality Assurance, or such other entity as the Secretary determines ap-propriate; ‘‘(5) will repay all amounts paid by the Secretary to the practice under subsection (f)(1)(A) in the case that the practice does not, on a date that is not later than 60 days after the date on which the practice’s agree-ment period for the demonstration project begins, as determined by the Secretary, sub-mit an application to an entity described in paragraph (4) for accreditation as an Oncol-ogy Medical Home in accordance with such paragraph; ‘‘(6) will, for each year in which the dem-onstration project is conducted, report to the Secretary, in such form and manner as is specified by the Secretary, on— ‘‘(A) the performance of the practice with respect to measures described in subsection (e) as determined by the Secretary, subject to subsection (e)(1)(B); and ‘‘(B) the experience of care of individuals who are furnished oncology services by the practice for which payment may be made under part B, as measured by a patient expe-rience of care survey based on the Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Sys-tems survey or by such similar survey as the Secretary determines appropriate; ‘‘(7) agrees not to receive the payments de-scribed in subclauses (I) and (II) of sub-section (f)(1)(B)(iii) in the case that the prac-tice does not report to the Secretary in ac-cordance with paragraph (6) with respect to performance of the practice during the 12- month period beginning on the date on which the practice’s agreement period for the dem-onstration project begins, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(8) will, for each year of the demonstra-tion project, meet the performance standards developed under subsection (e)(4)(B) with re-spect to each of the measures on which the practice has agreed to report under para-graph (6)(A) and the patient experience of care on which the practice has agreed to re-port under paragraph (6)(B); and ‘‘(9) has the capacity to utilize shared deci-sion-making tools that facilitate the incor-poration of the patient needs, preferences, and circumstances of an individual into the medical plan of the individual and that maintain provider flexibility to tailor care of the individual based on the full range of test and treatment options available to the indi-vidual. ‘‘(d) S
ELECTION OF PARTICIPATING PRAC-
TICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, not later than 15 months after the date of the en-actment of this section, select oncology practices that submit an application to the Secretary in accordance with subsection (c) to participate in the demonstration project. ‘‘(2) MAXIMUM NUMBER OF PRACTICES .—In selecting an oncology practice to participate in the demonstration project under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall ensure that the par-ticipation of such practice in the demonstra-tion project does not, on the date on which the practice commences its participation in the demonstration project— ‘‘(A) increase the total number of practices participating in the demonstration project to a number that is greater than 200 prac-tices (or such number as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate); or ‘‘(B) increase the total number of oncologists who participate in the dem-onstration project to a number that is great-er than 1,500 oncologists (or such number as the Secretary determines appropriate). ‘‘(3) D
IVERSITY OF PRACTICES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), in selecting oncology practices to par-ticipate in the demonstration project under this section, the Secretary shall, to the ex-tent practicable, include in such selection— ‘‘(i) small-, medium-, and large-sized prac-tices; and ‘‘(ii) practices located in different geo-graphic areas. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION OF SMALL ONCOLOGY PRAC -
TICES .—In selecting oncology practices to participate in the demonstration project under this section, the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, ensure that at least 20 percent of the participating practices are small oncology practices (as determined by the Secretary). ‘‘(4) N
O PENALTY FOR CERTAIN OPT -OUTS BY  
PRACTICES .—In the case that the Secretary selects an oncology practice to participate in the demonstration project under this section that has agreed to participate in a model es-tablished under section 1115A for oncology services, such practice may not be assessed a penalty for electing not to participate in such model if the practice makes such elec-tion— ‘‘(A) prior to the receipt by the practice of any payment for such model that would not otherwise be paid in the absence of such model; and ‘‘(B) in order to participate in the dem-onstration project under this section. ‘‘(e) M
EASURES .— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use measures described in paragraph (2), and may use measures developed under para-graph (3), to assess the performance of each participating oncology practice, as compared to other participating oncology practices as described in paragraph (4)(A)(i). ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION OF MEASURES RE -
PORTED .—In determining measures to be re-ported under subsection (c)(6)(A), the Sec-retary, in consultation with stakeholders, shall ensure that reporting under such sub-section is not overly burdensome and that those measures required to be reported are aligned with applicable requirements from other payors. ‘‘(2) M
EASURES DESCRIBED .—The measures described in this paragraph, with respect to individuals who are attributed to a partici-pating oncology practice, as determined by the Secretary, are the following: ‘‘(A) P
ATIENT CARE MEASURES .— ‘‘(i) The percentage of such individuals who receive documented clinical or pathologic staging prior to initiation of a first course of cancer treatment. ‘‘(ii) The percentage of such individuals who undergo advanced imaging and have been diagnosed with stage I or II breast can-cer. ‘‘(iii) The percentage of such individuals who undergo advanced imaging and have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.057 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5164 July 14, 2016 
been diagnosed with stage I or II prostate cancer. ‘‘(iv) The percentage of such individuals who, prior to receiving cancer treatment, had their performance status assessed by the practice. ‘‘(v) The percentage of such individuals who— ‘‘(I) undergo treatment with a chemo-therapy regimen provided by the practice; ‘‘(II) have at least a 20-percent risk of de-veloping febrile neutropenia due to a com-bination of regimen risk and patient risk factors; and ‘‘(III) have received from the practice ei-ther GCSF or white cell growth factor. ‘‘(vi) With respect to such individuals who receive chemotherapy treatment from the practice, the percentage of such individuals so treated who receive a treatment plan prior to the administration of such chemo-therapy. ‘‘(vii) With respect to chemotherapy treat-ments administered to such individuals by the practice, the percentage of such treat-ments that adhere to guidelines published by the National Comprehensive Cancer Network or such other entity as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate. ‘‘(viii) With respect to antiemetic drugs dispensed by the practice to individuals as part of moderately or highly emetogenic chemotherapy regimens for such individuals, the extent to which such drugs are adminis-tered in accordance with evidence-based guidelines or pathways that are compliant with guidelines published by the National Comprehensive Cancer Network or such other entity as the Secretary determines ap-propriate. ‘‘(B) R
ESOURCE UTILIZATION MEASURES .— ‘‘(i) With respect to emergency room visits in a year by such individuals who are receiv-ing active chemotherapy treatment adminis-tered by the practice as of the date of such visits, the percentage of such visits that are associated with qualified cancer diagnoses of the individuals. ‘‘(ii) With respect to hospital admissions in a year by such individuals who are receiving active chemotherapy treatment adminis-tered by the practice as of the date of such visits, the percentage of such admissions that are associated with qualified cancer di-agnoses of the individuals. ‘‘(C) S
URVIVORSHIP MEASURES .— ‘‘(i) Survival rates for such individuals who have been diagnosed with stage I through IV breast cancer. ‘‘(ii) Survival rates for such individuals who have been diagnosed with stage I through IV colorectal cancer. ‘‘(iii) Survival rates for such individuals who have been diagnosed with stage I through IV lung cancer. ‘‘(iv) With respect to such individuals who receive chemotherapy treatment from the practice, the percentage of such individuals so treated who receive a survivorship plan not later than 45 days after the completion of the administration of such chemotherapy. ‘‘(v) With respect to such individuals who receive chemotherapy treatment from the practice, the percentage of such individuals who receive psychological screening. ‘‘(D) E
ND-OF-LIFE CARE MEASURES .— ‘‘(i) The number of times that such an indi-vidual receives chemotherapy treatment from the practice within an amount of time specified by the Secretary, in consultation with stakeholders, prior to the death of the individual. ‘‘(ii) With respect to such individuals who have a stage IV disease and have received treatment for such disease from the practice, the percentage of such individuals so treated who have had a documented end-of-life care conversation with a physician in the practice or another health care provider who is a member of the cancer care team of the prac-tice. ‘‘(iii) With respect to such an individual who is referred to hospice care by a physi-cian in the practice or a health care provider who is a member of the cancer care team of the practice, regardless of the setting in which such care is furnished, the average number of days that the individual receives hospice care prior to the death of the indi-vidual. ‘‘(iv) With respect to such individuals who die while receiving care from the practice, the percentage of such deceased individuals whose death occurred in an acute care set-ting. ‘‘(3) MODIFICATION OR ADDITION OF MEAS -
URES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may, in consultation with appropriate stakeholders in a manner determined by the Secretary, modify, replace, remove, or add to the meas-ures described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) A
PPROPRIATE STAKEHOLDERS DE -
SCRIBED .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘appropriate stakeholders’ includes oncology societies, oncologists who furnish oncology services to one or more individuals for which payment may be made under part B, allied health professionals, health insur-ance issuers that have implemented alter-native payment models for oncologists, pa-tients and organizations that represent pa-tients, and biopharmaceutical and other medical technology manufacturers. ‘‘(4) A
SSESSMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, for each year in which the demonstration project is conducted, assess— ‘‘(i) the performance of each participating oncology practice for such year with respect to the measures on which the practice has agreed to report to the Secretary under sub-section (c)(6)(A), as compared to the per-formance of other participating oncology practices with respect to such measures; and ‘‘(ii) the extent to which each participating oncology practice has, during such year, used breakthrough or other best-in-class therapies. ‘‘(B) P
ERFORMANCE STANDARDS .—The Sec- retary shall, in consultation with the appro-priate stakeholders described in paragraph (3)(B) in a manner determined by the Sec-retary, develop performance standards with respect to— ‘‘(i) each of the measures described in para-graph (2), including those measures as modi-fied or added under paragraph (3); and ‘‘(ii) the patient experience of care on which participating oncology practices agree to report to the Secretary under subsection (c)(6)(B). ‘‘(f) P
AYMENTS FOR PARTICIPATING ONCOL -
OGYPRACTICES AND ONCOLOGISTS .— ‘‘(1) C
ARE COORDINATION MANAGEMENT FEE  
DURING FIRST TWO YEARS OF DEMONSTRATION  
PROJECT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, in addition to any other payments made by the Secretary under this title to a participating oncology practice, pay a care coordination management fee to each such practice at each of the times specified in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) T
IMING OF PAYMENTS .—The care co-ordination management fee described in sub-paragraph (A) shall be paid to a participating oncology practice at the end of each of the following periods: ‘‘(i) The period that ends 6 months after the date on which the practice’s agreement period for the demonstration project begins, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) The period that ends 12 months after the date on which the practice’s agreement period for the demonstration project begins, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) Subject to subsection (c)(7)— ‘‘(I) the period that ends 18 months after the date on which the practice’s agreement period for the demonstration project begins, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(II) the period that ends 24 months after the date on which the practice’s agreement period for the demonstration project begins, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) AMOUNT OF PAYMENT .—The Secretary shall, in consultation with oncologists who furnish oncology services for which payment may be made under part B in a manner de-termined by the Secretary, determine the amount of the care coordination manage-ment fee described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) P
ERFORMANCE INCENTIVE PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subpara-graphs (C) and (E), the Secretary shall, in ad-dition to any other payments made by the Secretary under this title to a participating oncology practice, pay a performance incen-tive payment to each such practice for each year of the demonstration project described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) T
IMING OF PAYMENTS .—The perform-ance incentive payment described in sub-paragraph (A) shall be paid to a participating oncology practice as soon as practicable fol-lowing the end of the third, fourth, and fifth years of the demonstration project. ‘‘(C) S
OURCE OF PAYMENTS .—Performance incentive payments made to participating oncology practices under subparagraph (A) for each of the years of the demonstration project described in subparagraph (B) shall be paid from the aggregate pool available for making payments for each such year deter-mined under subparagraph (D), as available for each such year. ‘‘(D) A
GGREGATE POOL AVAILABLE FOR MAK -
ING PAYMENTS .—With respect to each of the years of the demonstration project described in described in subparagraph (B), the aggre-gate pool available for making performance incentive payments for each such year shall be determined by— ‘‘(i) estimating the amount by which the aggregate expenditures that would have been expended for the year under parts A and B for items and services furnished to individ-uals attributed to participating oncology practices if the demonstration project had not been implemented exceeds such aggre-gate expenditures for such individuals for such year of the demonstration project; ‘‘(ii) calculating the amount that is half of the amount estimated under clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) subtracting from the amount cal-culated under clause (ii) the total amount of payments made under paragraph (1) that have not, in a prior application of this clause, previously been so subtracted from a calculation made under clause (ii). ‘‘(E) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENTS TO INDIVIDUAL  
PRACTICES THAT MEET PERFORMANCE STAND -
ARDS AND ACHIEVE SAVINGS .— ‘‘(i) P
AYMENTS ONLY TO PRACTICES THAT  
MEET PERFORMANCE STANDARDS .—The Sec- retary may not make performance incentive payments to a participating oncology prac-tice under subparagraph (A) with respect to a year of the demonstration project de-scribed in subparagraph (B) unless the prac-tice meets or exceeds the performance stand-ards developed under subsection (e)(4)(B) for the year with respect to— ‘‘(I) the measures on which the practice has agreed to report to the Secretary under subsection (c)(6)(A); and ‘‘(II) the patient experience of care on which the practice has agreed to report to the Secretary under subsection (c)(6)(B). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.045 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5165 July 14, 2016 
‘‘(ii) C ONSIDERATION OF PERFORMANCE AS -
SESSMENT .—The Secretary shall, in consulta-tion with the appropriate stakeholders de-scribed in subsection (e)(3)(B) in a manner determined by the Secretary, determine the amount of a performance incentive payment to a participating oncology practice under subparagraph (A) for a year of the dem-onstration project described in subparagraph (B). In making a determination under the preceding sentence, the Secretary shall take into account the performance assessment of the practice under subsection (e)(4)(A) with respect to the year and the aggregate pool available for making payments for such year determined under subparagraph (D), as avail-able for such year. ‘‘(3) I
SSUANCE OF GUIDANCE .—Not later than the date that is 12 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall issue guidance detailing the method-ology that the Secretary will use to imple-ment subparagraphs (D) and (E) of paragraph (2). ‘‘(g) S
ECRETARY REPORTS TO PARTICIPATING  O
NCOLOGY PRACTICES .—The Secretary shall inform each participating oncology practice, on a periodic (such as quarterly) basis, of— ‘‘(1) the performance of the practice with respect to the measures on which the prac-tice has agreed to report to the Secretary under subsection (c)(6)(A); and ‘‘(2) the estimated amount by which the expenditures that would have been expended under parts A and B for items and services furnished to individuals attributed to the practice if the demonstration project had not been implemented exceeds the actual ex-penditures for such individuals. ‘‘(h) A
PPLICATIONS FROM ENTITIES TOPRO-
VIDE ACCREDITATIONS .—Not later than the date that is 18 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall establish a process for the acceptance and consideration of applications from enti-ties for purposes of determining which enti-ties may provide accreditation to practices under subsection (c)(4) in addition to the en-tities described in such subsection. ‘‘(i) R
EVISIONS TO DEMONSTRATION  P
ROJECT .—The Secretary may make appro-priate revisions to the demonstration project under this section in order for participating oncology practices under such demonstra-tion project to meet the definition of an eli-gible alternative payment entity for pur-poses of section 1833(z). ‘‘(j) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may waive such provisions of this title and title XI as the Secretary determines nec-essary in order to implement the demonstra-tion project under this section. ‘‘(k) A
DMINISTRATION .—Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, shall not apply to this section.’’. 
By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and Mrs. F
ISCHER ): S. 3213. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide for transparency of payments made from the Judgment Fund; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise to draw attention to important legisla-tion that would ensure American tax-payers know how their hard-earned dollars are being spent. This morning, I was pleased to join Senator L
ANKFORD  to introduce a bill that expands on similar legislation that I introduced with Senator G
ARDNER last year, known as the Judgment Fund Trans-parency Act. The Judgment Fund is ad-ministrated by the Treasury Depart-ment and is used to pay certain court judgments and settlements against the Federal Government. It is essentially an unlimited amount of money made available to the Federal Government to cover its own liability. The fund is not subject to the annual appropriations process. And even more remarkable, the Treasury Department has no reporting requirements. Because of this, the Judgment Fund payments are made with very little oversight or scrutiny. Because the Treasury Depart-ment has no binding reporting require-ments, few public details exist about where the funds are going and why. This is no small matter, as the Judg-ment Fund disburses billions of dollars in payments every year. For example, between 2013 and 2015, the Federal Gov-ernment paid more than $10 billion in Judgment Fund awards with scant transparency or oversight. Hard-work-ing taxpayers and Members of Congress have every right to see exactly how tax dollars are being spent out of this Judgment Fund. I was proud to see my original version of the bill pass the Senate as part of the Energy Policy Moderniza-tion Act in April. Still, recent develop-ments show more oversight is needed, and that is why I have joined with Sen-ator LANKFORD to update and expand the Judgment Fund Transparency Act. This update is the result of payments made through the Judgment Fund to Iran earlier this year. In January, the Obama administra-tion transferred $1.7 billion to Iran’s Central Bank. It was paid in connec-tion with the settlement of a claim re-lating to arms sales to the Shah. Last month, new reports indicated that the U.S. payment was transferred to Iran’s defense budget. In defending the pay-ment, White House spokesman Josh Ernst argued that it was ‘‘Exhibit A in the administration pursuing tough, principled diplomacy in a way that ac-tually ends up making the American people safer and advancing their inter-ests.’’ I disagree. A $1.7 billion payment that goes to Iran’s military does not make our country safer. Iran was des-ignated a state sponsor of terror in 1984. Its military has long provided weapons, training, and funding to groups such as Hezbollah, Hamas, and other proxies throughout the Middle East and beyond. Last month, the State Department released its latest country reports on terrorism. It states: ‘‘In 2015, Iran’s state sponsorship of terrorism world-wide remained undiminished.’’ In fact, the State Department report noted that in some areas, such as Iraq, its support to terrorist groups has actu-ally increased. I am haunted by the fear that some of these very terrorists, groups that may have taken American lives, may have received money from the U.S. Treasury. The bill that I am introducing with Senator L
ANKFORD today takes action. It would prohibit the Judgment Fund from being used for this purpose while maintaining key provisions from the original bill requiring openness and transparency. If the administration wants to de-liver another payment to a regime that is going to sponsor terror, it should make its case to Congress and to the American people. More transparency leads to greater accountability. Sun-light is the best disinfectant. Through this bill, we can track taxpayer-funded payments to foreign nations and pre-vent harmful transactions from hap-pening in the future. I thank Senator LANKFORD for his diligent work on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to stand behind hard- working American taxpayers and sup-port this legislation. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 3214. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to allow all eligible voters to vote by mail in Fed-eral elections, to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to pro-vide for automatic voter registration; to the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration. Mr. WYDEN: Mr. President, today I am introducing the Vote by Mail Act of 2016 to ensure that all registered voters have the opportunity to fully partici-pate in our democracy. Fifty-one years ago, President John-son urged Congress to pass the Voting Rights Act. In the face of implacable opposition from southern states, John-son clearly laid out the stakes: ‘‘Every American citizen must have an equal right to vote. There is no reason which can excuse the denial of that right. There is no duty which weighs more heavily on us than the duty we have to ensure that right.’’ Sadly, half a century after that law began to remove the most egregious obstacles to voting, Americans are fac-ing new barriers to exercising their fundamental right to vote. Across the country, there are stories of long lines, inexplicable purges of voter rolls and new requirements that make it harder for citizens to vote. There is no excuse for accepting this state of affairs. There is no excuse for citizens in Ari-zona to wait 5 hours to cast their bal-lot. There is no excuse for citizens in Rhode Island to find two out of every three polling places have closed. There is no excuse whatsoever for poor com-munities and minority communities across this country to see their polling places shuttered. Seniors and disabled Americans should not have to wait in long lines or struggle to reach polling places. Work-ing parents shouldn’t have to choose between going to work or going to vote. Voting should not be a test of en-durance. It should not be a Kafkaesque experience in defeating bureaucracy. Increasingly, too many voters show up to the polls on election day, only to find out their name is inexplicably missing from the voter rolls, or their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.045 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5166 July 14, 2016 
ID doesn’t meet some new, more re-strictive requirements. There is no ex-cuse for our government to turn away citizens, to say their voice does not count, because of a clerical error or an unjust technicality. These grossly unfair obstacles have sprouted like weeds across our Nation ever since the Supreme Court over-turned large portions of the Voting Rights Act in 2013. According to the Brennan Center for Justice, just this year, 17 States have passed new laws or rules to make it harder for their citi-zens to vote. Thankfully there is a solution. My home State of Oregon has led the Na-tion in making voting more accessible. In Oregon, every voter receives a ballot 2 or 3 weeks before an election date. With the arrival of that ballot, com-plete with candidate information and issue pamphlets, every Oregonian has ample time to research candidates and issues, think about them, discuss them with friends and family, and then vote. All in their own time. Rather than waiting in long lines, Oregonians can mail their ballot back, or drop it off at ballot collection sites, many of which are open 24–7. No one has to take time off work just to exercise his or her con-stitutional rights to vote. Vote-by-mail won’t stop every state legislature from devising new ways to suppress voter turnout. But one thing it will do is it will give voters more time to fight back. When Americans have two or three weeks to vote, they’ll have more time to challenge registration problems. There’s more time for citizens to defend their rights. Oregon has been voting by mail lo-cally since 1981. When I was first elect-ed to the U.S. Senate in 1996 it was the first time vote-by-mail was used for a federal race. In 2000 Oregon went to an entirely vote-by-mail system including for President of the United States. Since then we have consistently had voter turnout rates that are among the highest in the country. Oregon voting rates are especially high among young voters and in midterm elections. As an added benefit, studies have shown it saved taxpayers money to boot. Oregon is also leading the charge in another important aspect of our voting system—voter registration. Our rep-resentative democracy requires active participation from all our citizens—re-gardless of one’s economic resources or state of residence. This is particularly the case when it comes to ensuring that the voter registration prqciess is widely accessible and easy to navigate. In order to vote, eligible citizens must first register—a step in the political process that has historically been dif-ficult to navigate and subject to oner-ous burdens designed to exclude citi-zens of color and lower-income citizens from easily casting a ballot. Oregon is the first state in the nation to launch an automatic voter registra-tion system, which automatically reg-isters eligible citizens who visit the Department of Motor Vehicles, unless they ‘‘opt out.’’ This year alone, Or-egon has successfully registered over 200,000 new voters. Our governor, Kate Brown, deserves enormous credit for shepherding this reform into law. So my proposition is the rest of our country should follow Oregon’s lead by offering all voters a chance to vote by mail, and automatically registering el-igible voters. To me, this is a no- brainer. Today I introduced new legislation for national vote-by-mail, which builds on Oregon’s system and bills I intro-duced in 2007 and 2010. My plan is sim-ple: Every voter in a Federal election will receive a ballot in the mail. The Federal Government, through the Post-al Service, will assist states with the costs of mailing ballots to registered voters. States can keep their current polling practices if they wish, but those states that choose a full vote-by- mail system will see their election costs significantly drop. Additionally, this bill will shift the burden of reg-istration from the individual to the government. It calls on state govern-ments to collaborate with State motor vehicle agencies to maintain updated voter registration rolls for all citizens who apply for a driver’s license and who do not ask to remain unregistered. This practice will serve to both in-crease the accuracy of our voter rolls and reduce the burden on individual voters by requiring state governments to ensure that eligible citizens are reg-istered. My hope is this can ignite a new cam-paign to make it easier, not harder for Americans to vote. Because vote-by- mail and automatic registration are just the first steps in fighting back against those who would disenfranchise their fellow citizens to gain a political edge. I know many of my colleagues and many voters are cynical about the chances of passing real reforms in this partisan day and age. My view is vot-ing rights are simply too important to abandon the field to special interests who would manipulate our govern-ment. So once again I urge my col-leagues and urge voters to call for real reform to our voting system and ensure that every citizen who wants to vote has that opportunity. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. K
ING): S. 3226. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a reg-istry of certain veterans who partici-pated in a radiation cleanup mission in the Enewetak Atoll in the Marshall Is-lands during the period beginning on January 1, 1977, and ending on Decem-ber 31, 1980, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise to introduce the Enewetak Atoll Clean-up Veterans Registry and Study Act of 2016. I am pleased to be joined by my colleague from Maine, Senator K
ING, in this initiative. Our bill would address an issue important to veterans, includ-ing many in Maine, who participated in the Enewetak Atoll radiation cleanup missions from 1977 to 1980. These vet-erans may now be suffering from ad-verse health conditions due to exposure to radiation during these missions. At the end of World War II, Enewetak Atoll came under the control of the United States, which used it to test nu-clear bombs. From 1948 to 1958, Enewetak Atoll was the site of 43 U.S. nuclear tests. The combined federal ef-fort to clean up the resulting radio-active waste cost about $100 million over three years and required an on- atoll task force numbering almost 1,000 people. The veterans who served on the cleanup task force did not ask to be sent to Enewetak Atoll. Like good servicemembers, they received their orders and went to work serving the U.S. government by cleaning up radio-active waste over a 3-year period. I have heard from several Enewetak Atoll veterans who have now developed cancers, and they have expressed their concerns that these cancers may be rooted in their service cleaning up nu-clear material. To address this troubling issue, our bill would help identify and bring to-gether the shared experiences of those who served as a part of the Enewetak Atoll cleanup. It would require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, VA, to es-tablish a registry of U.S. veterans who participated in the cleanup missions of the Enewetak Atoll and who have sub-sequently experienced health issues. It would also direct the VA to commis-sion an independent study inves-tigating any possible linkage between radiation exposure during the cleanup missions and subsequent health prob-lems among the servicemembers who served or trained there. Protecting the health of those who have served our nation is a solemn re-sponsibility. This legislation keeps faith with our veterans by dem-onstrating that our government takes the allegations of service-connected ex-posure to radiation seriously. We must fulfill our obligations and affirm a larger commitment made long ago to take care of those who have so proudly served our Nation—the patriots who have worn our Nation’s uniform. I ask my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to voice my support for the Enewetak Atoll Cleanup Veterans Reg-istry and Study Act of 2016. I am joined by my esteemed colleague from Maine, SUSAN COLLINS , in introducing this ini-tiative, which will help to combat a very important issue facing the serv-icemen and women stationed at the Enewetak Atoll between 1977 and 1980. These veterans assisted in a radiation cleanup mission that may have exposed them to harmful nuclear waste, and may be causing them health problems to this day. Between 1948 and 1958, the United States used the Enewetak Atoll for nu-clear bomb testing. In 1977, after a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.058 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5167 July 14, 2016 
total of 43 nuclear tests, the United States engaged in a 3-year cleanup mis-sion, costing $100 million and requiring a task force of nearly 1,000 servicemem-bers. However, despite the clearly dan-gerous nature of handling radioactive material, there is no registry or health study for those who served at Enewetak during that time. This bill would require the Secretary of the VA to establish a registry of vet-erans who served as part of the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll, and have subse-quently experienced health issues that may have resulted from exposure to ra-diation. In addition, the bill would di-rect the VA to commission an inde-pendent study investigating any link-ages between those who were exposed to the radiation and subsequent health problems. It would allow for the gath-ering of targeted data for a better as-sessment of exposure, and would help determine whether these veterans should be granted the presumption of service-connection disabilities. Throughout our Nation’s history, our veterans have put themselves in harm’s way to ensure our freedom time and time again. Their unwavering patriot-ism and courage demonstrate the for-titude of American character and our Nation’s commitment to democracy worldwide. In response, we must do ev-erything we can to follow through on our responsibility to provide for our veterans, and the brave men and women who served at Enewetak Atoll are no exception to this solemn duty. This bill demonstrates our commit-ment to honoring and respecting our Nation’s heroes, past and present, and I urge my colleagues to support this im-portant legislation. 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 3234. A bill to amend the Native American Business Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000, the Buy Indian Act, the Indian Trader Act, and the Native American Programs Act of 1974 to provide indus-try and economic development oppor-tunities to Indian communities; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I rise to speak on S. 3234, the Indian Commu-nity Economic Enhancement Act of 2016. For years, Indian communities have experienced serious socio-economic challenges. Unacceptably high rates of unemployment, remote locations, and a lack of infrastructure are just a few of the problems affecting either the quality of life for Indian people or the ability to build strong sustainable economies. The Federal programs available to facilitate or create economic opportu-nities are not structured to effectively target these communities. The Federal bureaucracy underlying various pro-grams also inhibits economic growth as well. The Committee on Indian Affairs, which I chair, has conducted several hearings, listening sessions, and a roundtable on economic development. The primary concerns from Indian tribes, business owners, and tribal or-ganizations have largely focused on ac-cess to capital. The Federal mecha-nisms for increasing available capital that have been used by Indian tribes or businesses to some degree include loan guarantees, tax credits, tax-exempt bond financing, community develop-ment financial institutions, CDFIs, and procurement programs. This bill is intended to address sev-eral of these mechanisms by amending four key Federal laws affecting Indian communities: Native American Busi-ness Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000; Native Amer-ican Programs Act; Indian Trader Act; and the Buy Indian Act. By amending these laws, the bill would benefit Indian communities by increasing access to capital for Indian tribes and businesses, increasing oppor-tunities for Indian business promotion, and creating mechanisms and tools to attract business to Indian commu-nities. This bill will amend the Native American Business Development, Trade Promotion, and Tourism Act of 2000 in four ways. First, it would re-quire interagency coordination be-tween the Secretaries of Commerce, In-terior, and Treasury to develop initia-tives encouraging investment in Indian communities. It would elevate the Di-rector for the Indian programs in the Department of Commerce. The bill would make permanent the waiver of the requirement for Native CDFIs to provide a matching cost share for as-sistance received by the Treasury CDFI. In addition, the bill would estab-lish the Indian Economic Development Fund to support the Bureau of Indian Affairs Indian loan guarantee and CDFI bond guarantee program for Indian communities. The bill would also amend the Native American Programs Act to reauthorize the economic development programs For economic development programs governed by this act, the bill would prioritize applications and technical assistance for building tribal court sys-tems and code development for eco-nomic development, supporting CDFIs, and developing master plans for com-munity and economic development. This legislation would also amend the Indian Trader Act. The bill main-tains current law and actions taken thereunder, but simply adds authority for the Secretary of the Interior to waive the licensing requirement for traders under this statute where an In-dian tribe has a tribal law governing trade or commerce in its Indian lands. The bill would amend the Buy Indian Act to facilitate the use of and more accountability for the Buy Indian Act in procurement decisions by the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs and the Indian Health Service. Through this bill, more jobs at the local level would be created and small businesses are assisted. Indian tribes could engage in more cohesive commu-nity development and infrastructure building. In addition, Federal bureauc-racy is diminished, thereby reducing the costs of economic development. I look forward to working with my colleagues to advance this important and beneficial piece of legislation for Indian communities. By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. F RANKEN , and Ms. H
IRONO ): S. 3241. A bill to amend the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act to reaffirm the United States’ historic commit-ment to protecting refugees who are fleeing persecution or torture; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today I am reintroducing the Refugee Protec-tion Act, along with Senators Franken, Durbig and Hirono. The world is con-fronting the worst refugee crisis since World War II. There are more than 65 million people who have been forcibly displaced around the globe. In the face of such staggering human suffering, we must not lower our torch—we must raise it higher. The Refugee Protection Act of 2016 takes important steps to bolster and update our laws to address the urgency of today’s crisis. Now, more than ever, we must reaffirm our role as a humanitarian leader and renew our commitment to those fleeing persecution across the world. The ongoing conflict in Syria makes clear the enormity of the humanitarian crisis we face. The terror inflicted by Bashar Al-Assad’s regime and ISIS, which now subjects vast swaths of the region to its barbaric rule, has forced more than half of Syria’s 23 million people from their homes and claimed the lives of hundreds of thousands of civilians Currently, there are more than 4.8 million registered Syrian refu-gees, the overwhelming majority of whom are women and children. The United States must assert its leadership in efforts to resettle the in-nocent victims of this catastrophe. That is precisely the call so many of us respondedjiipj:st a year ago when the world came together stunned and heartbroken over the image of a 3-year- old Syrian child’s lifeless body washed up on a Turkish beach. His tragic death touched our hearts and focused our at-tention on the desperate plight of this population. We must not forget him or the plight of the thousands of other children who are attempting the same terrifying journey to safety. We also cannot ignore the humani-tarian crisis that is closer to home. Ruthless armed gangs in El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala continue to brutalize women and children with im-punity. El Salvador and Guatemala have the highest child murder rates in the world—higher even than in the war zones of Iraq and Afghanistan. These three Central American countries also account for some of the highest rates of female homicide worldwide. The vio-lence and impunity in the Northern 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.060 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5168 July 14, 2016 
Triangle has forced thousands of moth-ers and children to flee and seek refuge wherever they can find it. The adminis-tration’s Central American Refugees Minor, CAM program and its expansion of the Refugee Admissions Program in Central America are an acknowledg-ment of the unique protection needs re-sulting from this crisis. In response to these challenges, and so many others around the world, we must adapt our laws to make good on our commitment as a nation of refuge and freedom. It is our moral obligation but it is also in our national interest. Our refugee program sends a powerful message to the rest of the world: Amer-ica is not your enemy. We stand against persecution and terrorism in all its forms. A strong refugee program undermines the hateful propaganda of ISIS that there is a war between Islam and the West, that Muslims are not welcome here, and that the ISIS ca-liphate is their true home. By offering refuge to the world’s most vulnerable people, regardless of their religion or nationality, our refugee program lays bare those lies. The landmark Refugee Act of 1980 af-firmed the commitments we made in ratifying the 1951 Refugee Convention. The Refugee Protection Act of 2016 that Jam introducing today would re-affirm the spirit of those commitments and ensure that our law is up to meet-ing the humanitarian crisis of our time. First, our bill would repeal harsh and unnecessary hurdles that exist in cur-rent law. It would eliminate the re-quirement that asylees file for asylum within one year of arrival. This is an arbitrary deadline that has prevented many deserving people from pursuing legitimate protection claims. It is par-ticularly harmful to those individuals who may be slow to come forward and recount their trauma, such as victims of rape or torture. The bill also in-cludes important safeguards to ensure that victims of gender-based persecu-tion and LGBT asylum-seekers receive the protection they deserve. Second, our bill provides critical pro-tections for children and families. It would enable vulnerable minors seek-ing asylum to have their cases adju-dicated by an asylum officer in a non- adversarial setting. Importantly, our bill would require the Attorney Gen-eral to appoint counsel for children and other vulnerable individuals, allowing those who cannot advocate for them-selves to receive a fair day in court. It is unconscionable that young children are being brought before U.S. Immigra-tion judges without a lawyer to rep-resent them. And, it would provide that all children in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security must be adequately screened for pro-tection needs. Our legislation also includes impor-tant protections for refugee families. It would allow certain children and fam-ily members of refugees to be consid-ered derivative applicants for refugee status if they have undergone the req-uisite security checks. Refugees escap-ing persecution should not have to choose between finding refuge and keeping their families together. Third, our bill promotes a more effi-cient asylum and refugee process. It would require timely notice of immi-gration charges and provide for up-dated conditions of detention, pre-venting individuals from languishing in detention at taxpayer expense and encouraging efficient case adjudication in our immigration courts. It includes measures to provide particularly vul-nerable individuals with a full and fair opportunity to seek protection in the United States. The bill would also es-tablish a secure ‘‘alternatives to deten-tion’’ program to ensure the appear-ance of individuals in removal pro-ceedings. Finally, our bill would facilitate the integration of refugees into our com-munities, which is a longstanding tra-dition in this country. It ensures that the Reception and Placement grants, which help refugees become self-suffi-cient, are adjusted on an annual basis for inflation and cost of living. It would also provide that resettled refu-gees who work for our government overseas do not face unnecessary hur-dles in their adjustment to lawful per-manent residence. Our bill also author-izes a study of our refugee resettlement program and improves the collection of data to ensure that our resettlement system uses resources efficiently. I am proud of the role Vermont has played in welcoming refugees. Since 1989, our State has welcomed nearly 8,000 refugees from more than a dozen war-torn countries. RecerThy, Mayor Christopher Louras and members of the Rutland community announced plans to resettle 100 Syrian refugees. I ap-plaud their decision, which should serve as an example to other commu-nities in Vermont and across the coun-try. I am confident that Vermont will do its part to provide a welcoming home for these families. I am hopeful that if we pause and re-member the role refugees and asylum- seekers have played for generations in making our communities strong and vibrant, we will be able to move past the hateful, ugly rhetoric of this cam-paign season. Our moral obligation to innocent victims of persecution de-mands it, and our national interest re-quires it. I urge all Senators to support the Refugee Protection Act of 2016. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , and Mr. D URBIN ): S. 3252. A bill to require States to automatically register eligible voters to vote in elections for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, my friend J
OHNLEWIS often says that ‘‘the right to vote is the most powerful nonviolent tool we have in a democracy.’’ I could not agree more with him. We are a bet-ter and more representative Nation when more Americans participate in our democracy, and we can help foster greater participation by modernizing the way we register our voters. That is why today, I am introducing the Automatic Voter Registration Act of 2016, a bill to require states to auto-matically register citizens who are eli-gible to vote by working with State and Federal agencies. Individuals have the option of declining automatic reg-istration, but this bill would provide for a registration process that is more efficient and accurate. Importantly, the information used by the agencies to automatically register individuals will remain private and secure, and can only be used for voter registration, election administration, or prosecution of election crimes. The bill also takes steps to stream-line the voter registration process, by providing for online registration and greater portability of registration when an individual moves to a different location in the same state. Under this bill, no individual can be unfairly pe-nalized for inadvertent registration, and punishment is preserved only in cases of intentional registration fraud or illegal voting. These are all common sense measures that would make it easier for Americans to maintain accu-rate voter registration information, and they further help to ensure that our voter rolls are current and up-to- date. My efforts in trying to extend auto-matic registration to every State is consistent with efforts in Vermont, which became just the fourth State to pass an automatic voter registration bill this past April. The State of Vermont and its superb Secretary of State—Jim Condos—have been leaders in improving access to the ballot box. I cannot offer enough praise for what they have done. State election officials have esti-mated that Vermont could add 30,000 to 50,000 voters to the State’s rolls when its new automatic voter registration law takes effect after the 2016 election. Now imagine if we can provide similar improvements to the registration rolls for every State in this great Nation. Our union can only become stronger and more representative with the par-ticipation of a broader electorate. Ac-cording to a report from the Brennan Center released in September 2015, a comprehensive automatic voter reg-istration plan could potentially add up to 50 million eligible voters to the rolls. Moreover, not only would it save money and increase accuracy, but it would also reduce the potential for fraud and protect the integrity of our elections. There is no reason why every eligible citizen cannot have the option of auto-matic registration when they visit the DMV, sign up for healthcare, or sign up for classes in college. These are just some of the agencies or institutions that would work with the States to provide for automatic voter registra-tion. We live in a modern world, and we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.060 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5169 July 14, 2016 
should strive to have a registration system that reflects that. I would like to thank the Brennan Center for Justice for working so close-ly with me and my staff on this bill. I would also like to thank Senators K
LO-
BUCHAR and D URBIN for joining me in introducing this bill. A House com-panion bill is being introduced by Con-gressman B
RADY of Pennsylvania, the Ranking Member on the House Com-mittee on House Administration. I am proud to join all of these individuals in fighting to increase access to the ballot box for all Americans. The Automatic Voter Registration Act of 2016 is common sense legislation that all members of Congress should be able to support. However, this bill is part of a larger set of voting reforms that we must take on without further delay. We cannot talk about voting without mentioning the fact that this will be the first presidential election where the American people will be without the full protections of the Vot-ing Rights Act since its original pas-sage. It has now been more than three years since the Supreme Court’s dev-astating decision in Shelby County v. Holder. In that case, five justices severely weakened the Federal government’s ability to prevent racial discrimina-tory voting changes from taking effect before those changes occur. The rul-ing’s impact on voters across the coun-try has been even worse than imagined. Before the ink dried on the Court’s opinion, elected officials in several states rushed to exploit the decision by enacting voting laws that dispropor-tionately prevent or discourage mi-norities from voting. According to the Brennan Center for Justice, at least 17 states have passed new voter restric-tion laws for the 2016 election. Millions of voters risk being disenfranchised for this election, and yet, this Republican majority—in both the House and the Senate—refuses to even hold a hearing on the issue. The fundamental right to vote is too important for partisan politics. We must restore the full protections of the Voting Rights Act to ensure that no American’s right to vote is infringed, and we must implement an automatic voter registration system to ensure that every American who wishes to vote is able to do so. This is an issue that cannot wait. It is long past time for Congress to respond with action. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 3263. A bill to promote innovation and realize the efficiency gains and economic benefits of on-demand com-puting by accelerating the acquisition and deployment of innovative tech-nology and computing resources throughout the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, data has become a form of currency. Today, businesses and government are proc-essing and storing more information than ever. This creates access, organi-zation, and security problems for gov-ernment agencies using outdated, leg-acy IT systems. I worked in the technology sector for over a decade. We were doing cloud computing before the cloud even had a name. So I know first-hand the advan-tages cloud computing offers from a cost-saving, organization, and security perspective. The private sector is transitioning to cloud computing systems at a rapid pace, but the government continues to lag behind. There are unnecessary im-pediments related to planning, funding, and procurement that inhibit Federal agencies from migrating to cloud com-puting services. That is why I am proud to join my colleagues Senator MORAN , Senator U
DALL , and Senator W ARNER in intro-ducing the Cloud IT Act. This bill will accelerate deployment of cloud com-puting services in the Federal govern-ment by removing impediments to in-vestment. It will streamline the pro-curement process for IT tools and en-courage the government to work more closely with the cloud computing in-dustry. Migrating Federal government sys-tems to cloud computing services will reduce redundancies and save time and taxpayer dollars. I ask my colleagues to join me in cosponsoring this much needed legislation. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. T
ILLIS ): S. 3269. A bill to require the Attorney General to make a determination as to whether cannabidiol should be a con-trolled substance and listed in a sched-ule under the Controlled Substances Act and to expand research on the po-tential medical benefits of cannabidiol and other marijuana components; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise today to introduce the Cannabidiol Research Expansion Act of 2016, with my Judiciary Committee colleagues, Senators G
RASSLEY , LEAHY , and T ILLIS . This narrowly focused legislation re-sponsibly cuts the red tape that hinders marijuana research, paving the way for important studies to determine if cannabidiol, a non-psychoactive component of marijuana often referred to as CBD, can be a safe and effective medication for serious illnesses, such as intractable epilepsy. It does this while maintaining safe-guards to protect against illegal diver-sion. First, the bill directs the Depart-ments of Justice and Health and Human Services to complete a sci-entific and medical evaluation of CBD within one year. Based on this evaluation, the legisla-tion directs the Department of Justice to make a scheduling recommendation for CBD that is independent of mari-juana. This has never been done before. Second, without sacrificing appro-priate oversight, it streamlines the regulatory process for marijuana re-search. In particular, it improves regulations dealing with changes to approved quan-tities of marijuana needed for research and approved research protocols. It also expedites the Drug Enforce-ment Administration registration proc-ess for researching CBD and marijuana. Third, this legislation seeks to in-crease medical research on CBD, while simultaneously reducing the stigma as-sociated with conducting research on a Schedule I drug. It does so by explicitly authorizing medical and osteopathic schools, re-search universities, and pharma-ceutical companies to use a Schedule II Drug Enforcement Administration reg-istration to conduct authorized med-ical research on CBD. Given that the security requirements for conducting research on Schedule I and II drugs are nearly identical, this change would not jeopardize important safeguards against illegal diversion. Fourth, the bill allows medical schools, research institutions, and pharmaceutical companies to produce the marijuana they need for authorized medical research. This will ensure that researchers have access to the material they need to develop proven, effective medicines. Finally, the bill allows parents who have children with intractable epi-lepsy, as well as adults with intrac-table epilepsy, to possess and transport cannabidiol or other non-psychoactive components of marijuana used to treat this disease while research is ongoing. To do so, parents and adults must be able to provide documentation that they or their child have been treated by a board-certified neurologist for at least 6 months, and have certifications from their neurologist that other treatment options have been ex-hausted, and that the potential bene-fits outweigh the harms of using these non-psychoactive components of mari-juana. The Cannabidiol Research Expansion Act will responsibly reduce barriers and spur additional research to ensure that CBD and other marijuana-derived medications are based on the most up to date scientific evidence. I believe this bill is critical to help families across the country as they seek safe, effective medicines for seri-ous illnesses, and I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this impor-tant legislation. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 3270. A bill to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the jus-tice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I have fought for years to protect our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.061 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5170 July 14, 2016 
Nation’s seniors from abuse and exploi-tation—initially, as former Chairman of the Senate Aging Committee, former Chairman of Senate Finance Com-mittee, and more recently, as Chair-man of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee. Two weeks ago, I chaired a Judiciary Committee hearing on Protecting Older Americans from Financial Ex-ploitation. At the hearing, we heard about numerous scams in which seniors were targeted time after time, result-ing in their being defrauded, often with devastating consequences. We also heard that many older Americans don’t report instances of elder abuse or ex-ploitation due to embarrassment, a re-fusal to acknowledge that they were victimized, or reliance on the perpe-trator as their caretaker. Sadly, these accounts of elder abuse are nothing new. What has changed is that the scams targeting seniors are becoming increasingly sophisticated. That is one of the reasons why elder fi-nancial exploitation has been dubbed ‘‘the crime of the 21st century.’’ I have made it a top priority to get the federal government to step up its efforts to fight the abuse, neglect, and financial exploitation of our Nation’s seniors. To this end, I recently called on the Justice Department to outline its ef-forts to prevent and respond to in-stances of elder abuse. First, I sent a letter to the Department to find out what it’s doing to protect seniors from a new and particularly troubling form of exploitation: the photographing and online publication of nursing home residents in embarrassing and compro-mising situations. I also sent a letter to inquire about the Department’s efforts to fight im-poster scams, in which fraudsters pose as employees of the IRS or another government agency, in order to deprive ordinary Americans of millions of dol-lars of their hard earned money. Most recently, I asked about the data the Department is collecting on finan-cial exploitation, as well as how this data is being used to support Federal efforts to protect America’s seniors. In its response to my inquiries, the Justice Department effectively admit-ted that it falls short in several re-spects. The Department said that it ‘‘does not collect data on the preva-lence of elder financial exploitation na-tionwide.’’ Further, the Department said that it can’t provide statistical in-formation on the number of cases it has prosecuted for elder financial ex-ploitation. What all this means is that we are not getting the full picture of elder fi-nancial exploitation. We do know that some older Ameri-cans’ trusting and polite nature, com-bined with their hard-earned retire-ment savings, make them particularly attractive targets for fraudsters. We also know that the abuse and exploi-tation of older Americans is on the rise and it can take many forms. Financial exploitation is the most widespread form of elder abuse, costing America’s seniors between an esti-mated $2.9 billion and $36 billion annu-ally. But, sadly, its costs aren’t limited to the negative effect on seniors’ bank accounts. Victims suffer all sorts of negative effects, including diminished health, loss of independence, and psy-chological distress. It is estimated that up to 37 percent of seniors in the United States are af-fected by some form of financial exploi-tation in any 5-year period. In my home State of Iowa, so-called grandparent scams are on the rise. In these scams, fraudsters present them-selves to an older American as a grand-child in distress, hoping to convince the grandparent to send cash or give out a credit card number. Con artists are also using sweep-stakes scams to steal money from sen-iors. A senior is called and told they have won a prize or sum of money. But before they can claim the supposed prize, the victim is required to pay taxes or processing fees. Once the money is paid to cover the taxes and fees, however, no prize ever material-izes. Other instances of elder financial ex-ploitation are more personal in nature and have especially devastating effects. Some victims are pressured into sign-ing over a deed, modifying a will, or giving a power of attorney. Americans have lost their farms, homes, and life savings to this form of fraud. In short, elder abuse and exploitation is a serious problem, and it demands a strong response. It requires all of us to work together in a collaborative way. So, today I am proud to introduce the Elder Abuse Prevention and Pros-ecution Act. I thank my colleagues— Senators B
LUMENTHAL , CORNYN , KLO-
BUCHAR , RUBIO, and B ENNET for collabo-rating with me on this comprehensive bill’s development and joining as origi-nal cosponsors. It takes a multi- pronged, bipartisan approach to com-bating the abuse and financial exploi-tation of our nation’s senior citizens. We’ve heard a need for specialized prosecutors and more focused efforts to combat abuse and exploitation. That is why the bill directs the Attorney Gen-eral to designate at least one federal prosecutor in each U.S. Attorney’s Of-fice to serve as an Elder Justice Coor-dinator for that district. To ensure that elder abuse is a pri-ority for the Federal Trade Commis-sion and the Justice Department, the bill also calls for each agency to have an Elder Justice Coordinator. We also need to send a strong mes-sage that efforts to target our Nation’s seniors won’t be tolerated. That is why the bill enhances elder victims’ access to restitution and increases penalties for criminals who use telemarketing or email in their schemes to defraud sen-iors. The bill also requires that the Jus-tice Department partner with the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices to provide training and technical assistance to State and local govern-ments on the investigation, prevention, prosecution, and mitigation of elder abuse and neglect. Finally we have heard about the need for more data on financial exploitation and the government’s response. Gath-ering accurate information about elder abuse is not only crucial to under-standing the scope of the problem, but it is also essential in determining where resources should be allocated. So, the bill helps to accomplish that. It requires that data be collected from federal prosecutors and law enforce-ment in cases where an older American was the target of abuse or exploitation. These and other reforms included in the bill are the product of bipartisan discussion, as well as insight from key stakeholders and those who’ve been battling on the front lines. This 21st century crime requires a 21st century response. The Elder Abuse Prevention and Prosecution Act takes a strong step toward protecting our Na-tion’s seniors, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. L EE, Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. S
ESSIONS ): S. 3276. A bill to make habitual drunk drivers inadmissible and remov-able and to require the detention of any alien who is unlawfully present in the United States and has been charged with driving under the influence or driving while intoxicated; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, the Obama administration is putting Americans into harm’s way by releas-ing drunk drivers who are in the coun-try illegally back onto our streets. This is unbelievable when you consider that every two minutes, a person is in-jured by a drunk driver, and every day in America, 27 people die as a result of a drunk driving crash. These numbers translate into real people. I would like to talk about my con-stituent, Sarah Root, who was killed by a drunk driver the day she grad-uated from college. On January 31, 2016, Eswin Mejia, a Honduran national in the United States illegally, was drag racing in Omaha, NE, with a blood al-cohol level more than three times the legal limit. He struck 21–year-old Sarah Root’s vehicle from behind and she was killed. Mejia was charged with felony motor vehicle homicide. Al-though state authorities reportedly contacted ICE several times and re-quested the agency take custody of him prior to his release from state cus-tody, ICE refused. He was released on bond and is now a fugitive from justice. In Kentucky, Chelsea Hogue and Meghan Lake were seriously injured by a drunk driver in the country illegally who had been previously deported five times in one week. On February 7, 2016, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.066 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5171 July 14, 2016 
Jose Munoz Aguilar was arrested for drunk driving and colliding with a car occupied by the two young women, causing injuries to both women and putting one in a coma. Although Jose Aguilar was transferred to ICE cus-tody, he was promptly released because he didn’t meet the Obama administra-tion’s enforcement priorities. He re-mains at large. In May, three people from a Texas family were killed by a suspected drunk driver who had an outstanding warrant for a previous drunk driving conviction. He had three prior DWI of-fenses. One of the three family mem-bers—18 year old Mauricio Ramirez— was scheduled to graduate from high school just a few short weeks later. In Houston this May, an illegal im-migrant who was driving drunk and evading authorities injured a high school senior and killed a young girl who were on their way home from prom. The driver had been previously deported and attempted to run from the scene. On February 24, 2016, Esmid Valen-tine Pedraza was arrested in San Fran-cisco, California, for the murder of Stacey Aguilar. Prior to allegedly com-mitting the murder, Pedraza was re-portedly arrested by ICE and placed in removal proceedings in August 2013 after Pedraza’s conviction for DUI in Alameda County, California. Although ICE could have continued to detain him, ICE released him back onto the streets after he posted bond. Mesa, AZ Police Department Ser-geant Brandon Mendoza lost his life to an illegal immigrant who was driving the wrong way down a one-way street. The driver was three times over the legal limit and high on meth when he struck Sgt. Mendoza head on. Sgt. Mendoza had just finished his shift of keeping citizens and his community safe. Police Officer Kevin Will of Houston, TX, was struck and killed by a drunk driver as he investigated a hit-and-run accident. The driver was in the country illegally. In Phoenix, Police Officer Daryl Raetz was killed by a man who admit-ted to being drunk and high, and was in the country illegally. Officer Raetz was an Iraq war veteran and had been a po-lice officer for 6 years. He left behind a wife and daughter. Nobody argues that drunk driving is not a public safety risk, so it is re-markable that the Obama administra-tion’s own immigration enforcement priorities fail to take perpetrators off the street. Families coping with the grief of losing a loved one to such a senseless crime must also live with the reality that their government is quick to release offenders back into our com-munities. Today, along with several other Sen-ators, I am introducing the Taking Ac-tion Against Drunk Drivers Act. Our bill would ensure that federal immigra-tion authorities take custody and hold anyone in the country illegally who has been charged with driving under the influence, DUI, or driving while in-toxicated, DWI, taking them off the streets and protecting the public. Additionally, my bill would make immigrants with three DUI or DWI convictions inadmissible to and remov-able from the country. Finally, it would make three DUI or DWI convic-tions an aggravated felony under the Immigration and Nationality Act. This will allow for expedited removal and preclude eligibility for certain benefits and permanently bar legal admission into the country. We cannot let this current system that promotes the reckless death of in-nocent Americans continue. I encour-age my colleagues to join me in an ef-fort to protect our citizens from these dangerous people. 
By Mr. REID (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. W YDEN , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. W AR-
NER, Mr. C OONS , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. 3281. A bill to extend the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3281 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. EXTENSION OF IRAN SANCTIONS ACT OF 1996. 
Section 13(b) of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2026’’. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 535—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE TRAF-FICKING OF ILLICIT FENTANYL INTO THE UNITED STATES FROM MEXICO AND CHINA Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 535 Whereas the United States continues to ex-perience a prescription opioid and heroin use epidemic that claimed almost 30,000 lives in 2014; Whereas fentanyl is a synthetic opioid and the euphoric effects of fentanyl are some-times indistinguishable from the euphoric ef-fects of heroin or morphine; Whereas the effect of fentanyl can be ap-proximately 50 times stronger than heroin and 100 times stronger than morphine; Whereas although pharmaceutical fentanyl can be diverted for misuse, most fentanyl deaths are believed to be linked to illicitly manufactured fentanyl and illicit versions of chemically similar compounds known as fentanyl analogs (collectively referred to in this preamble as ‘‘illicit fentanyl’’); Whereas illicit fentanyl is potentially le-thal even if only a very small quantity of il-licit fentanyl is ingested or inhaled; Whereas across the United States, illicit fentanyl use and related deaths are rising at alarming rates; Whereas illicit fentanyl is cheaper to man-ufacture than heroin and the sale of illicit fentanyl is highly profitable for drug dealers; Whereas illicit fentanyl is sold for its her-oin-like effects and illicit fentanyl is often mixed with heroin, cocaine, or methamphet-amine as a combination product, with or without the knowledge of the user; Whereas illicit fentanyl is often produced to physically resemble other opioid pain medicines, such as oxycodone, which sell for high amounts on the street; Whereas drug users often overdose on il-licit fentanyl because users are unaware that they are ingesting illicit fentanyl and do not anticipate the toxicity and potential lethality of illicit fentanyl; Whereas, according to the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, between 2013 and 2014, the death rate from the use of syn-thetic opioids, including illicit fentanyl and synthetic opioid pain relievers other than methadone, increased 80 percent, and those deaths are largely attributable to fentanyl rather than other prescription synthetics; Whereas, in 2015, the Drug Enforcement Administration (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘DEA’’) issued a National Drug Threat Assessment Summary, which found that Mexican transnational criminal organi-zations are— (1) one of the greatest criminal drug threats to the United States; and (2) poly-drug organizations that use estab-lished transportation routes and distribution networks to traffic heroin, methamphet-amine, cocaine, and marijuana throughout the United States; Whereas, in 2016, the DEA issued a Na-tional Heroin Threat Assessment Summary, which found that ‘‘starting in late 2013, sev-eral states reported spikes in overdose deaths due to fentanyl and its analog acetyl- fentanyl’’; Whereas the 2016 National Heroin Threat Assessment Summary found that— (1) Mexican drug traffickers are expanding their operations to gain a larger share of eastern United States heroin markets; and (2) the availability of heroin is increasing throughout the United States; Whereas between 2013 and 2014, more than 700 fentanyl-related deaths in the United States were attributable to illicit fentanyl; Whereas the number of deaths attributable to illicit fentanyl may be significantly underreported because— (1) coroners and medical examiners do not test, or lack the resources to test, routinely for fentanyl; (2) crime laboratories lack the resources to test routinely for fentanyl; and (3) illicit fentanyl deaths may erroneously be attributed to heroin; Whereas, in March 2015, the DEA issued a nationwide alert on illicit fentanyl as a threat to health and public safety; Whereas illicit fentanyl has the potential to endanger public health workers, first re-sponders, and law enforcement personnel who may unwittingly come into contact with illicit fentanyl by accidentally inhaling airborne powder; Whereas the 2015 National Drug Threat As-sessment Summary found that— (1) Mexico is the primary source for illicit fentanyl trafficked into the United States; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:57 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.068 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5172 July 14, 2016 
(2) distributors in China are the source of the fentanyl analogs and the precursor chemicals to manufacture fentanyl analogs that are found in Mexico; Whereas fentanyl produced illicitly in Mexico is— (1) smuggled across the southwest border of the United States, or delivered through mail and express consignment couriers; and (2) often mixed with heroin or diluents in the United States and then distributed in the same United States markets in which white powder heroin is distributed; and Whereas United States law enforcement of-ficials have recently seen— (1) an influx of illicit fentanyl into the United States directly from China; and (2) shipments of the equipment to manu-facture illicit fentanyl, such as pill presses: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the use of illicit fentanyl in the United States and the resulting overdose deaths are a public health crisis; (2) the trafficking of illicit fentanyl into the United States, especially the trafficking of illicit fentanyl by transnational criminal organizations, is a problem that requires close cooperation between the United States Government and the Governments of Mexico and China; (3) the United States Government and the Governments of Mexico and China have a shared interest in, and responsibility for, stopping the trafficking of fentanyl into the United States and all 3 countries should de-velop joint actions to attain that goal; (4) the United States should— (A) support the Governments of Mexico and China in the efforts of the Governments of Mexico and China to stop the trafficking of illicit fentanyl into the United States; (B) take further measures to reduce and prevent heroin and fentanyl consumption through the use of evidence-based preven-tion, treatment, and recovery services; and (C) provide access to treatment and reha-bilitation to help individuals with substance use disorders recover; and (5) the United States Government, includ-ing the Secretary of State, the Attorney General, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, and the Director of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy, should use the broad diplomatic and law enforcement re-sources of the United States, in partnership with the Governments of Mexico and China, to stop the trafficking of illicit fentanyl into the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 536—PRO-CLAIMING THE WEEK OF OCTO-BER 30 THROUGH NOVEMBER 5, 2016, AS ‘‘NATIONAL OBESITY CARE WEEK’’ Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 536 Whereas the disease of obesity is a major source of concern across the United States, and more than one-third of adults in the United States are affected by obesity, with the number of people with severe obesity in the United States continuing to grow; Whereas experts and researchers agree that obesity is a complex disease influenced by various physiological, environmental, and genetic factors; Whereas, while prevention programs have successfully established the seriousness of the public health crisis posed by obesity, it is also imperative that individuals and fami-lies currently affected by obesity receive comprehensive care and treatment; Whereas studies show that bias against and stigma associated with people affected by obesity among general society and healthcare professionals are significant bar-riers to effectively treating the disease; Whereas healthcare professionals, policy-makers, patients, and families should regard obesity with the same level of seriousness with which other chronic diseases are re-garded; Whereas research suggests that weight loss of as little as 5 to 10 percent of the total weight of an individual affected by obesity can improve the associated health risks af-fecting many patients living with obesity and can thereby support the goals of Federal and State initiatives to reduce chronic dis-ease, improve health outcomes, and help con-trol healthcare costs; Whereas healthcare professionals should treat patients with respect and compassion and should partner with patients to develop comprehensive and individualized ap-proaches to weight loss and weight manage-ment that consider all appropriate treat-ment options, such as reduced-calorie diets, physical activity modifications, pharmacotherapy, and bariatric surgery; and Whereas it will take a long-term collabo-rative effort, which will involve individual, corporate, and institutional partners in all fields taking active roles, to ignite the bet-terment of obesity care and treatment: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) proclaims the week of October 30 through November 5, 2016, as ‘‘National Obe-sity Care Week’’; and (2) encourages all people in the United States to create a foundation of open com-munication to break barriers of misunder-standing and stigma regarding obesity and to improve the lives of all individuals af-fected by obesity and their families. f SENATE RESOLUTION 537—EX-PRESSING PROFOUND CONCERN ABOUT THE ONGOING POLITICAL, ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND HUMANI-TARIAN CRISIS IN VENEZUELA, URGING THE RELEASE OF PO-LITICAL PRISONERS, AND CALL-ING FOR RESPECT OF CONSTITU-TIONAL AND DEMOCRATIC PROC-ESSES Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. K AINE, Mr. K IRK, Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mrs. B OXER , and Mr. B LUNT ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations: 
S. R ES. 537 Whereas the deterioration of basic govern-ance and the economic crisis in Venezuela have reached deeply troubling levels, which in turn have led to an unprecedented human-itarian situation in Venezuela where mil-lions of people are suffering from severe shortages of essential medicines and basic food products; Whereas Venezuela lacks more than 80 per-cent of the basic medical supplies and equip-ment needed to treat its population, includ-ing medicine to treat chronic illnesses and cancer as well as basic antibiotics, and 85 percent of pharmacies are at risk of bank-ruptcy, according to the Venezuelan Phar-maceutical Federation; Whereas, despite the massive shortages of basic foodstuffs and essential medicines, President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro has rejected repeated requests from the majority of members of the National Assembly and civil society organizations to bring humani-tarian aid into the country; Whereas the International Monetary Fund assesses that, in Venezuela, inflation reached 275 percent and gross domestic product con-tracted 5.7 percent in 2015, and further projects that inflation will reach 720 percent and the gross domestic product will contract an additional 8 percent in 2016; Whereas Venezuela’s political, economic, and humanitarian crisis is fueling social ten-sions that are resulting in growing incidents of public unrest, looting, and violence among citizens; Whereas these social distortions are taking place amidst an alarming climate of violence as Caracas continues to have the highest per capita homicide rate in the world at 120 per 100,000 citizens, according to the United Na-tions Office on Drug and Crime; Whereas the deterioration of governance in Venezuela has been exacerbated by wide-spread public corruption and the involve-ment of public officials in illicit narcotics trafficking and related money laundering, which has led to indictments by the United States Department of Justice and ongoing investigations by the United States Depart-ment of Treasury and the United States Drug Enforcement Administration; Whereas domestic and international human rights groups recognize more than 85 political prisoners in Venezuela, including opposition leader and former Chacao mayor Leopoldo Lopez, Judge Maria Lourdes Afiuni, Caracas Mayor Antonio Ledezma, former Zulia governor Manuel Rosales, and former San Cristobal mayor Daniel Ceballos; Whereas, in December 2015, the people of Venezuela elected the opposition coalition (Mesa de Unidad Democra´tica) to a two- thirds majority in the unicameral National Assembly, with 112 out of the 167 seats com-pared with 55 seats for the government’s Partido Socialista Unido de Venezuela party; Whereas, in late December 2015, the out-going National Assembly increased the num-ber of seats in the Supreme Court of Ven-ezuela and confirmed magistrates politically aligned with the Maduro Administration and, thereafter, the expanded Supreme Court has blocked four legislators, including 3 op-position legislators, from taking office; Whereas, during the first 6 months of the new legislature, the Supreme Court has re-peatedly issued politically motivated judg-ments to overturn legislation passed by the democratically elected National Assembly and block internal legislative procedures; Whereas, in 2016, President Maduro has uti-lized emergency and legislative decree pow-ers to bypass the National Assembly, which, alongside the actions of the Supreme Court, have severely undermined the principles of separation of powers in Venezuela; Whereas, in May 2016, Organization of American States Secretary General Luis Almagro presented a 132-page report out-lining grave alterations of the democratic order in Venezuela and invoked Article 20 of the Inter-American Democratic Charter, which calls on the OAS Permanent Council ‘‘to undertake a collective assessment of the situation’’; Whereas, in June 2016, at a joint press con-ference with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of Canada and President Enrique Pen ˜a Nieto of Mexico, President Barack Obama stated, ‘‘Given the very serious situation in Ven-ezuela and the worsening plight of the Ven-ezuelan people, together we’re calling on the government and opposition to engage in meaningful dialogue and urge the Ven-ezuelan government to respect the rule of law and the authority of the National As-sembly.’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.070 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5173 July 14, 2016 
Whereas, at the joint press conference with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Presi-dent Pen˜a Nieto, President Barack Obama continued, ‘‘Political prisoners should be re-leased. The democratic process should be re-spected and that includes legitimate efforts to pursue a recall referendum consistent with Venezuelan law.’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) expresses its profound concern about widespread shortages of essential medicines and basic food products faced by the people of Venezuela, and urges President Maduro to permit the delivery of humanitarian assist-ance; (2) calls on the Government of Venezuela to immediately release all political pris-oners, to provide protections for freedom of expression and assembly, and to respect internationally recognized human rights; (3) supports meaningful efforts towards a dialogue that leads to respect for Ven-ezuela’s constitutional mechanisms and re-solves the country’s political, economic, so-cial, and humanitarian crisis; (4) affirms its support for OAS Secretary General Almagro’s invocation of Article 20 of the Inter-American Democratic Charter and urges the OAS Permanent Council, which represents all of the organization’s member states, to undertake a collective assessment of the constitutional and democratic order in Venezuela; (5) expresses its great concern over the Venezuelan executive’s lack of respect for the principle of separation of powers, its overreliance on emergency decree powers, and its subjugation of judicial independence; (6) calls on the Government of Venezuela and security forces to respect the Constitu-tion of Venezuela, including constitutional provisions that provide Venezuelan citizens with the right to peacefully pursue a fair and timely recall referendum for their president this year if they so choose; (7) stresses the urgency of strengthening the rule of law and increasing efforts to com-bat impunity and public corruption in Ven-ezuela, which has bankrupted a resource-rich country, fuels rising social tensions, and contributes to elevated levels of crime and violence; and (8) urges the President of the United States to provide full support for OAS efforts in favor of constitutional and democratic solu-tions to the political impasse, and to in-struct appropriate Federal agencies to hold officials of the Government of Venezuela ac-countable for violations of United States law and abuses of internationally recognized human rights. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 538—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 2016 AS ‘‘NATIONAL SPINAL CORD IN-JURY AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. N
EL-
SON) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 538 Whereas approximately 282,000 individuals in the United States live with a spinal cord injury; Whereas spinal cord injuries account for billions of dollars in health care costs and lost wages in the United States; Whereas approximately 40,000 spinal cord injury victims are veterans who suffered a spinal cord injury while serving in the Armed Forces of the United States; Whereas motor vehicle accidents are the leading cause of spinal cord injuries and the third leading cause of traumatic brain inju-ries; Whereas motor vehicle accidents account for approximately 50 percent of all spinal cord injuries to children under the age of 18; Whereas there is an urgent need to develop new neuroprotection, pharmacological, and regeneration treatments to reduce and pre-vent future incidences of paralysis and re-verse current incidences of paralysis; and Whereas increased education and invest-ment in research are key factors in improv-ing outcomes for victims of spinal cord inju-ries, improving the quality of life of victims of spinal cord injuries, and ultimately curing paralysis: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates September 2016 as ‘‘National Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month’’; (2) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month; (3) continues to support research to find better treatments, therapies, and a cure for spinal cord injuries; (4) supports clinical trials for promising new therapies that offer hope to individuals living with paralysis; and (5) commends the dedication of national, regional, and local organizations, research-ers, doctors, volunteers, and people of the United States that are working to improve the quality of life of individuals living with a spinal cord injury and the families of indi-viduals living with a spinal cord injury. f SENATE RESOLUTION 539—CON-DEMNING THE HORRIFIC ACTS OF VIOLENCE AND HATRED IN DALLAS, TEXAS, ON JULY 7, 2016, AND EXPRESSING SUPPORT AND PRAYERS FOR ALL THOSE IM-PACTED BY THE TRAGEDY Mr. CORNYN submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 539 Whereas, on July 7, 2016, during a rally and march in Dallas, Texas, a lone gunman opened fire, killing 5 police officers and wounding 9 other officers and 2 bystanders; Whereas this act of violence and hatred is the deadliest attack on United States law enforcement officers since the terrorist at-tacks of September 11, 2001; Whereas this act of violence and hatred oc-curred during a lawful, peaceful, nonviolent political demonstration; Whereas this attack took place with the intention of targeting police officers; Whereas Federal, State, and local law en-forcement personnel performed their duties admirably during the attack and risked their lives for the safety of the people of Dallas; and Whereas the residents of Dallas came to-gether to support the victims, and the fami-lies, friends, and loved ones of the victims: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns, in the strongest possible terms, the heinous attack that occurred in Dallas, Texas, on July 7, 2016; (2) expresses its belief that an attack upon a police officer is an affront to the rule of law and the promise of justice, domestic tranquility, common defense, and general welfare and the blessings of liberty secured by the Constitution of the United States; (3) offers its condolences to the families, friends, and loved ones of those who were killed while protecting the city of Dallas and expresses its hope for the quick and complete recovery of the survivors wounded in the shooting; (4) applauds the bravery and dedication ex-hibited by the hundreds of Federal, State, and local law enforcement officials, emer-gency medical responders, and others who of-fered their support and assistance; and (5) stands together united against violence and hatred, and in support of the brave and honorable police officers across the United States who work every day to keep the coun-try safe. f SENATE RESOLUTION 540—COM-MENDING THE OFFICERS OF THE COMMISSIONED CORPS OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICE FOR THEIR WORK IN FIGHTING EBOLA Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 540 Whereas the Commissioned Corps of the Public Health Service (in this preamble re-ferred to as the ‘‘Commissioned Corps’’) traces its antecedents to the creation of the Marine Hospital Service in the Act entitled ‘‘An Act for the relief of sick and disabled seamen’’, approved July 16, 1798; Whereas the Commissioned Corps today consists of approximately 6,700 commis-sioned officers who serve in 11 specialty areas; Whereas thousands of officers of the Com-missioned Corps have deployed in the after-math of natural disasters such as Hurricanes Katrina and Rita and Superstorm Sandy; Whereas almost 900 officers of the Commis-sioned Corps deployed to Iraq and Afghani-stan to support members of the Armed Forces stationed in those locations; Whereas the officers of the Commissioned Corps constitute a rapidly-deployable force of medical professionals who serve public health in the United States and foreign countries; Whereas more than 300 officers of the Com-missioned Corps deployed to Liberia to treat Ebola patients, voluntarily accepting the risks associated with treating patients who carried this deadly disease; Whereas hundreds of other officers of the Commissioned Corps provided support to the officers who were deployed to Liberia; Whereas the Ebola epidemic in Liberia no longer represents a public health emergency of international concern, as determined by the World Health Organization, due in part to the intervention of officers of the Com-missioned Corps; and Whereas the United States was spared the danger of an Ebola outbreak because the dis-ease was contained in West Africa: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate commends all of the officers of the Commissioned Corps of the Public Health Service who participated in the effort to prevent an Ebola outbreak in the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 541—RECOG-NIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ESTABLISHMENT OF HA-WAII VOLCANOES NATIONAL PARK AND HALEAKALA NA-TIONAL PARK IN THE STATE OF HAWAII, AND DESIGNATING AU-GUST 1, 2016, AS ‘‘HAWAII VOLCA-NOES AND HALEAKALA NA-TIONAL PARKS DAY’’ Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. S
CHATZ ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.072 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5174 July 14, 2016 
S. R ES. 541 Whereas the Hawaii National Park was es-tablished by section 1 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to establish a national park in the Territory of Hawaii’’, approved August 1, 1916 (16 U.S.C. 391), consisting of tracts of land on the island of Hawaii and on the is-land of Maui; Whereas the portion of the Hawaii Na-tional Park situated on the island of Hawaii was renamed Hawaii Volcanoes National Park by Public Law 87–278 (16 U.S.C. 391d); Whereas Hawaii Volcanoes National Park protects and interprets the largest and most continuously active shield volcanoes in the United States and provides the best physical evidence of island-building processes, which continue to form the 2,000 mile-long Hawai-ian archipelago; Whereas Hawaii Volcanoes National Park provides access to 2 of the most active volca-noes in the world and an opportunity to un-derstand and appreciate the distinctive geol-ogy and natural and cultural adaptations to the land; Whereas, through Hawaii Volcanoes Na-tional Park, the National Park Service pro-tects, restores, and studies unique and di-verse ecosystems and endemic species that are the result of more than 30,000,000 years of evolution in an isolated environment charac-terized by its active volcanic landscape and wide climate variations; Whereas, in 1978, more than 100,000 acres of the park were designated as wilderness, which constitutes the largest and most eco-logically diverse wilderness in the Pacific Is-lands, by section 401(6) of the National Parks and Recreation Act of 1978 (Public Law 95– 625; 16 U.S.C. 1132 note); Whereas Hawaii Volcanoes National Park embraces the Native Hawaiian spiritual sig-nificance of the landscape and interprets re-lated cultural traditions; Whereas the park encompasses sites, struc-tures, objects, and landscapes that document more than 600 years of human life and activi-ties on an active volcanic landscape; Whereas the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization des-ignated Hawaii Volcanoes National Park as a biosphere reserve in 1980 and as a World Her-itage Site on December 10, 1987; Whereas, effective July 1, 1961, Haleakala National Park was established by Public Law 86–744 (16 U.S.C. 396b) as a separate unit of the National Park System on the detached portion of the Hawaii National Park on the island of Maui; Whereas Haleakala National Park protects a wild volcanic landscape with a wide array of fragile and diverse native ecosystems, in-cluding plant and animal species found no-where else on Earth; Whereas extreme gradients of rainfall and temperature shape the remarkable biodiver-sity of Haleakala National Park, which rises approximately 10,000 feet from the sea to the summit of the Haleakala shield volcano; Whereas Haleakala National Park pre-serves places, resources, stories, and intan-gible elements of profound sacred impor-tance to Native Hawaiians; Whereas those elements are linked by the piko, the lifeline that honors the past and connects the living Hawaiian culture of today to future generations; Whereas Haleakala National Park is known for its exceptional scenery, including sunrises and sunsets above the clouds, cours-ing waterfalls, clear pools, and crashing waves, lush rainforests, and sparkling, star- filled skies; Whereas the Haleakala shield volcano, one of the highest peaks in the Pacific, is the re-sult of countless volcanic eruptions during the past 2,000,000 years and unique erosion in action; Whereas Public Law 94–567 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note) designated more than 19,000 acres of Haleakala National Park as wilderness in 1976, and the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization des-ignated the park as a biosphere reserve in 1980; and Whereas Hawaii Volcanoes National Park and Haleakala National Park were the first national park units in a territory of the United States and are 2 of the 8 units of the National Park System in the Hawaiian is-lands: Now, therefore be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates and celebrates Hawaii Volcanoes National Park and Haleakala Na-tional Park on the 100th anniversary of their establishment; (2) acknowledges the range of natural and cultural wonders that make up the other na-tional parks and monuments of the State of Hawaii, including— (A) Honouliuli National Monument; (B) Kalaupapa National Historical Park; (C) Kaloko-Honokohau National Historical Park; (D) Puuhonua o Honaunau National Histor-ical Park; (E) Puukohola Heiau National Historic Site; and (F) World War II Valor in the Pacific Na-tional Monument; (3) encourages the people of Hawaii and of the United States to visit those parks and monuments, which are national treasures; and (4) designates August 1, 2016, as ‘‘Hawaii Volcanoes and Haleakala National Parks Day’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 542—RECOG-NIZING THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY AND THE IMPORTANCE OF THE LANHAM ACT BY DESIGNATING JULY 2016 AS ‘‘NATIONAL ANTI- COUNTERFEITING CONSUMER EDUCATION AND AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 542 Whereas July 5, 2016, marks the 70th anni-versary of the signing of the Act of July 5, 1946 (60 Stat. 427, ch. 540; 15 U.S.C. 1051 et seq.) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Trade-mark Act of 1946’’ or the ‘‘Lanham Act’’) by President Harry S. Truman; Whereas the Lanham Act provided the foundation for modern Federal trademark protection, creating remedies for brand own-ers suffering from trademark infringement and helping consumers by reducing confus-ingly similar products in the marketplace; Whereas the Lanham Act was named for Representative Fritz Lanham of Texas, the primary sponsor of the Act, who recognized that the uniformity provided by the estab-lishment of a Federal trademark law was necessary to create a nationwide framework for the protection of the trademarks of busi-nesses, including logos, words, phrases, names, packaging, scents, shapes, and colors; Whereas the Lanham Act has enabled the United States Patent and Trademark Office to administer a strong and effective Federal trademark registration system that helps trademark and brand owners protect con-sumers from confusion and deception in the marketplace and in commerce; Whereas Representative Lanham stated that a clear purpose of the Lanham Act was to ‘‘protect legitimate business and the con-sumers of the country’’; Whereas in 2012, approximately 24,000,000 trademarks were in force around the world; Whereas the Lanham Act has provided 7 decades of protection for the consumers and industries of the United States, which is of growing importance given the explosion of counterfeiting activity associated with the growth of both global commerce and elec-tronic commerce (commonly referred to as ‘‘e-commerce’’); Whereas counterfeit products undermine laws, including the Lanham Act, that serve to safeguard consumers and brand owners against deceptive products in the market-place; Whereas counterfeiters use deceptive prac-tices to entice consumers to purchase coun-terfeit goods including— (1) personal care products, including tooth-paste, shampoo, laundry detergents, soaps, and cosmetics; (2) toys; (3) automotive parts; (4) military equipment; (5) foods; (6) medicines and pharmaceuticals; (7) petroleum products, including motor and engine oil; (8) computer chips; (9) agricultural pesticides and seeds; and (10) apparel, footwear, and accessories; Whereas counterfeit products pose actual and potential harm to the consumers of the United States, especially the most vulner-able consumers in society, such as senior citizens, children, and individuals who might fall prey to the deceptive tactics of counter-feiters; Whereas counterfeit products threaten the economy of the United States and job cre-ation in the United States, given that intel-lectual property is a cornerstone of the econ-omy; Whereas, according to a report issued on April 18, 2016, by the Organization for Eco-nomic Cooperation and Development, the manufacturing, trade, and consumption of counterfeit products is on the rise and trade in counterfeit products continues to in-crease, escalating from approximately $250,000,000,000 in 2008 to as much as $461,000,000,000 in 2013; Whereas there is a need to support the ef-forts of the Intellectual Property Enforce-ment Coordinator and the National Intellec-tual Property Rights Coordination Center to minimize counterfeit activity and educate consumers about the illegal activities that consumer money might support when con-sumers knowingly or unknowingly purchase counterfeit products; Whereas brand owners, including corpora-tions and medium-sized and small busi-nesses, collectively spend billions of dollars annually to remove counterfeit products from the marketplace, including the online marketplace, in an effort to safeguard con-sumers from counterfeit products; Whereas, over time, counterfeiting con-tributes to the steady erosion of the reputa-tion of brand owners and the trustworthiness and goodwill such owners establish with con-sumers to provide reliable and safe products; Whereas the Congressional Trademark Caucus is actively working to raise aware-ness of the value of trademarks and the im-pact of trademarks on national and State economies, as well as the threat posed by counterfeit products in undermining the safeguards that trademark protections pro-vide for consumers and brand owners alike; Whereas many governmental and non-gov-ernmental entities, including Federal en-forcement agencies, the National Intellec-tual Property Rights Coordination Center, State enforcement agencies, and consumer groups, share responsibility for, and dedicate substantial resources towards, educating the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.073 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5175 July 14, 2016 
people of the United States about the poten-tial harms that can arise from counterfeit products in the marketplace; and Whereas recognition and commemoration of the 70th anniversary of the signing of the Lanham Act serves as a means of educating the people of the United States about the im-portance of further raising awareness of the dangers counterfeit products pose to con-sumer health and safety: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the 70th anniversary of the signing of the Act of July 5, 1946 (60 Stat. 427, ch. 540; 15 U.S.C. 1051 et seq.) (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Trademark Act of 1946’’ or the ‘‘Lanham Act’’) by President Harry S. Truman; (2) designates July 2016 as ‘‘National Anti- Counterfeiting Consumer Education and Awareness Month’’; (3) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Anti-Counterfeiting Consumer Edu-cation and Awareness Month to educate the public and raise public awareness about the actual and potential dangers counterfeit products pose to consumer health and safety; (4) affirms the continuing importance and need for comprehensive Federal, State, and private sector-supported education and awareness efforts designed to equip the con-sumers of the United States with the infor-mation and tools they need to safeguard against illegal counterfeit products in tradi-tional commerce, internet commerce, and other electronic commerce platforms; (5) encourages the people of the United States to observe and celebrate the 70th an-niversary of the signing of the Lanham Act with appropriate anti-counterfeiting edu-cation and awareness activities; and (6) recognizes and reaffirms the commit-ment of the United States to combating counterfeiting by promoting awareness about the actual and potential harm of coun-terfeiting to consumers and brand owners and by promoting new education programs and campaigns designed to reduce the supply of and demand for counterfeit products. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 543—COM-MEMORATING THE PAST SUC-CESS OF THE UNITED STATES OLYMPIC AND PARALYMPIC TEAMS AND SUPPORTING THE UNITED STATES OLYMPIC AND PARALYMPIC TEAMS IN THE 2016 OLYMPIC GAMES AND PARALYMPIC GAMES Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. T
HUNE , and Mr. N ELSON ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 543 Whereas, for more than 120 years, the Olympic Movement has built a better and more peaceful world by educating young peo-ple through amateur athletics, bringing to-gether athletes from many countries in friendly competition, and forging new rela-tionships bound by friendship, solidarity, and fair play; Whereas the 2016 Olympic Games will take place in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from August 5, 2016, to August 21, 2016, and the 2016 Paralympic Games will take place in Rio de Janeiro from September 7, 2016, to Sep-tember 18, 2016; Whereas, at the 2016 Olympic Games, more than 200 countries will compete in more than 300 events in 42 disciplines, and at the 2016 Paralympic Games, approximately 170 coun-tries will compete in 528 events in 23 dis-ciplines; Whereas the United States Olympic and Paralympic Teams have won 1,711 gold med-als, 1,415 silver medals, and 1,351 bronze med-als, totaling 4,477 medals, during the past Olympic and Paralympic Games; Whereas the people of the United States stand united in respect for and admiration of the members of the United States Olympic and Paralympic Teams and the athletic ac-complishments, sportsmanship, and dedica-tion to excellence of the United States Olympic and Paralympic Teams; Whereas the many accomplishments of the United States Olympic and Paralympic Teams would not have been possible without the hard work and dedication of many oth-ers, including individuals on the United States Olympic Committee and the National Governing Bodies for Sport and the many ad-ministrators, coaches, and family members who provided critical support to the ath-letes; Whereas the United States takes great pride in the qualities of commitment to ex-cellence, grace under pressure, and good will toward other competitors exhibited by the athletes of the United States Olympic and Paralympic Teams; and Whereas the Olympic Movement celebrates competition, fair play, and the pursuit of dreams: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) applauds the athletes and coaches of the United States Olympic and Paralympic Teams and their families who support them; (2) supports the athletes of the United States Olympic and Paralympic Teams in their endeavors at the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; (3) thanks the members of the United States Olympics Committee and the Na-tional Governing Bodies for Sport for their unwavering support of the athletes of the United States Olympic and Paralympic Teams; and (4) supports the goals and ideals of the Olympic Games. f SENATE RESOLUTION 544—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING COMPLI-ANCE ENFORCEMENT OF RUS-SIAN VIOLATIONS OF THE OPEN SKIES TREATY Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. C ARDIN , and Mr. R UBIO) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 544 Whereas the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002 (in this resolution re-ferred to as the ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’), which established a regime for unarmed aerial ob-servation flights over the entire territory of its participants, is one of the most wide- ranging international efforts to date to pro-mote openness and transparency of military forces and activities; Whereas the United States Government has declared that strengthening and main-taining European security is a top priority for the United States, that the Open Skies Treaty is a key element of the Euro-Atlantic security architecture, and that arms control is a key part of that effort because robust multilateral conventional arms control ar-rangements contribute to a more stable and secure European continent; Whereas, according to Secretary of State James Baker, addressing the Open Skies Conference in 1990, the end of the Cold War gave the Open Skies Treaty new importance as a stabilizing factor in East-West relations, openness and transparency in military mat-ters offered ‘‘the most direct path to greater predictability and reduced risk of inad-vertent war,’’ and Open Skies Treaty was thus ‘‘potentially the most ambitious meas-ure to build confidence ever undertaken’’; Whereas, according to the President’s let-ter of submittal for the Open Skies Treaty provided to Congress by the Secretary of State on August 12, 1992, it is the purpose of the Open Skies Treaty to promote openness and transparency of military forces and ac-tivities and to enhance mutual under-standing and confidence by giving States Party a direct role in gathering information about military forces and activities of con-cern to them; Whereas, according to the Report on Ad-herence to and Compliance with Arms Con-trol, Nonproliferation, and Disarmament Agreements and Commitments published by the Department of State on April 11, 2016 (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘2016 Com-pliance Report’’), the Russian Federation ‘‘continues not to meet its obligations [under the Open Skies Treaty] to allow effec-tive observation of its entire territory, rais-ing serious compliance concerns’’; Whereas, according to the 2016 Compliance Report, Russian conduct giving rise to com-pliance concerns has continued since the Open Skies Treaty entered into force in 2002 and worsened in 2010, 2014, and 2015; and Whereas, according to the 2016 Compliance Report, ongoing efforts by the United States and other States Party to the Open Skies Treaty to address these concerns through dialogue with the Russian Federation ‘‘have not resolved any of the compliance con-cerns.’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) restrictions upon the ability of Open Skies Treaty aircraft to overfly all portions of the territory of a State Party impede openness and transparency of military forces and activities and undermine mutual under-standing and confidence, especially when coupled with an ongoing refusal to address compliance concerns raised by other States Party subject to such restrictions; (2) it is essential to the accomplishment of the purpose of the Open Skies Treaty that Open Skies Treaty aircraft be able to observe the entire territory of a State Party in a timely and reciprocal manner as provided for under the Open Skies Treaty; (3) the Russian Federation’s restrictions upon the ability of Open Skies Treaty air-craft to overfly all portions of the territory of the Russian Federation constitute viola-tions of the Open Skies Treaty; and (4) for so long as the Russian Federation remains in noncompliance with the Open Skies Treaty, the United States should take such measures as are necessary to bring about the Russian Federation’s return to full compliance with its treaty obligations, in-cluding, as appropriate, through the imposi-tion of restrictions upon Russian overflights of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 545—SUP-PORTING THE DESIGNATION OF JULY 15, 2016, AS ‘‘LEIOMYOSARCOMA AWARENESS DAY’’ Ms. STABENOW submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 545 Whereas a soft tissue sarcoma is a rare type of cancer, accounting for approximately 1 percent of newly diagnosed cancers; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.073 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5176 July 14, 2016 
Whereas Leiomyosarcoma (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘LMS’’) is a malignant subtype of soft tissue sarcoma that origi-nates in smooth muscle, often in the walls of blood vessels; Whereas LMS is highly aggressive and can be found throughout the body, but is espe-cially concentrated in the uterus, abdominal cavity, and extremities; Whereas the National Institutes of Health classifies LMS as a rare disease; Whereas most oncologists will only see a few cases of LMS throughout a career; Whereas the causes of LMS are still un-known; Whereas LMS is largely resistant to stand-ard chemotherapeutic agents, radiation treatment, and current immunotherapies; Whereas multidisciplinary care coordina-tion teams, because of their expertise and ex-perience, are critical to the health of LMS patients; Whereas LMS research will allow medical professionals to improve the quality of care for LMS patients, lead to better clinical out-comes, and promote longer survival for LMS patients; and Whereas increased education and aware-ness about LMS will contribute to the well- being of the communities of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of July 15, 2016, as ‘‘Leiomyosarcoma Awareness Day’’; (2) recognizes the challenges faced by Leiomyosarcoma patients; and (3) commends the dedication of organiza-tions, volunteers, researchers, and caregivers across the country working to improve the quality of life of Leiomyosarcoma patients and the families of Leiomyosarcoma pa-tients. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 546—HON-ORING THE CENTENNIAL OF THE UNITED STATES GRAIN STAND-ARDS ACT Mr. ROBERTS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 546 Whereas before the enactment in 1916 of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 71 et seq.) (referred to in this pre-amble as the ‘‘Act’’) and the United States Warehouse Act (7 U.S.C. 241 et seq.)— (1) the grading, weighing, and warehousing of grain was regulated exclusively by States; (2) there existed no uniform, nationwide system to inspect, weigh, and store grain; and (3) each State enacted laws, standards, and regulations relating to the inspection, weighing, and storage of grain; Whereas, on August 11, 1916, the 64th Con-gress passed the Act, which established na-tional uniformity in grain standards; Whereas, before 1916, foreign and domestic purchasers of grain were subject to practices that could result in a poor quality of grain, despite inspection certificates indicating higher grades, and farmers and others in-volved in the United States grain trade suf-fered as a result; Whereas, in 1916, Congress established an official inspection and certification system that— (1) made available official inspection and certification; (2) prohibited conflicts of interest by per-sonnel of the official inspection and certifi-cation system; (3) authorized the Secretary of Agriculture to use administrative sanctions to prevent corrupt practices; and (4) established prohibitions on certain acts and penalties for violations; Whereas, in 1976, Congress amended the Act to require official inspection and certifi-cation for grain exports and provide that any interested party may request official inspec-tion and certification for any United States grain; Whereas agricultural producers and pur-chasers benefitted from a system that gen-erated certainty and confidence in the uni-formity of inspection methods, weighing, and grading under rules and regulations pro-tected by law; Whereas, on October 21, 1976, Congress amended the Act to establish the Federal Grain Inspection Service to preserve the credibility and integrity of the United States grain market; Whereas 2016 is the 40th anniversary of the establishment of the Federal Grain Inspec-tion Service to facilitate the marketing of United States grain commodities; Whereas for 100 years the Act has sup-ported a system of marketing for United States grain; and Whereas, in 2016, the Act still provides cer-tainty and transparency for United States agriculture and consumers involved in the international grain trade: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) reaffirms the significance of the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 71 et seq.); and (2) finds that the United States Grain Standards Act (7 U.S.C. 71 et seq.) remains necessary to facilitate the movement of United States grain into the marketplace by providing agricultural producers, handlers, processors, exporters, and international buy-ers an internationally recognized standard in sampling, inspection, process verification, weighing, and stowage examination services that accurately and consistently describe the quality and quantity of grain commod-ities traded domestically and internation-ally. f SENATE RESOLUTION 547—RECOG-NIZING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE AMERICAN TREE FARM SYSTEM Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. L
EAHY ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 547 Whereas forests, covering one-third of the land in the United States, provide clean air and drinking water, abundant wildlife habi-tats, recreation spaces, and renewable re-sources for buildings, furniture, energy, and paper needs, and also serve as an economic driver supporting well-paying jobs across the country; Whereas most of the forests of the United States are owned by families and individuals who reside in and steward rural regions; Whereas, in 1941, the American Tree Farm System (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘ATFS’’) was founded to help family and in-dividual woodland owners sustain forests and the benefits that the forests provide; Whereas the ATFS is composed of more than 79,000 individuals and families, who to-gether manage more than 20,500,000 acres of forest; Whereas the ATFS remains a strong and essential program to conserve and manage the forests of the United States and the ben-efits forests provide, especially in the face of challenges like wildfires, invasive insects and diseases, and growing development pres-sures; Whereas tree farmers invest time, man-power, and personal funds to practice sus-tainable forest management so that people across the United States can enjoy the bene-fits forests provide; Whereas the ATFS is made possible by vol-unteers from local small woodlands associa-tions, conservation organizations, State for-estry agencies, forest products companies, and the Cooperative Extension System; Whereas, to support family forests, family woodland owners, and continued voluntary conservation of working forests, it is impor-tant to expand the reach of ATFS to addi-tional woodland owners; and Whereas 14 States in the United States have approved similar resolutions recog-nizing the importance of the ATFS: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the 75th anniversary of the American Tree Farm System; (2) encourages the public to participate in activities that celebrate the anniversary and highlight the importance of this vital pro-gram, working family-owned forests, and the clean water, wildlife habitats, and wood sup-ply that forests provide for all people in the United States; and (3) supports conservation and management of the trees and forests of the United States through landowner participation in— (A) the conservation reserve program es-tablished under subchapter B of chapter 1 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3831 et seq.); (B) the environmental quality incentives program established under chapter 4 of sub-title D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa et seq.); (C) the conservation stewardship program established under subchapter B of chapter 2 of subtitle D of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3838d et seq.); (D) the agricultural conservation easement program established under subtitle H of title XII of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3865 et seq.); and (E) the forest stewardship program estab-lished under section 5 of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2103a). f SENATE RESOLUTION 548—CELE-BRATING THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE NATIONAL AERO-NAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINIS-TRATION’S VIKING MISSION LANDING ON THE SURFACE OF MARS Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. T HUNE , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 548 Whereas Viking 1 launched from Cape Ca-naveral, Florida, on August 20, 1975; Whereas Viking 1 spent nearly a year in space before it landed on the surface of Mars on July 20, 1976, on the western slope of the Chryse Planitia at 22.3 degrees north lati-tude and 48.0 degrees longitude; Whereas the Viking 1 Lander was the first American spacecraft to land on Mars and the first spacecraft of any nation to successfully land on Mars and perform its mission; Whereas the United States remains to this day the only nation to successfully land on the surface of Mars and transmit images back to Earth; Whereas the Viking Mission produced over 4,500 photographs of the surface of Mars, in-cluding the first color images of the surface of Mars; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.071 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5177 July 14, 2016 
Whereas the Viking Mission produced the first scientific data from the surface of Mars; Whereas the Viking orbiters mapped 97 percent of the Martian surface; Wheread the Viking 1 Lander continued its mission for 2,307 days; Whereas the Viking Mission was NASA’s first comprehensive mission to seek evidence that Mars could have the potential to sup-port life, and it discovered that Mars has an environment modified by the interaction with water and complex surface chemistry; Whereas the Viking Mission revolutionized our scientific understanding of the Red Plan-et, led to future exploration of Mars and the Solar System, and was one of the first step-ping stones for the human exploration of Mars: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commends the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the academic and industry contributors to the Viking Mis-sion for leading the way in the exploration of Mars; (2) recognizes the importance of the Viking Mission to the long-term exploration of the solar system by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and to the search for life beyond Earth; (3) encourages the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to continue on the path to landing American astronauts on the surface of Mars; and (4) encourages the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the American scientific community to continue to promote space exploration and scientific discovery across the solar system. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 48—EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT THE ITALIAN SUPREME COURT OF CASSATION SHOULD DOMES-TICATE AND RECOGNIZE JUDG-MENTS ISSUED BY UNITED STATES COURTS ON BEHALF OF UNITED STATES VICTIMS OF TERRORISM, AND THAT THE ITALIAN MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS SHOULD CEASE ITS PO-LITICAL INTERFERENCE WITH ITALY’S INDEPENDENT JUDICI-ARY, WHICH IT CARRIES OUT IN THE INTERESTS OF STATE SPONSORS OF TERRORISM SUCH AS THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, and Mr. M URPHY ) submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations: 
S. C ON. RES. 48 Whereas, in 1996, Congress passed the Ter-rorism Exception to the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act to give United States citi-zens a private means of redress for injuries and deaths caused by state-sponsored acts of terrorism (originally codified at section 1605(a)(7) of title 28, United States Code and subsequently amended and re-codified at sec-tion 1605A of title 28, United States Code) (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘Terrorism Exception’’); Whereas the Terrorism Exception con-tinues to be an important tool for the United States Government to protect the interests of its nationals, and to deter global ter-rorism; Whereas the families of Alisa Flatow, Sarah Duker, and Matthew Eisenfeld, United States students killed in Iran-sponsored bombings, secured judgments against the Is-lamic Republic of Iran in United States Fed-eral court for its role in those murders; Whereas the families of Alisa Flatow, Sarah Duker, and Matthew Eisenfeld at-tempted to enforce those United States judg-ments against Iranian assets held in Italy; Whereas the families of Alisa Flatow, Sarah Duker, and Matthew Eisenfeld ini-tially domesticated their judgments in Italian court; Whereas the Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs entered appearances in subsequent proceedings on behalf of the Islamic Repub-lic of Iran, interfering with the domestica-tion and successfully causing the Italian Su-preme Court of Cassation (Italy’s highest court of appeal) to overturn the Court of Ap-peals of Rome’s judgment in favor of these United States terrorism victims (Islamic Re-public of Iran v. Flatow, Cass., sez. un., 22 giugno 2007, n. 14570 (It.); Islamic Republic of Iran v. Eisenfeld, Cass., sez. un., 22 giugno 2007, n. 14571 (It.)); Whereas the Italian Supreme Court of Cas-sation condemned the Terrorism Exception— a crucial United States antiterrorism stat-ute—as a violation of international law on the grounds that it gives United States citi-zens a remedy for acts of terrorism com-mitted outside of the United States (Flatow v. Islamic Republic of Iran, Cass., sez. un., 28 ottobre 2015, n. 21946 (It.); Eisenfeld v. Is-lamic Republic of Iran, Cass., sez. un., 28 ottobre 2015, n. 21947 (It.)); Whereas the Italian Supreme Court of Cas-sation therefore refuses to recognize any judgments issued by United States courts under the Terrorism Exception (id.); Whereas Congress will use every tool at its disposal to seek justice for United States citizens who are murdered in acts of ter-rorism, including attacks committed outside the United States; and Whereas United States courts have applied the Terrorism Exception to bring justice to European Union victims of state-sponsored terrorism directed against United States na-tionals (see, e.g., Hurst v. Socialist People’s Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, 474 F. Supp. 2d 19 (D.D.C. 2007); Rein v. Socialist People’s Liby-an Arab Jamahiriya, 995 F. Supp. 325 (E.D.N.Y. 1998)): Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That it is the sense of Congress that— (1) Italy has violated the principle of reci-procity governing the mutual recognition of domestic court awards between our two na-tions; (2) the intervention by the Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs on behalf of Iran against victims of Iranian terrorism was initiated to the detriment of both United States and Eu-ropean Union terrorism victims; and (3) the European Court of Human Rights should— (A) overturn the Italian Supreme Court of Cassation’s erroneous rulings in Flatow v. Is-lamic Republic of Iran (Cass., sez. un., 28 ottobre 2015, n. 21946 (It.)) and Eisenfeld v. Is-lamic Republic of Iran (Cass., sez. un., 28 ottobre 2015, n. 21947 (It.)); and (B) order the Italian Supreme Court of Cas-sation to recognize the United States judg-ments held by the Flatow, Duker, and Eisenfeld families against Iran. SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 49—SUPPORTING EFFORTS TO STOP THE THEFT, ILLEGAL POSSESSION OR SALE, TRANS-FER, AND EXPORT OF TRIBAL CULTURAL ITEMS OF INDIANS, ALASKA NATIVES, AND NATIVE HAWAIIANS IN THE UNITED STATES AND INTERNATIONALLY Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted the fol-lowing concurrent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on In-dian Affairs: 
S. C ON. RES. 49 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This concurrent resolution may be cited as the ‘‘Protection of the Right of Tribes to stop the Export of Cultural and Traditional Patrimony Resolution’’ or the ‘‘PROTECT Patrimony Resolution’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this resolution: (1) N
ATIVE AMERICAN .—The term ‘‘Native American’’ means— (A) an Indian tribe (as defined in section 2 of the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001)); (B) a member of an Indian tribe described in subparagraph (A); or (C) a Native Hawaiian (as defined in sec-tion 2 of the Native American Graves Protec-tion and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001)). (2) T
RIBAL CULTURAL ITEM .—The term ‘‘tribal cultural item’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘cultural item’’ in section 2 of the Native American Graves Protection and Re-patriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001). 
SEC. 3. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Tribal cultural items— (A) have ongoing historical, traditional, or cultural importance central to a Native American group or culture; (B) cannot be alienated, appropriated, or conveyed by any individual; and (C) are vital to Native American cultural survival and the maintenance of Native American ways of life. (2) The nature and description of tribal cul-tural items are sensitive and to be treated with respect and confidentiality, as appro-priate. (3) Violators often export tribal cultural items internationally with the intent of evading Federal and tribal laws. (4) Tribal cultural items continue to be re-moved from the possession of Native Ameri-cans and sold in black or public markets in violation of Federal and tribal laws, includ-ing laws designed to protect Native Amer-ican cultural property rights. (5) The illegal trade of tribal cultural items involves a sophisticated and lucrative black market, where the items are traded through domestic markets and then are often exported internationally. (6) Auction houses in foreign countries have held sales of tribal cultural items from the Pueblo of Acoma, the Pueblo of Laguna, the Pueblo of San Felipe, the Hopi Tribe, and other Indian tribes. (7) After tribal cultural items are exported internationally, Native Americans have dif-ficulty stopping the sale of the items and se-curing their repatriation to their home com-munities, where the items belong. (8) Federal agencies have a responsibility to consult with Native Americans to stop the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cultural items. (9) An increase in the investigation and successful prosecution of violations of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.071 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5178 July 14, 2016 
Native American Graves Protection and Re-patriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.) and the Archaeological Resources Protection Act of 1979 (16 U.S.C. 470aa et seq.) is necessary to deter illegal trading in tribal cultural items. (10) Many Indian tribes and tribal organi-zations have passed resolutions condemning the theft and sale of tribal cultural items, including the following: (A) The National Congress of American In-dians passed Resolutions SAC–12–008 and SD– 15–075 to call on the United States, in con-sultation with Native Americans— (i) to address international repatriation; and (ii) to take affirmative actions to stop the theft and illegal sale of tribal cultural items both domestically and internationally. (B) The All Pueblo Council of Governors, representative of 20 Pueblo Indian tribes— (i) noted that the Pueblo Indian tribes of the Southwestern United States have been disproportionately affected by the sale of tribal cultural items both domestically and internationally in violation of Federal and tribal laws; and (ii) passed Resolutions 2015–12 and 2015–13 to call on the United States, in consultation with Native Americans— (I) to address international repatriation; and (II) to take affirmative actions to stop the theft and illegal sale of tribal cultural items both domestically and internationally. (C) The United South and Eastern Tribes, an intertribal organization comprised of 26 federally recognized Indian tribes, passed Resolution 2015:007, which calls on the United States to address all means to sup-port the repatriation of tribal cultural items from beyond United States borders. (D) The Inter-Tribal Council of the Five Civilized Tribes, uniting the Chickasaw, Choctaw, Cherokee, Muscogee (Creek), and Seminole Nations, passed Resolution 12–07, which requests that the United States, after consultation with Native Americans, assist in international repatriation and take imme-diate action to address repatriation. 
SEC. 4. DECLARATION OF CONGRESS. 
Congress— (1) condemns the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cul-tural items; (2) calls on the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, and the Attorney General to consult with Native Americans, including tradi-tional Native American religious leaders, in addressing the practices described in para-graph (1)— (A) to take affirmative action to stop the practices; and (B) to secure repatriation of tribal cultural items to Native Americans; (3) calls on the Comptroller General of the United States— (A) to conduct a study to determine the scope of illegal trafficking in tribal cultural items domestically and internationally; and (B) to identify, in consultation with Native Americans, including traditional Native American religious leaders, steps required— (i) to end illegal trafficking in, and the ex-port of, tribal cultural items; and (ii) to secure repatriation of tribal cultural items to the appropriate Native Americans; (4) supports the development of explicit re-strictions on the export of tribal cultural items; and (5) encourages State and local governments and interested groups and organizations to work cooperatively in— (A) deterring the theft, illegal possession or sale, transfer, and export of tribal cul-tural items; and (B) securing the repatriation of tribal cul-tural items to the appropriate Native Ameri-cans. f SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 50—PROVIDING FOR AN AD-JOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted the fol-lowing concurrent resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 50 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That, in consonance with section 132(a) of the Legislative Reorga-nization Act of 1946, when the House ad-journs on any legislative day from Friday, July 15, 2016, through Friday, September 2, 2016, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned until 2 p.m. on Tuesday, September 6, 2016, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to sec-tion 2 of this concurrent resolution, which-ever occurs first. S
EC. 2. (a) The Speaker or his designee, after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. (b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-section (a), when the House adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the House shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4974. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5293, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4975. Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. B LUNT ) pro- posed an amendment to the bill S. 2854, to re-authorize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007. SA 4976. Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. B
URR) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2614, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reau-thorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Pa-tient Alert Program, and to promote initia-tives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteris-tics of some children with autism. SA 4977. Mr. RUBIO proposed an amend-ment to the resolution S. Res. 486, com-memorating ‘‘Cruise Travel Professional Month’’ in October 2016. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4974. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5293, making appro-priations for the Department of De-fense for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available under this Act may be used to procure a Drug Enforcement Administration aircraft that is designated for use in Afghanistan unless— (1) the Secretary of Defense submits a re-port to Congress on the use of such aircraft; and (2) Congress does not adopt a joint resolu-tion of disapproval of the report described in paragraph (1) during the 90-day period begin-ning on the date on which such report was submitted to Congress. SA 4975. Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. B LUNT ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2854, to reauthorize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. INVESTIGATION OF UNSOLVED CIVIL RIGHTS CRIMES. 
The Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007 (28 U.S.C. 509 note) is amended— (1) in section 2— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) coordinate the sharing of information between the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the civil rights community, and other enti-ties; ‘‘(4) support the full accounting of all vic-tims whose deaths or disappearances were the result of racially motivated crimes; ‘‘(5) hold accountable under Federal and State law all individuals who were perpetra-tors of, or accomplices in, unsolved civil rights murders and such disappearances; ‘‘(6) express the condolences of the author-ity to the communities affected by unsolved civil rights murders, and to the families of the victims of such murders and such dis-appearances; ‘‘(7) keep families regularly informed about the status of the investigations of such murders and such disappearances of their loved ones; and ‘‘(8) expeditiously comply with requests for information received pursuant to section 552 of title 5, United States Code, (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’) and develop a singular, publicly accessible repository of these disclosed documents.’’; (2) in section 3— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘occurred not later than December 31, 1969, and’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and eligi-ble entities’’; and (iii) by adding after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW OF CLOSED CASES .—The Deputy Chief shall, to the extent practicable, reopen and review any case involving a violation de-scribed in paragraph (1) that was closed prior to the date of the enactment of the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthor-ization Act of 2016 without an in-person in-vestigation conducted by an officer or em-ployee of the Criminal Section of the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice or by an agent of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation. ‘‘(4) T
ASK FORCE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.074 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5179 July 14, 2016 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Deputy Chief shall establish a task force that includes rep-resentatives from the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation, the Community Relations Serv-ice of the Department of Justice, State and local law enforcement agencies, and eligible entities to assist, as appropriate, with con-ducting a thorough investigation of, and to make recommendations to the Deputy Chief regarding, the cases involving violations de-scribed in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— In addition to amounts made available to carry out this Act under section 6, there is authorized to be appropriated to the Attor-ney General $1,500,000 for fiscal year 2017 and each subsequent fiscal year to carry out this paragraph.’’; and (B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘that occurred not later than December 31, 1969’’; (II) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) in subparagraph (G), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (IV) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the following: ‘‘(H) the number of cases referred by an eli-gible entity or a State or local law enforce-ment agency or prosecutor to the Depart-ment within the study period, the number of such cases that resulted in Federal charges being filed, the date the charges were filed, and if the Department declines to prosecute or participate in an investigation of a case so referred, the fact that it did so, and the out-reach, collaboration, and support for inves-tigations and prosecutions of violations of criminal civil rights statutes, including mur-ders and including disappearances described in section 2(4), within Federal, State, and local jurisdictions.’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and a de-scription of the activities conducted under subsection (b)(3)’’; (3) in section 4(b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘occurred not later than December 31, 1969, and’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and eligi-ble entities’’; (4) in section 5— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘occurred not later than December 31, 1969, and’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘each of the fiscal years 2008 through 2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal year 2017 and each subsequent fiscal year’’; (5) in section 6— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘each of the fiscal years 2008 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017 and each subsequent fiscal year’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘occurred not later than December 31, 1969, and’’; and (B) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) C
OMMUNITY RELATIONS SERVICE OF THE  D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE .—Using funds appro-priated under section 3(b)(4)(B), the Commu-nity Relations Service of the Department of Justice shall provide technical assistance by bringing together law enforcement agencies and communities in the investigation of vio-lations described in section 4(b).’’; (6) in section 7— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
DEFINITION  
OF‘CRIMINAL CIVIL RIGHTS STATUTES ’’’ and in- serting ‘‘
DEFINITIONS ’’; (B) in paragraph (6), by redesignating sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting the clauses ac-cordingly; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (6) as subparagraphs (A) through (F), respectively, and indenting the subpara-graphs accordingly; (D) by striking ‘‘In this Act, the term’’ and inserting: ‘‘In this Act: ‘‘(1) CRIMINAL CIVIL RIGHTS STATUTES .—The term’’; and (E) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means an organization whose pri-mary purpose is to promote civil rights, an institution of higher education, or another entity, determined by the Attorney General to be appropriate.’’; and (7) by striking section 8. 
SA 4976. Mr. GRASSLEY (for him-self, Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
HUNE , and Mr. B URR) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2614, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reau-thorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Dis-ease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kevin and Avonte’s Law of 2016’’. TITLE I—MISSING ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE PATIENT ALERT PROGRAM REAUTHOR-IZATION 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Missing Americans Alert Program Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 102. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE MISSING ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE PATIENT ALERT PROGRAM. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14181) is amended— (1) in the section header, by striking ‘‘
ALZ-
HEIMER ’S DISEASE PATIENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘
AMERICANS ’’; and (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) G
RANT PROGRAM TOREDUCE INJURY  
ANDDEATH OF MISSING AMERICANS WITHDE-
MENTIA AND DEVELOPMENTAL DISABILITIES .— Subject to the availability of appropriations to carry out this section, the Attorney Gen-eral, through the Bureau of Justice Assist-ance and in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services— ‘‘(1) shall award grants to State and local law enforcement or public safety agencies to assist such agencies in designing, estab-lishing, and operating locative tracking technology programs for individuals with forms of dementia, such as Alzheimer’s Dis-ease, or children with developmental disabil-ities, such as autism, who have wandered from safe environments; and ‘‘(2) shall award competitive grants to State and local law enforcement or public safety agencies and nonprofit organizations to assist such entities in planning, designing, establishing, or operating locally based, proactive programs to prevent wandering and locate missing individuals with forms of dementia, such as Alzheimer’s Disease, or de-velopmental disabilities, such as autism, who, due to their condition, wander from safe environments, including programs that— ‘‘(A) provide prevention and response infor-mation, including online training resources, and referrals to families or guardians of such individuals who, due to their condition, wan-der from a safe environment; ‘‘(B) provide education and training, in-cluding online training resources, to first re-sponders, school personnel, clinicians, and the public in order to— ‘‘(i) increase personal safety and survival skills for such individuals who, due to their dementia or developmental disabilities, wan-der from safe environments; ‘‘(ii) facilitate the rescue and recovery of individuals who, due to their dementia or de-velopmental disabilities, wander from safe environments; and ‘‘(iii) recognize and respond to endangered missing individuals with dementia or devel-opmental disabilities who, due to their con-dition, wander from safe environments; ‘‘(C) provide prevention and response train-ing and emergency protocols for school ad-ministrators, staff, and families or guardians of individuals with dementia, such as Alz-heimer’s Disease, or developmental disabil-ities, such as autism, to help reduce the risk of wandering by such individuals; and ‘‘(D) develop, operate, or enhance a notifi-cation or communications systems for alerts, advisories, or dissemination of other information for the recovery of missing indi-viduals with forms of dementia, such as Alz-heimer’s Disease, or with developmental dis-abilities, such as autism.’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by inserting ‘‘competitive’’ after ‘‘to receive a’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘agency or’’ before ‘‘orga-nization’’ each place it appears; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Attorney General shall periodically so-licit applications for grants under this sec-tion by publishing a request for applications in the Federal Register and by posting such a request on the website of the Department of Justice.’’; and (4) by striking subsections (c) and (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) PREFERENCE .—In awarding grants under subsection (a)(1), the Attorney General shall give preference to law enforcement or public safety agencies that partner with non-profit organizations that have a direct link to individuals, and families of individuals, with forms of dementia, such as Alzheimer’s Disease, or developmental disabilities, such as autism. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. ‘‘(e) G
RANT ACCOUNTABILITY .—All grants awarded by the Attorney General under this section shall be subject to the following ac-countability provisions: ‘‘(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a find-ing in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or re-solved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. ‘‘(B) A
UDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this section to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall deter-mine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. ‘‘(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of grant funds under this section that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this section during the first 2 fiscal years beginning after the end of the 12- month period described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Attorney General shall give 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.077 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5180 July 14, 2016 
priority to eligible applicants that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an applica-tion for a grant under this section. ‘‘(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is awarded grant funds under this section dur-ing the 2-fiscal-year period during which the entity is barred from receiving grants under subparagraph (C), the Attorney General shall— ‘‘(i) deposit an amount equal to the amount of the grant funds that were improp-erly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and ‘‘(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. ‘‘(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF NONPROFIT ORGANIZA -
TION.—For purposes of this paragraph and the grant programs under this part, the term ‘nonprofit organization’ means an organiza-tion that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is ex-empt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General may not award a grant under this part to a nonprofit organization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organi-zation that is awarded a grant under this section and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presump-tion of reasonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees, and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the application for the grant, the process for determining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensa-tion, the comparability data used, and con-temporaneous substantiation of the delibera-tion and decision. Upon request, the Attor-ney General shall make the information dis-closed under this subparagraph available for public inspection. ‘‘(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(A) L
IMITATION .—No amounts made avail-able to the Department of Justice under this section may be used by the Attorney Gen-eral, or by any individual or entity awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this section, to host or sup-port any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made avail-able by the Department of Justice, unless the head of the relevant agency or depart-ment, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host the conference. ‘‘(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written ap-proval under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food, beverages, audio-visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney Gen-eral shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expenditures approved under this paragraph. ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attor-ney General shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives, an annual certification— ‘‘(A) indicating whether— ‘‘(i) all audits issued by the Office of the Inspector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appro-priate Assistant Attorney General or Direc-tor; ‘‘(ii) all mandatory exclusions required under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; and ‘‘(iii) all reimbursements required under paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and ‘‘(B) that includes a list of any grant re-cipients excluded under paragraph (1) from the previous year. ‘‘(f) PREVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney General awards a grant to an applicant under this section, the Attorney General shall compare potential grant awards with other grants awarded by the Attorney Gen-eral to determine if grant awards are or have been awarded for a similar purpose. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General awards grants to the same applicant for a similar purpose the Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives a report that includes— ‘‘(A) a list of all such grants awarded, in-cluding the total dollar amount of any such grants awarded; and ‘‘(B) the reason the Attorney General awarded multiple grants to the same appli-cant for a similar purpose.’’. (b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and every year thereafter, the Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judici-ary and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report on the Missing Americans Alert Program, as amended by subsection (a), which shall ad-dress— (1) the number of individuals who benefited from the Missing Americans Alert Program, including information such as the number of individuals who used tracking devices under the program, the number of people who were trained through the program, and the esti-mated number of people who were impacted by the program; (2) the number of State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies that applied for funding under the Missing Americans Alert Program; (3) the number of State, local, and tribal local law enforcement or public safety agen-cies that received funding under the Missing Americans Alert Program, including— (A) the number of State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies that used such funding for training; and (B) the number of State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies that used such funding for designing, estab-lishing, or operating locative tracking tech-nology; (4) the companies, including the location (city and State) of the headquarters and local offices of each company, for which their locative tracking technology was used by State, local, and tribal law enforcement or public safety agencies; (5) the nonprofit organizations, including the location (city and State) of the head-quarters and local offices of each organiza-tion, that State, local, and tribal law en-forcement or public safety agencies partnered with and the result of each part-nership; (6) the number of missing children with au-tism or another developmental disability with wandering tendencies or adults with Alzheimer’s being served by the program who went missing and the result of the search for each such individual; and (7) any recommendations for improving the Missing Americans Alert Program. (c) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 2 of the Violent Crime Con-trol and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 is amended by striking the item relating to section 240001 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 240001. Missing Americans Alert Pro-gram.’’. TITLE II—EDUCATION AND OUTREACH 
SEC. 201. ACTIVITIES BY THE NATIONAL CENTER FOR MISSING AND EXPLOITED CHIL-DREN. 
Section 404(b)(1)(H) of the Missing Chil-dren’s Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5773(b)(1)(H)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including cases involving children with developmental dis-abilities such as autism’’ before the semi-colon. TITLE III—PRIVACY PROTECTIONS 
SEC. 301. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) C
HILD.—The term ‘‘child’’ means an in-dividual who is less than 18 years of age. (2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)). (3) L
AW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY .—The term ‘‘law enforcement agency’’ means an agency of a State, unit of local government, or In-dian tribe that is authorized by law or by a government agency to engage in or supervise the prevention, detection, investigation, or prosecution of any violation of criminal law. (4) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. (5) U
NIT OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT .—The term ‘‘unit of local government’’ means a county, municipality, town, township, village, par-ish, borough, or other unit of general govern-ment below the State level. 
SEC. 302. STANDARDS AND BEST PRACTICES FOR USE OF TRACKING DEVICES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and leading research, advocacy, self-advocacy, and service organizations, shall establish standards and best practices relating to the use of tracking technology to locate individ-uals as described in subsection (a)(2) of sec-tion 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14181), as added by this Act. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In establishing the standards and best practices required under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall— (A) determine— (i) the criteria used to determine which in-dividuals would benefit from the use of a tracking device; (ii) who should have direct access to the tracking system; and (iii) which types of tracking devices can be used in compliance with the standards and best practices; and (B) establish standards and best practices the Attorney General determines are nec-essary to the administration of a tracking system, including procedures to— (i) safeguard the privacy of the data used by the tracking device such that— (I) access to the data is restricted to agen-cies determined necessary by the Attorney General; and (II) use of the data is solely for the purpose of preventing injury or death; (ii) establish criteria to determine whether use of the tracking device is the least re-strictive alternative in order to prevent risk of injury or death before issuing the tracking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.078 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5181 July 14, 2016 
device, including the previous consideration of less restrictive alternatives; (iii) provide training for law enforcement agencies to recognize signs of abuse during interactions with applicants for tracking de-vices; (iv) protect the civil rights and liberties of the individuals who use tracking devices, in-cluding their rights under the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States; (v) establish a complaint and investigation process to address— (I) incidents of noncompliance by recipi-ents of grants under subsection (a)(2) of sec-tion 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14181), as added by this Act, with the best practices established by the Attorney Gen-eral or other applicable law; and (II) use of a tracking device over the objec-tion of an individual; and (vi) determine the role that State agencies should have in the administration of a track-ing system. (b) R
EQUIRED COMPLIANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each entity that receives a grant under subsection (a)(2) of section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14181), as added by this Act, shall comply with any standards and best practices relating to the use of tracking devices established by the Attorney General in accordance with sub-section (a). (2) D
ETERMINATION OF COMPLIANCE .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall determine whether an entity that re-ceives a grant under subsection (a)(2) of sec-tion 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14181), as added by this Act, acts in compli-ance with the requirement described in para-graph (1). (c) A
PPLICABILITY OF STANDARDS AND BEST P
RACTICES .—The standards and best prac-tices established by the Attorney General under subsection (a) shall apply only to the grant programs authorized under subsection (a)(2) of section 240001 of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14181), as added by this Act. 
SA 4977. Mr. RUBIO proposed an amendment to the resolution S. Res. 486, commemorating ‘‘Cruise Travel Professional Month’’ in October 2016; as follows: 
Strike the first whereas clause. In the second whereas clause, strike ‘‘Cruise Lines International Association sup-ports’’ and insert ‘‘cruise travel professionals support’’. In the second whereas clause, strike ‘‘is’’ and insert ‘‘are’’. In the third whereas clause, strike ‘‘are members of Cruise Lines International Asso-ciation and’’. In the seventh whereas clause, strike ‘‘Cruise Lines International Association and’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 14, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on June 14, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating the Fi-nancial Risks of China.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 14, 2016, at 10 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 14, 2016, at 10:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Iran Nuclear Agreement: One Year Later.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet, during the session of the Senate, on July 14, 2016, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD– 430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘ESSA Implementation: Perspectives from Education Stakeholders on Pro-posed Regulations.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on July 14, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct an executive busi-ness meeting. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on July 14, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SR–428A of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Searching for Capital: How Venture Capitalists and Angel Investors Fund Entre-preneurs and Startup Companies.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Stephen Dietz, a fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the duration of my re-marks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the majority leader, pursuant to Public Law 114–187, and in consultation with the chairman of the Senate Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources and with the chairman of the Senate Committee on Finance, appoints the following individuals as members of the Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico: the Honorable O
RRIN HATCH of Utah (Finance) and the Honorable M
ARCO RUBIO of Florida (Energy and Natural Resources). The Chair announces, on behalf of the President pro tempore, pursuant to Public Law 110–315, the reappointment of the following individual to be a member of the National Advisory Com-mittee on Institutional Quality and In-tegrity: Jill Derby of Nevada. The Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, pursuant to Public Law 94–201, as amended by Public Law 105– 275, reappoints the following individual as a member of the Board of Trustees of the American Folklife Center of the Library of Congress: Joanna Hess of New Mexico. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXTRADITION TREATY WITH THE DOMINICAN REPUBLIC 
EXTRADITION TREATY WITH THE REPUBLIC OF CHILE Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following treaties on today’s Executive Calendar: Nos. 11 and 12 en bloc; I further ask unanimous consent that the treaties be considered as hav-ing advanced through the various par-liamentary stages up to and including the presentation of the resolutions of ratification; that any committee con-ditions, declarations, or reservations be agreed to as applicable; that any statements be printed in the R
ECORD ; further, that when the resolutions of ratification are voted upon, the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table; and that the President be notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The treaties will be stated. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Treaty document No. 114–10, Extradition Treaty with the Dominican Republic. Treaty document No. 113–6, Extradition Treaty with the Republic of Chile. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask for a division vote on the resolu-tions of ratification en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. A divi-sion vote has been requested. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.078 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5182 July 14, 2016 
On treaty document Nos. 114–10 and 113–6, Senators in favor of the resolu-tions of ratification will rise and stand until counted. Those opposed will rise and stand until counted. On a division vote, two-thirds of the Senators present having voted in the affirmative, the resolutions of ratifica-tion are agreed to en bloc. The resolutions of ratification are as follows: 
Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), 
SECTION 1. SENATE ADVICE AND CONSENT SUB-JECT TO A DECLARATION. 
The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Treaty Between the Gov-ernment of the United States of America and the Government of the Dominican Republic, signed at Santo Domingo on January 12, 2015 (Treaty Doc. 114–10), subject to the declara-tion of section 2. 
SEC. 2. DECLARATION. 
The advice and consent of the Senate under section 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Treaty is self-executing. Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), 
SECTION 1. SENATE ADVICE AND CONSENT SUB-JECT TO A DECLARATION. 
The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Treaty Between the Gov-ernment of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Chile, signed at Washington on June 5, 2013 (Treaty Doc. 113–6), subject to the declaration of sec-tion 2. 
SEC. 2. DECLARATION. 
The advice and consent of the Senate under section 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Treaty is self-executing. f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of Calendar Nos. 209, 472, 679 through 684, and 595; that the Senate vote on the nominations en bloc with-out intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session without any intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nations of Julius Lloyd Horwich, of Il-linois, to be Assistant Secretary for Legislation and Congressional Affairs, Department of Education; Thomas F. Scott Darling, III, of Massachusetts, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration; Ann Hall, of Maine, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Min-ister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Repub-lic of Lithuania; Lawrence Robert Sil-verman of Massachusetts, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the State of Kuwait; Carol Z. Perez, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Chile; Geoffrey R. Pyatt, of California, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Min-ister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Greece; Douglas Alan Silliman, of Texas, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Iraq; Marie L. Yovanovitch, of Connecticut, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Ukraine; and Blair Ander-son, of California, to be Under Sec-retary of Transportation for Policy. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Horwich, Darling, Hall, Silverman, Perez, Pyatt, Silliman, Yovanovitch, and Anderson nomina-tions en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2016 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. 3282, introduced earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3282) to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the meas-ure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The bill (S. 3282) was passed, as fol-lows: S. 3282 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Sea Grant College Program Amendments Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES TO THE NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM ACT. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, wherever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the National Sea Grant College Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1121 et seq.). 
SEC. 3. MODIFICATION OF DEAN JOHN A. KNAUSS MARINE POLICY FELLOWSHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 208(b) (33 U.S.C. 1127(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. (b) P
LACEMENTS IN CONGRESS .—Such sec-tion is further amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (2) in paragraph (1), as designated by para-graph (1), in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘A fellowship’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) P
LACEMENT PRIORITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In each year in which the Secretary awards a legislative fellowship under this subsection, when considering the placement of fellows, the Secretary shall prioritize placement of fellows in the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) Positions in offices of, or with mem-bers on, committees of Congress that have jurisdiction over the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. ‘‘(ii) Positions in offices of members of Congress that have a demonstrated interest in ocean, coastal, or Great Lakes resources. ‘‘(B) E
QUITABLE DISTRIBUTION .—In placing fellows in offices described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall ensure, to the max-imum degree practicable, that placements are equitably distributed among the political parties. ‘‘(3) D
URATION .—A fellowship’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (b) shall apply with re-spect to the first calendar year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. (d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS CONCERNING FED-
ERAL HIRING OF FORMER FELLOWS .—It is the sense of Congress that in recognition of the competitive nature of the fellowship under section 208(b) of the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1127(b)), and of the exceptional qualifications of fellowship awardees, the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, should encour-age participating Federal agencies to con-sider opportunities for fellowship awardees at the conclusion of their fellowship for workforce positions appropriate for their education and experience. 
SEC. 4. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF SEC-RETARY OF COMMERCE TO ACCEPT DONATIONS FOR NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 204(c)(4)(E) (33 U.S.C. 1123(c)(4)(E)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(E) accept donations of money and, not-withstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, of voluntary and uncompen-sated services;’’. (b) P
RIORITIES .—The Secretary of Com-merce, acting through the Under Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.121 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5183 July 14, 2016 
of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, shall establish priorities for the use of dona-tions accepted under section 204(c)(4)(E) of the National Sea Grant College Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1123(c)(4)(E)), and shall consider among those priorities the possibility of ex-panding the Dean John A. Knauss Marine Policy Fellowship’s placement of additional fellows in relevant legislative offices under section 208(b) of that Act (33 U.S.C. 1127(b)), in accordance with the recommendations under subsection (c) of this section. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Sea Grant College Program, in consultation with the National Sea Grant Advisory Board and the Sea Grant Association, shall— (1) develop recommendations for the opti-mal use of any donations accepted under sec-tion 204(c)(4)(E) of the National Sea Grant College Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1123(c)(4)(E)); and (2) submit to Congress a report on the rec-ommendations developed under paragraph (1). (d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit or otherwise af-fect any other amounts available for marine policy fellowships under section 208(b) of the National Sea Grant College Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1127(b)), including amounts— (1) accepted under section 204(c)(4)(F) of that Act (33 U.S.C. 1123(c)(4)(F)); or (2) appropriated under section 212 of that Act (33 U.S.C. 1131). 
SEC. 5. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR REPORT ON COORDINATION OF OCEANS AND COASTAL RESEARCH ACTIVITIES. 
Section 9 of the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Act Amendments of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 857–20) is repealed. 
SEC. 6. REDUCTION IN FREQUENCY REQUIRED FOR NATIONAL SEA GRANT ADVI-SORY BOARD REPORT. 
Section 209(b)(2) (33 U.S.C. 1128(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘B
IENNIAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘P
ERIODIC ’’; and (2) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The Board shall report to the Congress every two years’’ and inserting ‘‘Not less frequently than once every 3 years, the Board shall sub-mit to Congress a report’’. 
SEC. 7. MODIFICATION OF ELEMENTS OF NA-TIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PRO-GRAM. 
Section 204(b) (33 U.S.C. 1123(b)) is amend-ed, in the matter before paragraph (1), by in-serting ‘‘for research, education, extension, training, technology transfer, and public service’’ after ‘‘financial assistance’’. 
SEC. 8. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY; DEAN JOHN A. KNAUSS MARINE POLICY FELLOW-SHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—During fiscal year 2016 and thereafter, the head of any Federal agen-cy may appoint, without regard to the provi-sions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, other than sections 3303 and 3328 of that title, a qualified candidate described in subsection (b) directly to a posi-tion with the Federal agency for which the candidate meets Office of Personnel Manage-ment qualification standards. (b) D
EAN JOHN A. K NAUSS MARINE POLICY  F
ELLOWSHIP .—Subsection (a) applies with re-spect to a former recipient of a Dean John A. Knauss Marine Policy Fellowship under sec-tion 208(b) of the National Sea Grant College Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1127(b)) who— (1) earned a graduate or post-graduate de-gree in a field related to ocean, coastal and Great Lakes resources or policy from an ac-credited institution of higher education; and (2) successfully fulfilled the requirements of the fellowship within the executive or leg-islative branch of the United States Govern-ment. (c) LIMITATION .—The direct hire authority under this section shall be exercised with re-spect to a specific qualified candidate not later than 2 years after the date that the candidate completed the fellowship. 
SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR NATIONAL SEA GRANT COL-LEGE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 212(a) (33 U.S.C. 1131(a)) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this title— ‘‘(A) $75,600,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(B) $79,380,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(C) $83,350,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(D) $87,520,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(E) $91,900,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(F) $96,500,000 for fiscal year 2021.’’; and (2) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
RIORITY ACTIVITIES FOR FISCAL YEARS  
2016 THROUGH 2021 .—In addition to the amounts authorized under paragraph (1), there is authorized to be appropriated $6,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 for competitive grants for the following: ‘‘(A) University research on the biology, prevention, and control of aquatic nonnative species. ‘‘(B) University research on oyster dis-eases, oyster restoration, and oyster-related human health risks. ‘‘(C) University research on the biology, prevention, and forecasting of harmful algal blooms. ‘‘(D) University research, education, train-ing, and extension services and activities fo-cused on coastal resilience and U.S. working waterfronts and other regional or national priority issues identified in the strategic plan under section 204(c)(1). ‘‘(E) University research on sustainable aquaculture techniques and technologies. ‘‘(F) Fishery extension activities con-ducted by sea grant colleges or sea grant in-stitutes to enhance, and not supplant, exist-ing core program funding.’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF LIMITATIONS ON  A
MOUNTS FOR ADMINISTRATION .—Paragraph (1) of section 212(b) (33 U.S.C. 1131(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—There may not be used for administration of programs under this title in a fiscal year more than 5.5 percent of the lesser of— ‘‘(i) the amount authorized to be appro-priated under this title for the fiscal year; or ‘‘(ii) the amount appropriated under this title for the fiscal year. ‘‘(B) C
RITICAL STAFFING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall use the authority under subchapter VI of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, to meet any critical staffing requirement while carrying out the activities authorized in this title. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION FROM CAP .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), any costs incurred as a re-sult of an exercise of authority as described in clause (i) shall not be considered an amount used for administration of programs under this title in a fiscal year.’’. (c) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 204(d)(3) (33 U.S.C. 1123(d)(3)) is amended— (A) in the matter before subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘With respect to sea grant col-leges and sea grant institutes’’ and inserting ‘‘With respect to sea grant colleges, sea grant institutes, sea grant programs, and sea grant projects’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), in the matter be-fore clause (i), by striking ‘‘funding among sea grant colleges and sea grant institutes’’ and inserting ‘‘funding among sea grant col-leges, sea grant institutes, sea grant pro-grams, and sea grant projects’’. (2) REPEAL OF REQUIREMENTS CONCERNING  
DISTRIBUTION OF EXCESS AMOUNTS .—Section 212 (33 U.S.C. 1131) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively. 
SEC. 10. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
The National Sea Grant College Program Act (33 U.S.C. 1121 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 204(d)(3)(B) (33 U.S.C. 1123(d)(3)(B)), by moving clause (vi) two ems to the right; and (2) in section 209(b)(2) (33 U.S.C. 1128(b)(2)), as amended by section 6, in the third sen-tence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY OF RESOURCES OF DE -
PARTMENT OF COMMERCE .—The Secretary shall’’. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EMMETT TILL UNSOLVED CIVIL RIGHTS CRIMES REAUTHORIZA-TION ACT OF 2016 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. 2854 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2854) to reauthorize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I rise today to applaud the Senate’s passage of the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthorization Act, bi-partisan legislation that I introduced in April with Congressman J
OHNLEWIS. We were joined in this effort by Sen-ators L
EAHY , MCCASKILL and B LUNT , as well as Representative J
IMSENSEN -
BRENNER . The goal of this legislation is simple and noble: to bring truth to light and bring justice to the victims of racially motivated murders. The original bill was championed by Representative L
EWIS and civil rights activist and cold case researcher Alvin Sykes in 2007, and it aimed to ensure that those who had quite literally got-ten away with murder during the civil rights era were prosecuted under the law. And recognizing that while many of these civil rights era cases can’t be prosecuted due to legal challenges, the investigation of these cold cases is im-portant to revealing the truth about the injustices committed against Afri-can-Americans and the failure of the legal system to protect them. Uncover-ing and confronting this dark part of our nation’s history is invaluable to strengthening our rule of law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:57 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.101 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5184 July 14, 2016 
Mr. President, it was important to pass this bill today because on August 28—a day that will arrive during the Congressional recess—the Till family and others in the civil rights commu-nity will remember the murder of Em-mett Till. As my colleagues know, Em-mett Till was a 14-year-old-boy from Chicago who was brutally murdered in Mississippi in 1955 after whistling at a white woman. The two individuals who were charged with the murder of Emmett Till were tried. But after only a 67- minute deliberation of the jury, the two men were acquitted of capital mur-der. Both men later confessed to the murder to a reporter, but under our Constitution, these individuals could not be retried. Had Emmett Till not been murdered, his family would have been celebrating his 75th birthday this month instead of remembering his death next month. The Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr., once said that ‘‘the time is always right to do what is right.’’ We can’t bring Emmett Till back, but we can honor his legacy and do what is right by uncovering these unimaginable wrongs. Under the original Emmett Till Act, the Department of Justice and FBI have investigated 105 of 113 cold cases involving 126 victims. There has been one successful prosecution at the State level since the passage of this law, in which a former police officer plead guilty for manslaughter in the death of a civil rights activist. Yet there is growing evidence gath-ered by activists, lawyers, and re-searchers that more unsolved murders exist, and the mandate of the original law is not yet complete. For example, in 2012, the Cold Case Justice Initiative at Syracuse University submitted 196 names of victims of racially suspicious cases to the DOJ that warrant review. To my knowledge, these names have not been investigated. The Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Right Crimes Reauthorization Act would enable the Department of Jus-tice and FBI to carry on the critical mission of investigating unsolved mur-ders, and when possible, securing jus-tice through our legal system. It would enable them to investigate a broader time span of crimes than the original bill, recognizing that racially motivated violence did not end in 1969. And it would provide for increased collaboration among the federal gov-ernment, State and local officials, and cold case researchers, to ensure a full array of resources are dedicated to this end. Many of these crimes may not be able to be prosecuted due to statutes of limitations, the death of witnesses, or other legal issues. But even if these in-vestigations do not lead to prosecu-tions, giving these families the real truth about what happened to their loved ones is not only important to them as they cope with their grief, it is also important for understanding our history, ensuring the rule of law, and sending the message to future genera-tions that every single American is worthy of the protections of our laws. In Letter from Birmingham Jail, Dr. King wrote that ‘‘justice too long de-layed is justice denied.’’ For many vic-tims, full justice will never be realized because justice has been delayed too long. It is the purpose of this bill to en-sure that justice is not delayed any longer, and it is my hope that the House of Representatives will soon pass this bill and the President will sign it into law. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Burr substitute amendment be agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4975) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. INVESTIGATION OF UNSOLVED CIVIL RIGHTS CRIMES. 
The Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007 (28 U.S.C. 509 note) is amended— (1) in section 2— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) coordinate the sharing of information between the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the civil rights community, and other enti-ties; ‘‘(4) support the full accounting of all vic-tims whose deaths or disappearances were the result of racially motivated crimes; ‘‘(5) hold accountable under Federal and State law all individuals who were perpetra-tors of, or accomplices in, unsolved civil rights murders and such disappearances; ‘‘(6) express the condolences of the author-ity to the communities affected by unsolved civil rights murders, and to the families of the victims of such murders and such dis-appearances; ‘‘(7) keep families regularly informed about the status of the investigations of such murders and such disappearances of their loved ones; and ‘‘(8) expeditiously comply with requests for information received pursuant to section 552 of title 5, United States Code, (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’) and develop a singular, publicly accessible repository of these disclosed documents.’’; (2) in section 3— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘occurred not later than December 31, 1969, and’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and eligi-ble entities’’; and (iii) by adding after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW OF CLOSED CASES .—The Deputy Chief shall, to the extent practicable, reopen and review any case involving a violation de-scribed in paragraph (1) that was closed prior to the date of the enactment of the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Reauthor-ization Act of 2016 without an in-person in-vestigation conducted by an officer or em-ployee of the Criminal Section of the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice or by an agent of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation. ‘‘(4) TASK FORCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Deputy Chief shall establish a task force that includes rep-resentatives from the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation, the Community Relations Serv-ice of the Department of Justice, State and local law enforcement agencies, and eligible entities to assist, as appropriate, with con-ducting a thorough investigation of, and to make recommendations to the Deputy Chief regarding, the cases involving violations de-scribed in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— In addition to amounts made available to carry out this Act under section 6, there is authorized to be appropriated to the Attor-ney General $1,500,000 for fiscal year 2017 and each subsequent fiscal year to carry out this paragraph.’’; and (B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘that occurred not later than December 31, 1969’’; (II) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) in subparagraph (G), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (IV) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the following: ‘‘(H) the number of cases referred by an eli-gible entity or a State or local law enforce-ment agency or prosecutor to the Depart-ment within the study period, the number of such cases that resulted in Federal charges being filed, the date the charges were filed, and if the Department declines to prosecute or participate in an investigation of a case so referred, the fact that it did so, and the out-reach, collaboration, and support for inves-tigations and prosecutions of violations of criminal civil rights statutes, including mur-ders and including disappearances described in section 2(4), within Federal, State, and local jurisdictions.’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and a de-scription of the activities conducted under subsection (b)(3)’’; (3) in section 4(b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘occurred not later than December 31, 1969, and’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and eligi-ble entities’’; (4) in section 5— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘occurred not later than December 31, 1969, and’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘each of the fiscal years 2008 through 2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal year 2017 and each subsequent fiscal year’’; (5) in section 6— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘each of the fiscal years 2008 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017 and each subsequent fiscal year’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘occurred not later than December 31, 1969, and’’; and (B) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) C
OMMUNITY RELATIONS SERVICE OF THE  D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE .—Using funds appro-priated under section 3(b)(4)(B), the Commu-nity Relations Service of the Department of Justice shall provide technical assistance by bringing together law enforcement agencies and communities in the investigation of vio-lations described in section 4(b).’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.082 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5185 July 14, 2016 
(6) in section 7— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
DEFINITION  
OF‘CRIMINAL CIVIL RIGHTS STATUTES ’’’ and in- serting ‘‘
DEFINITIONS ’’; (B) in paragraph (6), by redesignating sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting the clauses ac-cordingly; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (6) as subparagraphs (A) through (F), respectively, and indenting the subpara-graphs accordingly; (D) by striking ‘‘In this Act, the term’’ and inserting: ‘‘In this Act: ‘‘(1) C
RIMINAL CIVIL RIGHTS STATUTES .—The term’’; and (E) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means an organization whose pri-mary purpose is to promote civil rights, an institution of higher education, or another entity, determined by the Attorney General to be appropriate.’’; and (7) by striking section 8. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the meas-ure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Hearing no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The bill (S. 2854), as amended, was passed. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
KEVIN AND AVONTE’S LAW OF 2016 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 423, S. 2614. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2614) to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote ini-tiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering charac-teristics of some children with autism. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Grass-ley-Schumer substitute amendment be agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4976) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Ms. MURKOWSKI: I know of no fur-ther debate on this measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Hearing no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The bill (S. 2614), as amended, was passed. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
PFC JAMES DUNN VA CLINIC Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. 3283, introduced earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3283) to designate the commu-nity-based outpatient clinic of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs in Pueblo, Colo-rado, as the ‘‘PFC James Dunn VA Clinic.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 3283) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 3283 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION OF PFC JAMES DUNN VA CLINIC IN PUEBLO, COLORADO. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The community-based outpatient clinic of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Pueblo, Colorado, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘PFC James Dunn VA Clinic’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the com-munity-based outpatient clinic referred to in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a ref-erence to the PFC James Dunn VA Clinic. f 
HOUSING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2016 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 3700 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3700) to provide housing oppor-tunities in the United States through mod-ernization of various housing programs, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 3700) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. f 
JOHN F. KENNEDY CENTENNIAL COMMISSION ACT Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to immediate consider-ation of H.R. 5722, which was received from the House and is at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5722) to establish the John F. Kennedy Centennial Commission. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be read three times and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5722) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
COMMEMORATING ‘‘CRUISE TRAV-EL PROFESSIONAL MONTH’’ IN OCTOBER 2016 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-merce Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 486. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 486) commemorating ‘‘Cruise Travel Professional Month’’ in Octo-ber 2016. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the Rubio amendment to the pre-amble be agreed to, the preamble, as amended, be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 486) was agreed to. The amendment (No. 4977) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the preamble) Strike the first whereas clause. In the second whereas clause, strike ‘‘Cruise Lines International Association sup-ports’’ and insert ‘‘cruise travel professionals support’’. In the second whereas clause, strike ‘‘is’’ and insert ‘‘are’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.083 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5186 July 14, 2016 
In the third whereas clause, strike ‘‘are members of Cruise Lines International Asso-ciation and’’. In the seventh whereas clause, strike ‘‘Cruise Lines International Association and’’. 
The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. The resolution, with its preamble, as amended, reads as follows: 
S. R ES. 486 Whereas cruise travel professionals support policies and practices that foster a safe, se-cure, healthy, and sustainable cruise ship en-vironment and are dedicated to promoting the cruise travel experience; Whereas approximately 10,000 travel agen-cies and 19,000 individual cruise travel pro-fessionals participate in ongoing professional development and training programs to build cruise industry knowledge; Whereas cruise travel professionals deliver value to consumers by providing advice on choosing the best cruise based on the budg-ets and interests of the customers and tak-ing the worry out of vacation planning by ar-ranging the details of vacations; Whereas cruise passengers have consist-ently ranked cruise travel professionals as the most helpful sources of information and service among all distribution channels used for purchasing cruises; Whereas 70 percent of cruise passengers from the United States use a cruise travel professional to plan and book a cruise vaca-tion; Whereas cruise travel professionals across the world celebrate and promote October as ‘‘Plan a Cruise Month’’; Whereas the United States has the most cruise passengers in the world, with almost 11,500,000 cruise passengers in 2014; Whereas the cruise industry in the United States generated 375,000 jobs across all 50 States in 2014; and Whereas, in 2014, the cruise industry spent $21,000,000,000 directly with United States businesses and generated $46,000,000,000 in gross outputs due to the spending of cruise lines and the crew and passengers of cruise lines, including indirect economic impacts: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commemorates the inaugural ‘‘Cruise Travel Professional Month’’ in October 2016; (2) acknowledges the creativity and profes-sionalism of the men and women of the cruise travel professional community; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to observe ‘‘Cruise Travel Profes-sional Month’’ with appropriate ceremonies and activities. f 
WELCOMING PRIME MINISTER LEE HSIEN-LOONG TO THE UNITED STATES Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 565, S. Res. 515. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 515) welcoming Prime Minister Lee Hsien-Loong to the United States and reaffirming Singapore’s strategic partnership with the United States, encom-passing broad and robust economic, military- to-military, law enforcement, and counter-terrorism cooperation. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 515) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the RECORD of June 29, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CON-GRESS ON THE PESHMERGA OF THE KURDISTAN REGION OF IRAQ Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 566, S. Con. Res. 41. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 41) expressing the sense of Congress on the Peshmerga of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution, which had been reported from the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions with amendments, as follows: (The parts of the concurrent resolu-tion intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brackets and the parts of the concurrent resolution intended to be inserted are shown in italic.) 
S. C ON. RES. 41 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That it is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Peshmerga of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq have been one of the most effective fighting forces in the military campaign against the Islamic State of Iraq and al- Sham (ISIS); (2) the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham poses an acute threat to the Iraqi people and territorial integrity of Iraq, including the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, and the security and stability of the Middle East; (3) the severe budget shortfalls faced by both the Government of Iraq and the Kurdistan Regional Government are hin-dering the stability of Iraq and have the po-tential to undermine long-term efforts to bring about the sustainable defeat of the Is-lamic State of Iraq and al-Sham; (4) the $415,000,000 pledged by the United States Government to the Kurdish Peshmerga in April of 2016, in coordination with the Government of Iraq, in addition to the $65,000,000 already provided from the Iraq Train and Equip Fund, should remain a pri-ority for the United States as part of the continued support for Iraqi Security Forces, including the Peshmerga, in the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and al- Sham; ø(5) the Peshmerga should receive all weapons and equipment that the United States, in coordination with the Government of Iraq, agrees to provide in an expeditious and in a timely manner;¿ (5) the Peshmerga should receive all weapons and equipment that the United States, by, with, and through the Government of Iraq, agrees to provide in an expeditious and in a timely man-ner; (6) it should be the policy of the United States to support, within the framework of the Iraq Constitution, Iraqi Security Forces, the Kurdish Peshmerga in Iraq, Sunni tribal forces, and other local security forces, including threatened ethnic and religious minority groups, in the campaign against the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham; (7) ensuring the safe resettlement and re-integration of ethnic and religious minorities, including Christians (among them Assyrian, Chaldean, Syriac, Armenian, Evangelical, Antiochian and Greek Orthodox, Maronite, Melkite, and Roman Catholic communities), Yezidis, Turkmen, Shi’a, Shabak, Sabaean- Mandeans, and Kaka’i, among others, including victims of genocide, into their homelands in Iraq, including the Ninevah Plain, is a critical component toward achieving a safe, secure, and sovereign Iraq; ø(6)¿ (8) the Peshmerga require equipment that will allow them to defend themselves and their coalition advisers against the in-creased use of vehicle-borne improvised ex-plosive devices by the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham; ø(7)¿ (9) the Peshmerga are vital partners in the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham; and ø(8)¿ (10) in coordination with the Govern-ment of Iraq, the United States will endeav-or to increase assistance to Iraqi Kurdish Forces to enhance their combat medicine and logistical capabilities, to defend inter-nally displaced persons and refugees, and to defend the Peshmerga and their coalition ad-visers. Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported amendments be agreed to, the concur-rent resolution, as amended, be agreed to, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were agreed to. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 41), as amended, was agreed to, as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 41 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That it is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Peshmerga of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq have been one of the most effective fighting forces in the military campaign against the Islamic State of Iraq and al- Sham (ISIS); (2) the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham poses an acute threat to the Iraqi people and territorial integrity of Iraq, including the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, and the security and stability of the Middle East; (3) the severe budget shortfalls faced by both the Government of Iraq and the Kurdistan Regional Government are hin-dering the stability of Iraq and have the po-tential to undermine long-term efforts to bring about the sustainable defeat of the Is-lamic State of Iraq and al-Sham; (4) the $415,000,000 pledged by the United States Government to the Kurdish Peshmerga in April of 2016, in coordination with the Government of Iraq, in addition to the $65,000,000 already provided from the Iraq Train and Equip Fund, should remain a pri-ority for the United States as part of the continued support for Iraqi Security Forces, including the Peshmerga, in the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and al- Sham; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.085 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5187 July 14, 2016 
(5) the Peshmerga should receive all weap-ons and equipment that the United States, by, with, and through the Government of Iraq, agrees to provide in an expeditious and in a timely manner; (6) it should be the policy of the United States to support, within the framework of the Iraq Constitution, Iraqi Security Forces, the Kurdish Peshmerga in Iraq, Sunni tribal forces, and other local security forces, in-cluding threatened ethnic and religious mi-nority groups, in the campaign against the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham; (7) ensuring the safe resettlement and re-integration of ethnic and religious minori-ties, including Christians (among them As-syrian, Chaldean, Syriac, Armenian, Evan-gelical, Antiochian and Greek Orthodox, Maronite, Melkite, and Roman Catholic communities), Yezidis, Turkmen, Shi’a, Shabak, Sabaean-Mandeans, and Kaka’i, among others, including victims of genocide, into their homelands in Iraq, including the Ninevah Plain, is a critical component to-ward achieving a safe, secure, and sovereign Iraq; (8) the Peshmerga require equipment that will allow them to defend themselves and their coalition advisers against the increased use of vehicle-borne improvised explosive de-vices by the Islamic State of Iraq and al- Sham; (9) the Peshmerga are vital partners in the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham; and (10) in coordination with the Government of Iraq, the United States will endeavor to increase assistance to Iraqi Kurdish Forces to enhance their combat medicine and logistical capabilities, to defend internally displaced persons and refugees, and to defend the Peshmerga and their coalition advisers. f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE GOAL OF ENSURING THAT ALL HOLOCAUST VICTIMS LIVE WITH DIGNITY, COMFORT, AND SECU-RITY IN THEIR REMAINING YEARS Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 568, S. Con. Res. 46. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 46) expressing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to continue to reaffirm its commit-ment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holo-caust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 46) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the RECORD of July 12, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) 
f 
SUPPORTING THE BID OF LOS AN-GELES, CALIFORNIA, TO BRING THE 2024 SUMMER OLYMPIC GAMES BACK TO THE UNITED STATES Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H. Con. Res. 142, which was re-ceived from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 142) supporting the bid of Los Angeles, Cali-fornia, to bring the 2024 Summer Olympic Games back to the United States and pledg-ing the cooperation of Congress with respect to that bid. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 142) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. 
f 
INDIAN EMPLOYMENT, TRAINING AND RELATED SERVICES CON-SOLIDATION ACT OF 2015 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 385, S. 1443. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1443) to amend the Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the em-ployment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Ms. MURKOWSKI. I know of no fur-ther debate on this measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The bill (S. 1443) was passed, as fol-lows: S. 1443 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENT OF SHORT TITLE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3401 note; 106 Stat. 2302) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This Act may be cited as the ‘Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992’.’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in law to the ‘‘Indian Employment, Training and Re-lated Services Demonstration Act of 1992’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘In-dian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992’’. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF PURPOSE. 
Section 2 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3401) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The purposes of this Act are to demonstrate how Indian tribal govern-ments can’’ and inserting ‘‘The purpose of this Act is to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes and tribal organizations to’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘from diverse Federal sources’’ after ‘‘they provide’’; (3) by striking ‘‘and serve tribally-deter-mined’’ and inserting ‘‘, and serve tribally determined’’; and (4) by inserting ‘‘, while reducing adminis-trative, reporting, and accounting costs’’ after ‘‘policy of self-determination’’. 
SEC. 4. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3 of the Indian Employment, Training, and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3402) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The terms ‘Indian tribe’ and ‘tribe’ have the meaning given the term ‘Indian tribe’ in section 4 of the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ includes tribal organizations (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b).’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘program’ means a program described in section 5(a).’’. 
SEC. 5. INTEGRATION OF SERVICES AUTHORIZED. 
Section 4 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3403) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 4. INTEGRATION OF SERVICES AUTHOR-IZED. 
‘‘The Secretary shall, after approving a plan submitted by an Indian tribe in accord-ance with section 8, authorize the Indian tribe to, in accordance with the plan— ‘‘(1) integrate the programs and Federal funds received by the Indian tribe; and ‘‘(2) coordinate the employment, training, and related services provided with those funds in a consolidated and comprehensive tribal plan.’’. 
SEC. 6. PROGRAMS AFFECTED AND TRANSFER OF FUNDS. 
Section 5 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3404) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.088 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5188 July 14, 2016 
‘‘SEC. 5. PROGRAMS AFFECTED. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAMS AFFECTED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The programs that may be integrated pursuant to a plan approved under section 8 shall be only programs— ‘‘(A) implemented for the purpose of— ‘‘(i) job training; ‘‘(ii) welfare to work and tribal work expe-rience; ‘‘(iii) creating or enhancing employment opportunities; ‘‘(iv) higher education; ‘‘(v) skill development; ‘‘(vi) assisting Indian youth and adults to succeed in the workforce; ‘‘(vii) encouraging self-sufficiency; ‘‘(viii) familiarizing individual participants with the world of work; ‘‘(ix) facilitating the creation of job oppor-tunities; ‘‘(x) economic development; or ‘‘(xi) any services related to the activities described in clauses (i) through (x); and ‘‘(B) under which an Indian tribe or mem-bers of an Indian tribe— ‘‘(i) are eligible to receive funds— ‘‘(I) under a statutory or administrative formula making funds available to an Indian tribe; or ‘‘(II) due to their status as Indians under Federal law; or ‘‘(ii) have secured funds as a result of a competitive process, a noncompetitive proc-ess, or a specific designation. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF BLOCK GRANT FUNDS .— For purposes of this section, programs fund-ed by block grant funds provided to an In-dian tribe, regardless of whether the block grant is for the benefit of the Indian tribe be-cause of the status of the Indian tribe or the status of the beneficiaries the grant serves, shall be eligible to be integrated into the plan. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZATION .—The Sec- retary shall, in cooperation with the Attor-ney General, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Education, the Secretary of Energy, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Transportation, and the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, after the Secretary approves a plan submitted by an Indian tribe or tribal organization under section 8, authorize the Indian tribe or tribal organization, as appli-cable, to coordinate, in accordance with the plan, federally funded employment, training, and related services programs and funding in a manner that integrates the programs and funding into a consolidated and comprehen-sive program.’’. 
SEC. 7. PLAN REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 6 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3405) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 6. PLAN REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘A plan submitted to the Secretary for ap-proval under this Act shall— ‘‘(1) identify the programs to be integrated and consolidated; ‘‘(2) be consistent with the purposes of this Act; ‘‘(3) describe— ‘‘(A) a comprehensive strategy identifying the full range of potential employment op-portunities on and near the service area of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(B) the education, training, and related services to be provided to assist Indians to access those employment opportunities; ‘‘(C) the way in which services and pro-gram funds are to be integrated, consoli-dated, and delivered; and ‘‘(D) the results expected from the plan; ‘‘(4) identify the projected expenditures under the plan in a single budget covering all consolidated funds; ‘‘(5) identify any agency of the Indian tribe to be involved in the delivery of the services integrated under the plan; ‘‘(6) identify any statutory provisions, reg-ulations, policies, or procedures that the In-dian tribe believes need to be waived to im-plement the plan; and ‘‘(7) be approved by the governing body of the Indian tribe.’’. SEC. 8. PLAN REVIEW; WAIVER AUTHORITY; AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION. 
Section 7 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3406) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Upon receipt of a plan from an Indian tribe, the Secretary shall consult with— ‘‘(1) the head of each Federal agency over-seeing a program identified in the plan; and ‘‘(2) the Indian tribe that submitted the plan. ‘‘(b) I
DENTIFICATION OF WAIVERS .—The par- ties identified in subsection (a) shall identify any waivers of applicable statutory, regu-latory, or administrative requirements, or of Federal agency policies or procedures nec-essary to enable the Indian tribe to effi-ciently implement the plan. ‘‘(c) T
RIBAL WAIVER REQUEST .—In consulta-tion with the Secretary, a participating In-dian tribe may request that the head of each affected agency waive any statutory, regu-latory, or administrative requirement, pol-icy, or procedure identified subsection (b). ‘‘(d) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), notwithstanding any other provision of law, the head of each affected Federal agency shall waive any applicable statutory, regulatory, or administrative re-quirement, regulation, policy, or procedure promulgated by the agency that has been identified by the parties under subparagraph (b). ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The head of an affected Federal agency shall not grant a waiver under paragraph (1) if the head of the af-fected agency determines that a waiver will be inconsistent with— ‘‘(A) the purposes of this Act; or ‘‘(B) the provision of law from which the program included in the plan derives its au-thority that is specifically applicable to In-dians. ‘‘(e) D
ECISION ON WAIVER REQUEST .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the head of an affected agency receives a waiver request, the head of the affected agency shall decide whether to grant or deny the request. ‘‘(2) D
ENIAL OF REQUEST .—If the head of the affected agency denies a waiver request, not later than 30 days after the date on which the denial is made, the head of the affected agency shall provide the requesting Indian tribe and the Secretary with written notice of the denial and the reasons for the denial. ‘‘(3) F
AILURE TO ACT ON REQUEST .—If the head of an affected agency does not make a decision under paragraph (1) by the deadline identified in that paragraph, the request shall be considered to be granted. ‘‘(f) S
ECRETARIAL REVIEW .—If the head of an affected agency denies a waiver request under subsection (e)(2), not later than 30 days after the date on which the request is denied, the Secretary shall review the denial and determine whether granting the waiv-er— ‘‘(1) will be inconsistent with the provi-sions of this Act; or ‘‘(2) will prevent the affected agency from fulfilling the obligations of the affected agency under this Act. ‘‘(g) I
NTERAGENCY DISPUTE RESOLUTION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary deter-mines that granting the waiver will not be inconsistent with the provisions of this Act and will not prevent the affected agency from fulfilling the obligations of the affected agency under this Act, the Secretary shall establish and initiate an interagency dispute resolution process involving— ‘‘(A) the Secretary; ‘‘(B) the participating Indian tribe; and ‘‘(C) the head of the affected agency. ‘‘(2) D
URATION .—A dispute subject to para-graph (1) shall be resolved not later than 30 days after the date on which the process is initiated. ‘‘(h) F
INAL AUTHORITY .—If the dispute reso-lution process fails to resolve the dispute be-tween a participating Indian tribe and an af-fected agency, the head of the affected agen-cy shall have the final authority to resolve the dispute. ‘‘(i) F
INAL DECISION .—Not later than 10 days after the date on which the dispute is resolved under this section, the Secretary shall provide the requesting Indian tribe with— ‘‘(1) the final decision on the waiver re-quest; and ‘‘(2) notice of the right to file an appeal in accordance with the applicable provisions described in section 8(d).’’. 
SEC. 9. PLAN APPROVAL; SECRETARIAL AUTHOR-ITY; REVIEW OF DECISION. 
Section 8 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3407) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 8. PLAN APPROVAL; SECRETARIAL AU-THORITY; REVIEW OF DECISION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall have exclusive authority to approve or dis-approve a plan submitted by an Indian tribe in accordance with section 6. ‘‘(b) A
PPROVAL PROCESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives a plan, the Secretary shall approve or deny the plan. ‘‘(2) A
PPROVAL .—If the Secretary approves a plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall authorize the transfer of program funds identified in the plan in accordance with sec-tion 13. ‘‘(3) D
ENIAL .—If the Secretary denies the plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide to the Indian tribe a written notifi-cation of disapproval of the plan that con-tains a specific finding that clearly dem-onstrates, or that is supported by a control-ling legal authority, that the plan does not meet the requirements described in section 6. ‘‘(4) P
ARTIAL APPROVAL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a plan is denied under paragraph (3) solely on the basis that a re-quest for a waiver that is part of the plan has not been approved (or is subject to dispute resolution) under section 7, the Secretary shall, upon a request from the tribe, grant partial approval for those portions of the plan not affected by the request for a waiver. ‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL AFTER RESOLUTION .—With respect to a plan described in subparagraph (A), on resolution of the request for a waiver under section 7, the Secretary shall, on a re-quest from the tribe, approve the plan or amended plan not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary receives the request. ‘‘(5) F
AILURE TO ACT .—If the Secretary does not make a decision under paragraph (1) within 90 days of the date on which the Sec-retary receives the plan, the plan shall be considered to be approved. ‘‘(c) E
XTENSION OF TIME.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may extend or otherwise alter the 90-day pe-riod identified in subsection (b)(1) for not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.093 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5189 July 14, 2016 
more than 90 additional days, if, before the expiration of the period, the Secretary ob-tains the express written consent of the In-dian tribe. ‘‘(d) R
EVIEW OF DENIAL .— ‘‘(1) P
ROCEDURE UPON REFUSAL TO APPROVE  
PLAN .—If the Secretary denies a plan under subsection (b)(3), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) state any objections in writing to the Indian tribe; ‘‘(B) provide assistance to the Indian tribe to overcome the stated objections; and ‘‘(C) unless the Indian tribe brings a civil action under paragraph (2), provide the In-dian tribe with a hearing on the record with the right to engage in full discovery relevant to any issue raised in the matter and the op-portunity for appeal on the objections raised, under such rules and regulations as the Sec-retary may promulgate. ‘‘(2) C
IVIL ACTIONS ; CONCURRENT JURISDIC -
TION; RELIEF .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The district courts of the United States shall have original juris-diction of a civil action or claim against the appropriate Secretary arising under this sec-tion and over any civil action or claim against the Secretary for money damages arising under contracts authorized by this section. ‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATIVE HEARING AND APPEAL  
NOT REQUIRED .—An Indian tribe may bring a civil action or claim under this paragraph without regard to whether the Indian tribe had a hearing or filed an appeal under para-graph (1). ‘‘(C) R
ELIEF .—In an action brought under this paragraph, the court may order appro-priate relief, including— ‘‘(i) money damages; ‘‘(ii) injunctive relief against any action by an officer or employee of the United States or any agency thereof contrary to this Act or regulations promulgated thereunder (includ-ing immediate injunctive relief to reverse a denial of a plan under this section or to com-pel the Secretary to approve a plan); and ‘‘(iii) a writ of mandamus to compel an of-ficer or employee of the United States, or any agency thereof, to perform a duty pro-vided under this Act or regulations promul-gated hereunder. ‘‘(3) B
URDEN OF PROOF AT HEARING OR AP -
PEAL DECLINING CONTRACT ; FINAL AGENCY AC -
TION.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to any hearing or appeal conducted under paragraph (1)(C) or any civil action brought under para-graph (2), the Secretary shall have the bur-den of proving by clear and convincing evi-dence the validity of the grounds for denying approval of a plan (or portion thereof). ‘‘(B) A
GENCY ACTION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a decision by an offi-cial of the Department of the Interior or the Department of Health and Human Services, as appropriate (collectively referred to in this paragraph as the ‘Department’) that constitutes final agency action and that re-lates to an appeal within the Department that is conducted under paragraph (1)(C) shall be made— ‘‘(i) by an official of the Department who holds a position at a higher organizational level within the Department than the level of the departmental agency (such as the In-dian Health Service or the Bureau of Indian Affairs) in which the decision that is the sub-ject of the appeal was made; or ‘‘(ii) by an administrative judge. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION OF LAWS TO ADMINISTRA -
TIVE APPEALS .—Section 504 of title 5, United States Code, and section 2412 of title 28, United States Code, shall apply to any ad-ministrative appeals pending on or filed after October 5, 1988, by an Indian tribe re-garding a plan under this Act.’’. SEC. 10. EMPLOYER TRAINING PLACEMENTS. 
Section 10 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3409) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 10. EMPLOYER TRAINING PLACEMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), an Indian tribe that has in place an ap-proved plan under this Act may use the funds made available for the plan under this Act— ‘‘(1) to place participants in training posi-tions with employers; and ‘‘(2) to pay the participants a training al-lowance or wage for a training period of not more than 24 months, which may be non-consecutive. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An Indian tribe may carry out subsection (a) only if the Indian tribe enters into a written agreement with each applicable employer under which the employer shall agree— ‘‘(1) to provide on-the-job training to the participants; and ‘‘(2) on satisfactory completion of the training period described in subsection (a)(2), to prioritize the provision of permanent em-ployment to the participants.’’. 
SEC. 11. FEDERAL RESPONSIBILITIES. 
Section 11 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3410) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 11. FEDERAL RESPONSIBILITIES. 
‘‘(a) L EADAGENCY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the lead agency re-sponsible for implementation of this Act shall be the Bureau of Indian Affairs. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The responsibilities of the Director of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in carrying out this Act shall include— ‘‘(A) the development of a single model re-port for each Indian tribe that has in place an approved plan under this Act to submit to the Director reports on any consolidated ac-tivities undertaken and joint expenditures made under the plan; ‘‘(B) the provision, directly or through con-tract, of appropriate voluntary and technical assistance to participating Indian tribes; ‘‘(C) the development and use of a single monitoring and oversight system for plans approved under this Act; ‘‘(D)(i) the receipt of all funds covered by a plan approved under this Act; and ‘‘(ii) the distribution of the funds to the re-spective Indian tribes by not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the funds from the appropriate Federal department or agency; and ‘‘(E)(i) the performance of activities de-scribed in section 7 relating to agency waiv-ers; and ‘‘(ii) the establishment of an interagency dispute resolution process. ‘‘(3) M
EMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act of 2014, the Secretary (act-ing through the Director of the Bureau of In-dian Affairs), in conjunction with the Secre-taries of Agriculture, Commerce, Education, Energy, Health and Human Services, Home-land Security, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, Labor, Transportation, and Veterans Affairs and the Attorney General, shall enter into an interdepartmental memorandum of agreement providing for the implementation of this Act. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The memorandum of agreement under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude provisions relating to— ‘‘(i) an annual meeting of participating In-dian tribes and Federal departments and agencies, to be co-chaired by— ‘‘(I) a representative of the President; and ‘‘(II) a representative of the participating Indian tribes; ‘‘(ii) an annual review of the achievements under this Act and any statutory, regu-latory, administrative, or policy obstacles that prevent participating Indian tribes from fully and efficiently carrying out the pur-poses of this Act; and ‘‘(iii) a forum comprised of participating Indian tribes and Federal departments and agencies to identify and resolve interagency conflicts and conflicts between the Federal Government and Indian tribes in the admin-istration of this Act. ‘‘(b) REPORT FORMAT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall de-velop and distribute to Indian tribes that have in place an approved plan under this Act a single report format, in accordance with the requirements of this Act. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The lead agency shall ensure that the report format developed under paragraph (1), together with records maintained by each participating Indian tribe, contains information sufficient— ‘‘(A) to determine whether the Indian tribe has complied with the requirements of the approved plan of the Indian tribe; and ‘‘(B) to provide assurances to the head of each applicable Federal department or agen-cy that the Indian tribe has complied with all directly applicable statutory and regu-latory requirements not waived under sec-tion 7. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—The report format devel-oped under paragraph (1) shall not require a participating Indian tribe to report on the expenditure of funds (expressed by fund source or single agency code) transferred to the Indian tribe under an approved plan under this Act.’’. 
SEC. 12. NO REDUCTION IN AMOUNTS. 
Section 12 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3411) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 12. NO REDUCTION IN AMOUNTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In no case shall the amount of Federal funds available to an In-dian tribe that has in place an approved plan under this Act be reduced as a result of— ‘‘(1) the enactment of this Act; or ‘‘(2) the approval or implementation of a plan of an Indian tribe under this Act. ‘‘(b) I
NTERACTION WITHOTHER LAWS.—The inclusion of a program in a tribal plan under this Act shall not— ‘‘(1) modify, limit, or otherwise affect the eligibility of the program for contracting under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.); or ‘‘(2) eliminate the applicability of any pro-vision of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.), as the provision relates to a specific program eligible for contracting under that Act.’’. 
SEC. 13. TRANSFER OF FUNDS. 
Section 13 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3412) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 13. TRANSFER OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, not later than 30 days after the date of apportionment to the appli-cable Federal department or agency, the head of a Federal agency overseeing a pro-gram identified in a plan approved under this Act shall transfer to the Director of the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs for distribution to an Indian tribe any funds identified in the ap-proved plan of the Indian tribe. ‘‘(b) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, at the request of the Indian tribe, all program funds transferred to an Indian tribe in accordance with the approved plan of the Indian tribe shall be transferred to the Indian tribe pur-suant to an existing contract, compact, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.093 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5190 July 14, 2016 
funding agreement awarded pursuant to title I or IV of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.).’’. 
SEC. 14. ADMINISTRATION OF FUNDS. 
Section 14 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3413) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (d); (2) by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through sub-section (a) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 14. ADMINISTRATION OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) C
ONSOLIDATION AND REALLOCATION OF  
FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, all amounts transferred to a tribe pursuant to an approved plan may be consolidated, reallocated, and rebudgeted as specified in the approved plan to best meet the employment, training, and related needs of the local community served by the Indian tribe. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS .—The amounts used to carry out a plan approved under this Act shall be administered in such manner as the Secretary determines to be appropriate to ensure the amounts are spent on activities authorized under the approved plan. ‘‘(C) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section interferes with the ability of the Secretary or the lead agency to use accounting proce-dures that conform to generally accepted ac-counting principles, auditing procedures, and safeguarding of funds that conform to chap-ter 75 of title 31, United States Code (com-monly known as the ‘Single Audit Act of 1984’). ‘‘(2) S
EPARATE RECORDS AND AUDITS NOT RE -
QUIRED .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law (including regulations and circu-lars of any agency (including Office of Man-agement and Budget Circular A–133)), an In-dian tribe that has in place an approved plan under this Act shall not be required— ‘‘(A) to maintain separate records that trace any service or activity conducted under the approved plan to the program for which the funds were initially authorized or transferred; ‘‘(B) to allocate expenditures among such a program; or ‘‘(C) to audit expenditures by the original source of the program. ‘‘(b) C
ARRYOVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any funds transferred to an Indian tribe under this Act that are not obligated or expended prior to the beginning of the fiscal year after the fiscal year for which the funds were appropriated shall re-main available for obligation or expenditure without fiscal year limitation, subject to the condition that the funds shall be obligated or expended in accordance with the approved plan of the Indian tribe. ‘‘(2) N
O ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTATION .—The Indian tribe shall not be required to provide any additional justification or documenta-tion of the purposes of the approved plan as a condition of receiving or expending the funds. ‘‘(c) I
NDIRECT COSTS.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an Indian tribe shall be entitled to recover 100 percent of any indi-rect costs incurred by the Indian tribe as a result of the transfer of funds to the Indian tribe under this Act.’’; and (3) in subsection (d) (as redesignated by paragraph (1))— (A) by striking ‘‘All administrative’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—All administrative’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘regulations)’’ and all that follows through the end of the subsection and inserting the following: ‘‘regulations). ‘‘(2) TREATMENT .—The amount equal to the difference between the amount of the com-mingled funds and the actual administrative cost of the programs, as described in para-graph (1), shall be considered to be properly spent for Federal audit purposes if the amount is used to achieve the purposes of this Act. ‘‘(e) M
ATCHING FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any funds trans-ferred to an Indian tribe under this Act shall be treated as non-Federal funds for purposes of meeting matching requirements under any other Federal law. ‘‘(f) C
LAIMS .—The following provisions of law shall apply to plans approved under this Act: ‘‘(1) Section 314 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 1991 (Public Law 101–512; 104 Stat. 1959). ‘‘(2) Chapter 171 of title 28 (commonly known as the ‘Federal Tort Claims Act’) . ‘‘(g) I
NTEREST OR OTHER INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An Indian tribe shall be entitled to retain interest earned on any funds transferred to the tribe under an ap-proved plan and such interest shall not di-minish the amount of funds the Indian tribe is authorized to receive under the plan in the year the interest is earned or in any subse-quent fiscal year. ‘‘(2) P
RUDENT INVESTMENT .—Funds trans-ferred under a plan shall be managed in ac-cordance with the prudent investment stand-ard.’’. 
SEC. 15. LABOR MARKET INFORMATION ON IN-DIAN WORK FORCE. 
Section 17(a) of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3416(a)) is amended in the first sen-tence— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘manner,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The Secretary of Labor, in consultation with the Secretary, Indian tribes, and the Director of the Bureau of the Census, shall’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘, by gender,’’. 
SEC. 16. REPEALS; CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) R EPEALS .—Sections 15 and 16 of the In-dian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3414, 3415) are repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Sections 17 and 18 of the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3416, 3417) (as amended by this Act) are redes-ignated as sections 15 and 16, respectively. 
SEC. 17. EFFECT OF ACT. 
Nothing in this Act or any amendment made by this Act— (1) affects any plan approved under the In-dian Employment, Training and Related Services Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3401 et seq.) (as so redesignated) before the date of enact-ment of this Act; (2) requires any Indian tribe or tribal orga-nization to resubmit a plan described in paragraph (1); or (3) modifies the effective period of any plan described in paragraph (1). 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. AMENDING THE GRAND RONDE RESERVATION ACT TO MAKE TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 403, S. 818. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 818) to amend the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to make technical correc-tions, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. ADDITIONAL LAND FOR GRAND RONDE RESERVATION. 
Section 1 of Public Law 100–425 (commonly known as the ‘‘Grand Ronde Reservation Act’’) (25 U.S.C. 713f note; 102 Stat. 1594; 104 Stat. 207; 108 Stat. 708; 108 Stat. 4566; 112 Stat. 1896), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘Subject to valid existing rights, including (but not limited to) all’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to valid existing rights, including all’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘(referred to in this Act as the ‘Tribes’)’’ before the period at the end; (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Such land’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—The land referred to in paragraph (1)’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL TRUST ACQUISITIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may accept title in and to any additional real property lo-cated within the boundaries of the original 1857 reservation of the Tribes (as established by the Executive order dated June 30, 1857, and com-prised of land within the political boundaries of Polk and Yamhill Counties, Oregon), if that real property is conveyed or otherwise transferred to the United States by, or on behalf of, the Tribes. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF TRUST LAND .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An application to take land into trust within the boundaries of the original 1857 reservation of the Tribes shall be treated by the Secretary as an on-reservation trust acquisi-tion. ‘‘(ii) G
AMING .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-clause (II), real property taken into trust pursu-ant to this paragraph shall not be eligible, or used, for any class II gaming or class III gaming (as those terms are defined in section 4 of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2703)). ‘‘(II) E
XCEPTION .—Subclause (I) shall not apply to any real property located within 2 miles of the gaming facility in existence on the date of enactment of this paragraph located on State Highway 18 in the Grand Ronde commu-nity, Oregon. ‘‘(C) R
ESERVATION .—All real property taken into trust within the boundaries described in subparagraph (A) at any time after September 9, 1988, shall be considered to be a part of the res-ervation of the Tribes.’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding the table, by strik-ing ‘‘in subsection (a) are approximately 10,311.60’’ and inserting ‘‘in subsection (a)(1) are the approximately 11,349.92’’; and (B) by striking the table and inserting the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.093 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5191 July 14, 2016 
‘‘South West Section Subdivision Acres 4 8 36 SE
1⁄4SE1⁄4 40 4 7 31 Lots 1,2, NE
1⁄4, E1⁄2NW1⁄4 320.89 5 7 6 All 634.02 5 7 7 All 638.99 5 7 18 Lots 1 & 2, NE
1⁄4, E1⁄2NW1⁄4 320.07 5 8 1 SE
1⁄4 160 5 8 3 All 635.60 5 8 7 All 661.75 5 8 8 All 640 5 8 9 All 640 5 8 10 All 640 5 8 11 All 640 5 8 12 All 640 5 8 13 All 640 5 8 14 All 640 5 8 15 All 640 5 8 16 All 640 5 8 17 All 640 6 8 1 SW
1⁄4SW1⁄4, W1⁄2SE1⁄4SW1⁄4 53.78 6 8 1 S
1⁄2E1⁄2SE1⁄4SW1⁄4 10.03 6 7 7, 8, 17, 18 Former tax lot 800, located within the SE
1⁄4SE1⁄4of sec. 7; SW1⁄4SW1⁄4of sec. 8; NW1⁄4 NW
1⁄4of sec. 17; and NE1⁄4NE1⁄4of sec. 18 5.554 7 30 Lots 3,4, SW
1⁄4NE1⁄4, SE1⁄4NW1⁄4, E1⁄2SW1⁄4 241.06 6 8 1 N
1⁄2SW1⁄4 29.59 6 8 12 W
1⁄2SW1⁄4NE1⁄4, SE1⁄4SW1⁄4NE1⁄4NW1⁄4, N1⁄2SE1⁄4NW1⁄4, N1⁄2SW1⁄4SW1⁄4SE1⁄4 21.70 6 8 13 W
1⁄2E1⁄2NW1⁄4NW1⁄4 5.31 6 7 7 E
1⁄2E1⁄2 57.60 6 7 8 SW
1⁄4SW1⁄4NW1⁄4, W1⁄2SW1⁄4 22.46 6 7 17 NW
1⁄4NW1⁄4, N1⁄2SW1⁄4NW1⁄4 10.84 6 7 18 E
1⁄2NE1⁄4 43.42 6 8 1 W
1⁄2SE1⁄4SE1⁄4 20.6 6 8 1 N
1⁄2SW1⁄4SE1⁄4 19.99 6 8 1 SE
1⁄4NE1⁄4 9.99 6 8 1 NE
1⁄4SW1⁄4 10.46 6 8 1 NE
1⁄4SW1⁄4, NW1⁄4SW1⁄4 12.99 6 7 6 SW
1⁄4NW1⁄4 37.39 6 7 5 SE
1⁄4SW1⁄4 24.87 6 7 5, 8 SW
1⁄4SE1⁄4of sec. 5; and NE1⁄4NE1⁄4, NW1⁄4NE1⁄4, NE1⁄4NW1⁄4of sec. 8 109.9 6 8 1 NW
1⁄4SE1⁄4 31.32 6 8 1 NE
1⁄4SW1⁄4 8.89 6 8 1 SW
1⁄4NE1⁄4, NW1⁄4NE1⁄4 78.4 6 7 8, 17 SW
1⁄4SW1⁄4of sec. 8; and NE1⁄4NW1⁄4, NW1⁄4NW1⁄4of sec. 17 14.33 6 7 17 NW
1⁄4NW1⁄4 6.68 6 8 12 SW
1⁄4NE1⁄4 8.19 6 8 1 SE
1⁄4SW1⁄4 2.0 6 8 1 SW
1⁄4SW1⁄4 5.05 6 8 12 SE
1⁄4, SW1⁄4 54.64 6 7 17, 18 SW
1⁄4, NW1⁄4of sec. 17; and SE1⁄4, NE1⁄4of sec. 18 136.83 6 8 1 SW
1⁄4SE1⁄4 20.08 6 7 5 NE
1⁄4SE1⁄4, SE1⁄4SE1⁄4, E1⁄2SE1⁄4SW1⁄4 97.38 4 7 31 SE
1⁄4 159.60 6 7 17 NW
1⁄4NW1⁄4 3.14 6 8 12 NW
1⁄4SE1⁄4 1.10 6 7 8 SW
1⁄4SW1⁄4 0.92 6 8 12 NE
1⁄4NW1⁄4 1.99 6 7, 8 7, 12 NW
1⁄4NW1⁄4of sec. 7; and S1⁄2NE1⁄4E1⁄2NE1⁄4NE1⁄4of sec. 12 86.48 6 8 12 NE
1⁄4NW1⁄4 1.56 6 7,8 6,1 W
1⁄2SW1⁄4SW1⁄4of sec. 6; and E1⁄2SE1⁄4SE1⁄4of sec. 1 35.82 6 7 5 E
1⁄2NW1⁄4SE1⁄4 19.88 6 8 12 NW
1⁄4NE1⁄4 0.29 6 8 1 SE
1⁄4SW1⁄4 2.5 6 7 8 NE
1⁄4NW1⁄4 7.16 6 8 1 SE
1⁄4SW1⁄4 5.5 6 8 1 SE
1⁄4NW1⁄4 1.34 Total 11,349.92.’’. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 818), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. PROVIDING FOR THE ADDITION OF CERTAIN REAL PROPERTY TO THE RESERVATION OF THE SILETZ TRIBE IN THE STATE OF OREGON Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 380, S. 817. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 817) to provide for the addition of certain real property to the reservation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 817) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 817 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.099 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5192 July 14, 2016 
SECTION 1. PURPOSE; CLARIFICATION. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this Act is to facilitate fee-to-trust applications for the Siletz Tribe within the geographic area spec-ified in the amendment made by this Act. (b) C
LARIFICATION .—Except as specifically provided otherwise by this Act or the amend-ment made by this Act, nothing in this Act or the amendment made by this Act, shall prioritize for any purpose the claims of any federally recognized Indian tribe over the claims of any other federally recognized In-dian tribe. 
SEC. 2. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PROPERTY OF THE SILETZ TRIBE OF THE STATE OF OREGON. 
Section 7 of the Siletz Tribe Indian Res-toration Act (25 U.S.C. 711e) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN PROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) T
ITLE.—The Secretary may accept title to any additional number of acres of real property located within the boundaries of the original 1855 Siletz Coast Reservation established by Executive order dated Novem-ber 9, 1855, comprised of land within the po-litical boundaries of Benton, Douglas, Lane, Lincoln, Tillamook, and Yamhill Counties in the State of Oregon, if that real property is conveyed or otherwise transferred to the United States by or on behalf of the tribe. ‘‘(B) T
RUST .—Land to which title is accept-ed by the Secretary under this paragraph shall be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the tribe. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT AS PART OF RESERVATION .— All real property that is taken into trust under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) be considered and evaluated as an on- reservation acquisition under part 151.10 of title 25, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations); and ‘‘(B) become part of the reservation of the tribe. ‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION ON GAMING .—Any real property taken into trust under paragraph (1) shall not be eligible, or used, for any gam-ing activity carried out under the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.).’’. f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF SEPTEMBER 2016 AS NATIONAL OVARIAN CAN-CER AWARENESS MONTH Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 521. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 521) expressing sup-port for the designation of September 2016 as National Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 521) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the RECORD of July 7, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE FARM CREDIT SYSTEM ON THE CELE-BRATION OF ITS 100TH ANNIVER-SARY Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 349. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 349) congratulating the Farm Credit System on the celebration of its 100th anniversary. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 349) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of January 28, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
DANIEL J. EVANS OLYMPIC NATIONAL PARK WILDERNESS ACT Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 571, S. 3028. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3028) to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilder-ness. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 3028) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 3028 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Daniel J. Evans Olympic National Park Wilderness Act’’. SEC. 2. REDESIGNATION AS DANIEL J. EVANS WILDERNESS. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—Section 101(a) of the Washington Park Wilderness Act of 1988 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note; 102 Stat. 3961) is amended, in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Olympic Wilderness’’ and inserting ‘‘Daniel J. Evans Wilderness’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Olympic Wilderness shall be deemed to be a reference to the Daniel J. Evans Wilderness. f 
MEASURES DISCHARGED Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2607, H.R. 3931, H.R. 3953, H.R. 4010, H.R. 4425, H.R. 4747, H.R. 4761, H.R. 4777, H.R. 4877, H.R. 4925, H.R. 4975, H.R. 4987, H.R. 5028, and the Senate proceed to their immediate consideration, en bloc. PRESIDING OFFICER. Without ob-jection, it is so ordered. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bills en bloc. Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous consent that the bills be read a third time and passed and the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
JEANNE AND JULES MANFORD POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 2607) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
CHIEF PETTY OFFICER ADAM BROWN UNITED STATES POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 3931) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 620 Central Avenue Suite 1A in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Of-fice,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
PRIVATE FIRST CLASS FELTON ROGER FUSSELL MEMORIAL POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 3953) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4122 Madison Street, Elfers, Florida, as the ‘‘Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ED PASTOR POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 4010) to designate the facility of the United States Postal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.094 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5193 July 14, 2016 
Service located at 522 North Central Avenue in Phoenix, Arizona, as the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
EUGENE J. M CCARTHY POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 4425) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
MAJOR GREGORY E. BARNEY POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 4747) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6691 Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, as the ‘‘Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Build-ing,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
LOUIS VAN IERSEL POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 4761) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Sierra Madre, California, as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
AMELIA BOYNTON ROBINSON POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 4777) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1301 Alabama Ave-nue in Selma, Alabama as the ‘‘Amelia Boynton Robinson Post Office Build-ing,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
LCPL GARRETT W. GAMBLE, USMC POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 4877) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the ‘‘LCpl Garrett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
MICHAEL GARVER OXLEY MEMO-RIAL POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 4925) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 229 West Main Cross Street, in Findlay, Ohio, as the ‘‘Mi-chael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Of-fice Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
PETTY OFFICER 1ST CLASS CALEB A. NELSON POST OFFICE BUILD-ING The bill (H.R. 4975) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5720 South 142nd Street in Omaha, Nebraska, as the ‘‘Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nel-son Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. f 
SERGEANT FIRST CLASS WILLIAM ‘‘KELLY’’ LACEY POST OFFICE The bill (H.R. 4987) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William ‘Kelly’ Lacey Post Office,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
MARY E. M CCOY POST OFFICE BUILDING The bill (H.R. 5028) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10721 E Jefferson Ave in Detroit, Michigan, as the ‘‘Mary E. McCoy Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 538, S. Res. 539, S. Res. 540, S. Res. 541, S. Res. 542, S. Res. 543, S. Res. 544, S. Res. 545, S. Res. 546, S. Res. 547, and S. Res. 548. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. 
S. RES. 541 
Ms. HIRONO. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I rise today to introduce a resolution to commemorate Hawaii Volcanoes Na-tional Park and Haleakala National Park on their 100th anniversary. On August 1, 1916, 3 weeks prior to the founding of the National Park Service, Congress established Hawaii National Park, comprised of two sec-tions located on the island of Maui and the island of Hawaii. The two sections of the park were subsequently sepa-rated and redesignated as Haleakala National Park and Hawaii Volcanoes National Park. The two parks were set aside in per-petuity for the benefit and enjoyment of the people of Hawaii and the people of the United States. In the last 100 years, they have served their purpose well. Last year, over 1.2 million people visited Haleakala National Park, while over 1.8 million people visited Hawaii Volcanoes National Park. The parks have also proven to be an economic boon to the State of Hawaii. In 2015, visitors to Haleakala National Park spent over $76 million in sur-rounding communities, supporting nearly 1,000 jobs. Visitors to Hawaii Volcanoes Na-tional Park spent over $151 million in areas around the park and supported nearly 2,000 local jobs. However, the importance of Haleakala National Park and Hawaii Volcanoes National Park to the people of the State of Ha-waii, to the Nation, and globally is much more than economic benefit. The parks serve as invaluable scientific and cultural assets and have been instru-mental in preserving some of the most ecologically diverse ecosystems in the world. For example, Hawaii Volcanoes Na-tional Park is home to two of the world’s most active volcanoes, pro-viding visitors the ability to gain a greater understanding of volcanic and geologic processes. Hawaii’s isolation and the substantial number of plant and animal species that are native to Hawaii and found nowhere else in the world have contributed greatly to our understanding of evolutionary biology. The scientific significance of both Hawaii Volcanoes National Park and Haleakala National Park was high-lighted when the United Nations Edu-cational, Scientific and Cultural Orga-nization designated both parks as bio-sphere reserves in 1980. Hawaii Volcanoes and Haleakala also provide access to substantial cultural and historic resources. Hawaii Volca-noes National Park is home to a num-ber of precontact archaeological sites, including Puu Loa, which contains over 23,000 petroglyphs. However, Hawaii’s national parks are not places where culture is discussed in the past tense. Even today, Native Ha-waiians come to these parks to renew ties to ancestors, conduct cultural gatherings and rituals, and pass tradi-tions down to the next generation. Both parks also serve as a refuge for hundreds of native plants and animals, many of which are endangered and threatened. Indeed, Haleakala National Park is home to more endangered spe-cies than any other site in the National Park System, including the Hawaiian Silversword, and dozens of endangered Native Hawaiian birds. For the last century, residents of Ha-waii, the United States, and the world have visited Haleakala National Park and Hawaii Volcanoes National Park and gained a greater appreciation for the natural environment, the history of Hawaii, and Native Hawaiian cul-ture. As we celebrate the 100th anniver-sary of the establishment of these parks, I hope my colleagues will join me in recognizing August 1, 2016, as ‘‘Hawaii Volcanoes and Haleakala Na-tional Parks Day’’ and encourage as many people as possible from across the Nation to come to Hawaii to visit these national treasures. 
S. RES. 542 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, as a member of the Congressional Trade-mark Caucus, I have made it a goal to increase awareness and spark a dia-logue about the importance of trade-marks. Because this year constitutes the 70th anniversary of the Lanham Act, I would like to join my colleague, Senator C
OONS , in introducing a resolu-tion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:41 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.129 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5194 July 14, 2016 
to recognize the Lanham Act and des-ignate July as National Anti-Counter-feiting Consumer Education and Awareness Month. Seventy years ago, the Lanham Act was signed by President Harry Truman to establish remedies for brand owners suffering from trademark infringement and to protect consumers from coun-terfeit products. It is this very law that has laid the foundation for mod-ern trademark protection and led to a tremendous increase in the use of trademarks. According to the World Intellectual Property Organization, in 2012, ap-proximately 24 million trademarks were in force around the world. Fur-ther, the U.S. Department of Com-merce reports that 31 percent of all jobs in the United States are in intel-lectual property-intensive industries. Despite the legal framework cur-rently in place to protect against coun-terfeiting, trademark-related crimes are one of the fastest growing eco-nomic problems worldwide. According to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, manufac-turing, trade, and consumption of counterfeit products continues to in-crease, escalating from $250 billion in 2008 to $461 billion in 2013. Other counterfeiting trends were re-cently highlighted in a study released by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Global Intellectual Property Center, GIPC. The study found that China and Hong Kong alone represent 86 percent of the global physical counterfeiting. This translates into $396.5 billion worth of counterfeit goods each year. This level of counterfeiting activity bears serious economic and health and safety implications, both locally and inter-nationally. The GIPC also found that the value of seized counterfeit goods by customs in 38 sampled economies totals less than 2.5 percent of the global measure of physical counterfeiting. This sug-gests that although the efforts of cus-toms authorities yield results, the ex-tent of their success is still ‘‘a drop in the bucket.’’ Not only are trademark-related crimes growing rapidly, the dev-astating effects are also far-reaching. Trademark-related crimes impact not only whole industries, but economies as well. The most direct impact of counterfeiting is revenue loss. The GIPC estimates losses to be in the bil-lions for any given industry. Brand owners are actively responding to this problem. According to a GIPC report, some companies spend as much as $20 million annually in an attempt to fight counterfeiting of their prod-ucts. This is money that could have been spent on research and develop-ment, business expansion, and innova-tion. There are also indirect effects stem-ming from counterfeit products that cause economic disruption. For exam-ple, the presence of counterfeits leads to lowered incentives for innovation, spiking unemployment rates, and slow-er economic growth. This is a serious issue for the United States, considering the U.S. Department of Commerce re-ports intellectual property generates 34 percent of U.S. GDP, two-thirds of U.S. exports, and $5.8 trillion in U.S. output. Counterfeits have devastating effects on the health and safety of consumers. For example, there has been a spike in production of fakes that have an im-mense impact on everyday life—such as airbags, smoke detectors, computer chips, and prescription drugs. With increased counterfeiting of so many everyday products, the presump-tion of quality and effectiveness is be-coming less certain. Unfortunately, there is an increased possibility of last-ing and potentially fatal consequences for consumers’ health and safety. In April, the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee held a hearing entitled, ‘‘Coun-terfeits and Their Impact on Consumer Health and Safety.’’ This hearing spe-cifically explored how hazardous coun-terfeit products—like medicines, elec-tronics, automotive, and military parts—can harm consumers. The hearing panel warned that con-sumers unknowingly purchase counter-feits. In fact, consumers often pay the same as they would for legitimate goods, but receive potentially unsafe products. For example, consumers are purchasing fake chargers that may ex-plode or medicines that may be manu-factured with dangerous or contami-nated substances. These types of coun-terfeits can result in severe injuries, including death. The hearing panel also discussed the exploitation by counterfeits of e-com-merce platforms with a business direct to consumer business model. Cyber commerce, for-profit streaming, and ever-changing technologies have con-tinued to present new challenges in combating counterfeiting activity. They also discussed the changing tac-tics of counterfeiters, including small package delivery through the mail, which make it difficult for law enforce-ment to go after these criminals. Counterfeit products have been found to have ties to terrorism, trafficking, and organized crime groups around the world. According to the GIPC report, Interpol and FBI seizure records sug-gest that proceeds from counterfeit brake pads and cigarettes have been earmarked for terrorist groups like Hezbollah and al-Qaeda. As the scope of counterfeit products increases, so does the ability of criminal and hostile or-ganizations to fund their illicit and harmful operations. Increased education and awareness efforts are critical to helping to put a stop to ar counterfeit activity. That is why we are honoring the Lanham Act and designating July as National Anti- Counterfeiting Consumer Education and Awareness Month. Educating mem-bers of Congress, the media, and the public about the dangers of counter-feits and the vital role trademarks play will help protect consumers from con-fusion and deception in the market-place. In addition, Congress, Federal agencies and law enforcement, the business community, and consumer groups must all work together so we can keep consumers safe. As chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, as well as in my capacity as a cochair of the Congressional Trademark Caucus, I will continue to work aggressively to facilitate dia-logue, inform consumers, and collabo-rate with government agencies on trademark-related issues. And I am pleased to work my colleague Senator C
OONS on this resolution. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, with Sen-ator C
HUCK GRASSLEY , I am proud to cosponsor a resolution designating July 2016 as the ‘‘National Anti-Coun-terfeiting Consumer Education and Awareness’’ Month in celebration of the 70th anniversary of the Lanham Act, which provided the foundation for our modern Federal trademark reg-istration system. Not only are trade-marks a source of significant value for companies, but they also play an im-portant role in communicating the au-thenticity and integrity of products and services to customers, thereby pro-moting consumer safety. For example, counterfeit batteries, sometimes fea-turing fake trademarks, have been linked to increased risks of sponta-neous fires—a clear safety hazard if that battery is in a consumer product such as a children’s toy. According to the U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion Agency, seizures related to coun-terfeit intellectual property increased almost 25 percent between 2014 and 2015. While the government must con-tinue its interception of fake goods at our borders, these numbers and the ap-parent rise of this problem also call for greater consumer awareness of the risks of buying counterfeit products. By designating this month the ‘‘Na-tional Anti-Counterfeiting Consumer Education and Awareness’’ Month, I hope to foster such an awareness and the role that intellectual property— here, the trademark system—plays in helping to protect consumers. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
PROVIDING FOR AN ADJOURN-MENT OF THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Con. Res. 50. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:57 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.089 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5195 July 14, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 50) providing for an adjournment of the House of Representatives. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 50) was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURE INDEFINITELY POSTPONED—H.R. 1462 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that H.R. 1462, which was previously received from the House, be indefinitely postponed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS AUTHORITY Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the President of the Sen-ate, the President pro tempore, and the majority and minority leaders be au-thorized to make appointments to com-missions, committees, boards, con-ferences, or interparliamentary con-ferences authorized by law, by concur-rent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REPORTING AUTHORITY Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the Senate’s adjournment, committees be authorized to report legislative and executive matters on Tuesday, August 30, from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, JULY 15, 2016, THROUGH TUESDAY, SEP-TEMBER 6, 2016 Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, July 15, 11:30 a.m.; Tuesday, July 19, 1 p.m.; Friday, July 22, 1 p.m.; Tuesday, July 26, 10 a.m.; Friday, July 29, 10 a.m.; Tuesday, August 2, 10 a.m.; Fri-day, August 5, 7:45 a.m.; Tuesday, Au-gust 9, 12:55 p.m.; Friday, August 12, 8 a.m.; Tuesday, August 16, 9 a.m.; Fri-day, August 19, 3 p.m.; Tuesday, August 23, 4 p.m.; Friday, August 26, 10 a.m.; Tuesday, August 30, 9 a.m.; and Friday, September 2, 10 a.m. I further ask that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, September 2, it next convene at 3 p.m., Tuesday, September 6; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be re-served for their use later in the day. I ask that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 2577; finally, that the pending cloture motions filed during today’s session ripen at 5:30 p.m., Tuesday, September 6. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 11:30 A.M. TOMORROW Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 9:05 p.m., adjourned until Friday, July 15, 2016, at 11:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
STATE JUSTICE INSTITUTE  
DAVID V. BREWER, OF OREGON, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE STATE JUSTICE IN-STITUTE FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 17, 2019. (RE-APPOINTMENT) 
TENNESSEE VALLEY AUTHORITY  
C. PETER MAHURIN, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE TENNESSEE VAL-LEY AUTHORITY FOR A TERM EXPIRING MAY 18, 2021. (RE-APPOINTMENT) MICHAEL MCWHERTER, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE TENNESSEE VALLEY AUTHORITY FOR A TERM EXPIRING MAY 18, 2021. (REAPPOINTMENT) JOE H. RITCH, OF ALABAMA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE TENNESSEE VALLEY AU-THORITY FOR A TERM EXPIRING MAY 18, 2021. (RE-APPOINTMENT) 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
CHATTIE N. LEVY MICHELLE L. PLETCHER LISA G. WILSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ARTHUR J. BILENKER BRUCE M. CARPENTER AUBREY J. HENSHAW III JOHN H. MCLEMORE RICHARD L. OWENS INEZ E. WRIGHT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JOHN J. BRADY MICHAEL A. CAMPBELL SCOTT A. CARLTON RICHARD F. CHADEK ROBERT D. DOUGLAS JOSEPH A. J. FARQUHAR IAN L. FAWKS GARY M. JONSON MICHAEL F. LORICH LESLIE K. MCKENZIE CHARLES R. RADMER ROBERT E. ROSS, JR. KEVIN R. SCOTT ELIZABETH A. WERNS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be colonel 
RICHARD J. BUTALLA MICHAEL E. COLLINS KRISTIAN L. DUGGER MARLEEN M. LAJOIE DANE E. RODGERS ARTHUR A. RUSSELL ROBERT J. STUART JAMES L. VANVOOREN JEFFREY T. WILLIAMS WILLIAM D. YATES MARK B. YOUNG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
CHRISTOPHER B. AASGAARD GREGORY N. GEISSINGER JOHN J. KNIGHT, JR. JEROME M. MOLSTAD DARIN J. MONGEON MICHAEL E. MYSLENSKI THOMAS E. PAGENKOPF GUSTAV T. RIEMER WILLIAM A. SOCRATES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
PAUL V. RAHM THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MICHAEL A. DEAN ROBERT L. GROFF MICHAEL G. KAUFFMAN DANIEL B. NEFF MARK O. WORLEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JONNIE L. BAILEY ROGER R. BOUTIN III BARBARA J. BRADBURN LEEANN M. CAPACE MICHAEL D. CRUM ANGEL L. CRUZMALAVE CHARLES A. DARLING TIMOTHY W. DAYTON JAMES L. GLASS BARBARA J. GREEN KIETH A. HAND VICKI H. HATHORN ELIZABETH R. HOUGLANADKINS LATRENCIA T. JOHNSON LAURA LANEWILLIAMS CHARLES T. LENT CHRISTINA M. LYERLA DEBORAH A. MAHARGARCIA TERESA MALEY JUNE B. MCGHEE MARY G. MUELLER TAMMIE E. OEMKE HEIDI L. OTIS MARK H. PARSONS DAVID M. PLUMMER RITA M. F. POCE BRIAN D. POYNOR LEWIS T. ROGERS MARK W. SCHIERENBECK MARK E. SCOTT VANESSA L. SPIVEYBURKE JOYCE A. TORIANO BARBARA F. WALL SUZANNE M. WILSON INEZ B. WITHERS ILONA L. WRIGHT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
GORDON B. CHIU WING DJAYA COLLEEN S. JENSON MARC R. JOHNSON MATTHEW C. KHUN KATHERINE H. MARTIN ANHSTEVE H. NGUYEN JACQUELINE I. OJIMBA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.130 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5196 July 14, 2016 
SCOTT B. SALANCY RENE E. SCOTT PAUL A. VIATOR THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
SCOTT B. ARMEN REONO BERTAGNOLLI WILLIAMS Q. BRITTON WARD M. BROWN JAMES M. BRUMIT GARY E. CAPLAN JOHN Y. CHA HOWARD L. CURLIN JAMES J. DIMAIO BILL M. DUDA RAYMOND T. FOSTER BRETT A. FREEDMAN MATTHEW B. GOODWIN JAMES I. HARDING RICHARD J. HARRISON JILL C. HASLING CHRISTOPHER H. HOYT RAMAIAH INDUDHARA JOSEPH P. JOHNSON GORDON J. KINZLER JOHN T. KOLISNYK BRIAN A. KRAKOVER MICHAEL T. LAKE JORGE I. LOPEZ RICHARD M. LUCCHESI DAVID E. MARCOZZI BRETT D. MCGEEVER VINCENT L. MOSS ELAINE M. MUNITZ TAM Q. NGUYEN LISA J. OLSEN RAUL G. PALACIOS FRANCISCO J. PEREZRIVERA NANCY Q. PETERSMEYER VALENS M. PLUMMER ERIC A. RUEBKE SUSAN SAVELL ALFRED J. SCHLORKE MATTHEW R. SMOLIN CHRISTOFER A. STRODE ANTHONY SULLIVAN SENEN TORRESVAZQUEZ KIEN C. N. TRAN ROBERT D. WALKUP LANCE W. WEAGANT MICHAEL B. YAFFE JON S. YAMAGUCHI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
THAD J. COLLARD JOHN A. FELTHOUS KEITH A. JONES JACQUELINE R. KROGULSKI RUSSELL P. REITER JANETTE RIVERALOPEZ JOHN C. ROCKWELL ELLEN M. SHANNONBALL JACINTA H. SHOWERS CARLOS TAMEZ BRAD R. WENSTRUP DANIEL R. WILBORN MICHAEL L. YOST THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ANN M. B. HALL DAVID W. ROSE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
GARRY E. ONEAL CRISTOPHER A. YOUNG 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate July 14, 2016: DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
JULIUS LLOYD HORWICH, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY FOR LEGISLATION AND CONGRES-SIONAL AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION. 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
THOMAS F. SCOTT DARLING, III, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE FEDERAL MOTOR CAR-RIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION. BLAIR ANDERSON, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF TRANSPORTATION FOR POLICY. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
ANNE HALL, OF MAINE, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF LITHUANIA. LAWRENCE ROBERT SILVERMAN, OF MASSACHUSETTS, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE STATE OF KUWAIT. CAROL Z. PEREZ, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF CHILE. GEOFFREY R. PYATT, OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO GREECE. DOUGLAS ALAN SILLIMAN, OF TEXAS, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF IRAQ. MARIE L. YOVANOVITCH, OF CONNECTICUT, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO UKRAINE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.010 S14JYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1115 July 14, 2016 
FARM CREDIT SYSTEM: 100 YEARS OF SUPPORT FOR RURAL COM-MUNITIES 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Farm Credit System which this year is celebrating 100 years of service to our rural communities and agribusinesses of all types and sizes. Across our country, and in my own District, the Farm Credit System pro-vides the needed capital to help agricultural producers grow and thrive. The Farm Credit System actively supports 500,000 borrower-customers, including 24,000 in Minnesota. The system also provides much needed support to the next generation of agri-cultural producers, as well as financial support for agriculture education, scholarships and or-ganizations like 4–H and FFA. In my district, Farm Credit has partnered with USDA and banks on investments in projects that help fulfill the critical need for high quality healthcare. These partnerships fund projects that are vital to my constituents and all that utilize their services. I ask my colleagues in Congress to join me in recognizing this important milestone for the Farm Credit System and its continued con-tributions to our rural communities and agri-culture. 
f 
EMPOWERING STUDENTS THROUGH ENHANCED FINANCIAL COUNSELING ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 11, 2016 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 3179, the Empowering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act. I appreciate the opportunity to work with Con-gressman G
UTHRIE on this important legisla-tion, and I commend Chairman K
LINE and Ranking Member S
COTT for their leadership, without which this bill would not be on the path to becoming law. The Empowering Students Through En-hanced Financial Counseling Act will provide college students with clearer information about their rights and obligations as student loan borrowers. The current process of borrowing student loans and preparing for repayment can be confusing. In fact, I have heard from many borrowers who did not understand the terms of their loans or the tools and programs available to help them manage their debt. The lack of information on the benefits and con-sequences of taking on student debt is espe-cially troubling during a time when more stu-dents are turning to loans to cover the costs of higher education—and they are borrowing larger amounts, on average. This legislation will put in place several commonsense requirements to help student loan borrowers make informed decisions about borrowing and plan for the future. The bill will require annual loan counseling. Each year stu-dents can track how much they have bor-rowed, how much they are projected to bor-row, how much interest has accrued and will continue to accrue, and what they are likely to be asked to pay each month upon entering re-payment. In addition to regularly monitoring their debt, students will be reminded that they can pay off interest, if they are able to, before it capitalizes, that they are not obligated to borrow the full amount for which they are eligi-ble, and that Federal student loans tend to provide more benefits and safeguards than private education loans. The Empowering Students Through En-hanced Financial Counseling Act provides comprehensive information to Pell Grant re-cipients so that they understand the terms of the grants and the circumstances in which they may have to repay the grants. The bill also provides improved information to parents who borrow PLUS Loans to cover the costs of a child’s education. By providing more fre-quent information to loan borrowers and ex-tending counseling to parents and Pell Grant recipients, this bill will help more people take steps to reduce borrowing and prepare to repay their student loans successfully. Furthermore, this legislation requires a lon-gitudinal study of the effects of loan coun-seling. The study will examine whether better counseling contributes to a reduction in bor-rowing, a decrease in delinquencies and de-faults, and an increase in program completion. Importantly, the effects of loan counseling will be disaggregated by race, gender, and in-come—allowing policymakers to determine whether enhanced counseling is benefiting all loan borrowers. Once again, I would like to thank Congress-man GUTHRIE , Chairman K LINE, and Ranking Member S
COTT for their partnership on this legislation and their commitment to making college more affordable and accessible. Con-gress has a lot of work to do, but the Empow-ering Students Through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act is an important step that will help more students navigate the student loan market and build successful futures. 
f 
HONORING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE FOUNDING OF THE BOEING COMPANY 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 100th anniversary of the founding of The Boeing Company. The history of the company is a true American success story. Founded in Seattle, Washington, by William E. Boeing, assembly of the first Boeing airplane was completed in a hanger located on the northeast shore of Lake Union. Since its founding, Boeing has been instru-mental in building the economy in the Puget Sound region. The Boeing of today, with more than 165,000 employees worldwide, has evolved into a global leader in the aviation in-dustry. Despite Boeing’s global footprint, the company’s commitment to more than 200 community partners and non-profits in the Puget Sound region is unparalleled. I com-mend Boeing for years of support and con-tributions to projects focusing on STEM edu-cation, foster care, land conservation and food distribution, all of which have paid tremendous dividends toward improving the overall health of communities across Washington State. Boeing’s focus and commitment to environ-mental leadership, ethics and compliance, working conditions and human rights, em-ployee safety, diversity and inclusion, edu-cation, military and veteran engagement and community engagement has contributed to an impressive and rewarding first 100 years. I wish the company an equally successful sec-ond century. Lastly, I give thanks to the past and present employees of Boeing whose hard work, talent and determination have allowed the company to follow the sage advice of William Boeing to ‘‘build something better.’’ f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN R. FRITZ 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of John R. Fritz, 48, who passed away on June 27, 2016. John was born on March 20, 1968 in Youngstown, Ohio, the son of Richard and Diane (Griffith) Fritz. John graduated from the Austintown Fitch School, where he was consistently involved in the school’s instrumental music program, in 1986. He went on to join the Austintown Fire Department for 26 years. He worked as a MCCTC fire instructor for many years and helped found the Austintown Honor Guard. John was also employed by the Western Re-serve Mechanical in Niles for almost 20 years. Throughout his life, John prioritized spend-ing time with his family and serving others. He enjoyed archery, shooting, and scuba diving. He held a black belt in karate, collected un-usual knives, enjoyed line dancing, appre-ciated motorcycles, and was a talented tin-kerer. Passionate about raising money to fight Spina Bifida, John twice walked 60 miles from Austintown Fire Station No. 1 to Cleveland Clinic to help raise $5,700 in donations. He was a founding member of the Mahoning Val-ley Fools (Fraternal Order of Leatherhead). John will be deeply missed by his family. He leaves behind his wife, Karen (Bickle) Fritz, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JY8.001 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1116 July 14, 2016 
whom he married on September 11, 1999, and his children, Ryley, Bailey, Halley, Kassidey and Owen. He leaves also his par-ents, Richard and Diane; his sister, Jill (Ken-neth) Ferrone; father-in-law, Gordon Bickle; brothers-in-law, Greg and Kevin Bickle; niece, Madison; nephew, Miles Ferrone; and his fam-ily of firefighters. He also leaves his dogs, Toby, LuLu, Sophie Mae, and Kooper. Charitable even through his death, John was a Lifebanc donor. He will be sadly missed by the community to which he gave so much. 
f 
CELEBRATING SPECTROLAB’S 60TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. TONY CA´RDENAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize and celebrate the 60th Anniversary of Spectrolab, located in Sylmar. Spectrolab was founded in 1956 by Mr. Al-fred E. Mann, a noted entrepreneur, inventor, and philanthropist. Spectrolab is the world’s leading manufac-turer of solar cells and solar panels for space. Having manufactured more than 6.5 million solar cells, Spectrolab has powered more than 600 satellites and exploration vehicles. The technology and products developed by Spectrolab have been a part of our nation’s first ventures into space, including Pioneer 1 in 1958 and Explorer 6 in 1959. Its solar panels were placed on the moon during the Apollo 11 mission in 1969. In 2004, Spectrolab received NASA’s George M. Low Award for Supplier Quality and Excellence and had multi-junction cells in-ducted into the Space Technology Hall of Fame by the United States Space Foundation. Spectrolab’s solar cells power the Inter-national Space Station, the largest spacecraft in orbit. They recently set a new record with its advanced solar cells, powering Juno, NASA’s interplanetary probe, on a mission to Jupiter. With more than 80 percent of all law en-forcement aircraft and helicopters in the United States using Spectrolab’s Nightsun searchlights, this Sylmar Company has also made a difference in cities across the country. Spectrolab’s contributions to the San Fer-nando Valley and the space industry are truly commendable. I applaud the record of unparalleled accom-plishments in space exploration, illumination, and solar cell technology and satellite devel-opment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF UNITED WAY OF LAKE AND SUMTER COUNTIES 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize the tireless service and earnest dedication of United Way of Lake and Sumter Counties as they celebrate their 50th anniversary. Since 1965, United Way of Lake and Sum-ter Counties has collaborated with community partners to empower individuals and families in Lake and Sumter Counties to achieve their maximum potential through education, income stability, and healthy lives. In 2016, United Way of Lake and Sumter Counties will invest more than $273,295 in 14 education, income and health programs in Lake and Sumter Counties. In addition, United Way of Lake and Sumter Counties community investments in-clude $345,000 to fund other programs includ-ing: 2–1–1, Family Emergency Services, the Human Care Network, and the Volunteer Tax Assistance program. I am pleased to recognize the selfless work of United Way of Lake and Sumter Counties and their altruistic aspiration to improve our communities and help our neighbors. May their example inspire many to follow in their footsteps. f 
IN HONOR OF THE HUMANITARIAN EFFORTS OF KIMSE YOK MU (KYM) 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give recognition to the non-profit organization Kimse Yok Mu (KYM). This Turkish based international organization has successfully pro-vided developmental and humanitarian aid through enlisting the help of 180,000 volun-teers worldwide in over 113 countries. I urge my colleagues to join me in celebrating the amazing achievements of this great organiza-tion. Established in 2002, KYM has been able to aid over 200,000 families within Turkey and even millions more around the world. Their ef-forts include helping bring clean water to 17 African countries through the creation of 1,622 fresh water drinking wells, providing cataract surgery to 25,577 people on the African con-tinent, as well as helping orphaned children in 56 countries. KYM has been granted United Nations ECOSOC Special Consultative Status as an international charity, as they are credited with providing different sources of aid through med-ical services, social services, disaster relief, humanitarian services, educational programs, and sustainable infrastructure development. KYM is known to quickly respond to natural disasters through its sophisticated monitoring system and efficient work ethic. The KYM has significantly changed millions of people’s lives for the better, and on behalf of the people of the United States and New Jersey we thank them immensely for their hu-manitarian efforts. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-ing Roll Call votes 453, 454, and 455 held on July 13th, 2016, I was inescapably detained handling important matters related to my Dis-trict and the State of Alabama. If I had been present, I would have voted NO on the Palmer amendment, NO on the Gosar amendment, and NO on the Perry amendment to the FY2017 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill. f 
HONORING SUSAN E. STRICKLER ON THE OCCASION OF HER RE-TIREMENT FROM THE CURRIER MUSEUM OF ART IN MAN-CHESTER, NEW HAMPSHIRE 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to express my congratulations to Susan Strickler on her retirement after 20 years with the Currier Museum of Art in Manchester, New Hampshire, and thank her for the outstanding work she did during her career. Ms. Strickler’s commitment to expanding ac-cess to great art to the residents of New Hampshire and building on the strong reputa-tion the Currier has had in New England and beyond has been outstanding. Her efforts to bring in new modern exhibits, while also high-lighting the timeless beauty of more historical and revered works has helped to broaden the appeal of the museum to new generations. She has not only helped to promote and ex-pand access to the arts in New Hampshire, but also to solidify the Currier as an important landmark in the City of Manchester, with the expansion of its grounds and buildings. It is with great admiration that I congratulate Ms. Strickler on her retirement and all that she’s accomplished in her career, and wish her the best on all future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING STATE TECHNICAL COL-LEGE OF MISSOURI PRESIDENT DR. DON CLAYCOMB ON HIS RE-TIREMENT 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Dr. Don Claycomb. He retired as President of State Technical College of Missouri on June 30, 2016. Dr. Claycomb dedicated over two dec-ades of service to the college. Dr. Claycomb is currently the longest-serving public college president in Missouri. At the beginning of his career, Dr. Claycomb was a high school agriculture teacher and FFA advisor. During those years of teaching, Dr. Claycomb was introduced to State Technical College of Missouri. During the years Dr. Claycomb has been president there have been numerous name changes for the college. When he first started working there in 1993, the name was Linn Technical Junior College; it was then changed to Linn Technical Col-lege. Then in 1996, the name was changed to Linn State Technical College. In 2013, the Missouri General Assembly passed HB 673 that would change the college’s name to State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JY8.004 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1117 July 14, 2016 
Technical College of Missouri as of July 1, 2014. Throughout the name changes for the college, Dr. Claycomb stated, ‘‘We have main-tained the main purpose of preparing students for the workforce.’’ At Dr. Claycomb’s hiring, the original board members charged him with specific goals, which he attributes to his success while presi-dent of the college. They first asked him to im-prove staff morale which Dr. Claycomb pas-sionately started working on and believes it is a continuous process. Secondly, he was tasked with developing sound financial prac-tices for the college. In the years that Dr. Claycomb has been president, there have been strong audits for the college. Their third goal was to continue the effort to define the college as a legal entity that is separate from the Linn R–2 school system. These goals helped Dr. Claycomb successfully lead the college into what it is today. In 2015, Dr. Claycomb was chosen as one of the few to receive the Missouri Pioneers in Education from the Missouri State Board of Education and the Missouri Department of El-ementary and Secondary Education. This was awarded to him in acknowledgement of over fifty years of an outstanding career and con-tributions to public education. At the 2016 commencement at State Technical College of Missouri, Dr. Claycomb received an honorary degree from the college. Also at commence-ment, it was announced that the Information Technology Center would be renamed the Dr. Donald M. Claycomb Information Technology Center. Dr. Claycomb’s wife Linda’s statement explains why these awards were given, ‘‘This wasn’t a job for Don Claycomb, Don lives and breathes this place. It’s in his blood.’’ Dr. Claycomb will get to spend more time with his family now that he is retired. He will celebrate his 27th wedding anniversary this summer with his wife, Linda. She holds a doc-torate and teaches nursing education at Co-lumbia College at the Columbia and Lake of the Ozarks campuses. Dr. Claycomb has ap-preciated his wife understanding his job and the time it took him away from the family. Dr. Claycomb and Linda have five children and five grandchildren. He looks forward to spend-ing more time with them. In addition to his family, Dr. Claycomb enjoys collecting antique tractors, reading books, and gardening. These hobbies will fill his days now that the new president has taken the helm of State Tech-nical College of Missouri. I ask you to join me in recognizing Dr. Claycomb on his retirement from State Tech-nical College of Missouri after twenty-three years of commitment to the college, students, and community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CAPTAIN WILLIAM C. OSTENDORFF 
HON. THOMAS J. ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the distinguished career of Captain William C. Ostendorff, who recently completed his second term as a Commis-sioner at the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission (NRC). After a varied and distin-guished career as an engineer, legal counsel, policy advisor, and naval officer, Captain Ostendorff now departs the NRC to return to teaching at the United States Naval Academy. Prior to his appointment to the Nuclear Reg-ulatory Commission, Captain Ostendorff served at the National Academies where he was the Director of the Committee on Science, Engineering, and Public Policy. He was also the Director of the Board on Global Science and Technology. He came to the National Academies after serving as Principal Deputy Administrator at the National Nuclear Security Administration from April 2007 until April 2009. From 2003–2007, Captain Ostendorff was a member of the staff of the House Armed Serv-ices Committee. There, he served as counsel and staff director for the Strategic Forces Sub-committee with oversight responsibilities for the U.S. Department of Energy’s atomic en-ergy defense activities as well as the U.S. De-partment of Defense’s space, missile defense, and intelligence programs. Captain Ostendorff was an officer in the United States Navy from 1976 until he retired in 2002 with the rank of Captain. During his naval career, he served on six submarines, in-cluding command of the USS Norfolk from 1992–1995. While in the Navy, he also served as Director of the Division of Mathematics and Science at the United States Naval Academy. He holds a bachelor’s degree in systems engi-neering from the United States Naval Acad-emy, law degrees from the University of Texas and Georgetown University, and is a member of the State Bar of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Captain Ostendorff for the duty and honor he has consistently dis-played throughout his years of outstanding service to our nation. His unparalleled experi-ence and knowledge of nuclear security and defense issues have made him an invaluable resource for our nation, and we are truly better off because of his service. I wish him all the best as he returns to the United States Naval Academy. f 
CELEBRATING THE GENERAL MILLS 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate and honor General Mills for their 150th year of hard work, leadership and community service in the food and service sector. General Mills, then named the Min-neapolis Milling Company, first began when Cadwallader Washburn opened his first flour mill in Minneapolis. John Crosby joined eleven years later and together they reorganized business practices that farmers deemed un-fair. They soon won the Gold Medal at the international Miller’s Exhibition, which inspired them to name their flour ‘‘Gold Medal’’. The company has since expanded to a highly suc-cessful multi-national food corporation that has also tried its hand in the restaurant, toy, and fashion industries. In 1928, the name changed to General Mills. The same year the company had 5,800 employees with annual sales of $123 million mostly due to their strongest products of Softasilk cake flour and Wheaties cereal. By 1928, General Mills was the largest flour mill-ing company in the world. General Mills’ diver-sification and technology allowed them to produce military equipment and dehydrated food for World War II mobilization efforts. By the 1990’s, General Mills went international, competing in European and Mexican markets. General Mills shares its wealth of food ex-pertise through philanthropic work to increase food security, advance sustainable agriculture and protect our natural resources. In 2015, its foundation donated 20 million meals. General Mills strives to ensure the world’s watersheds are restored and protected, and to increase the world’s pollinator populations. General Mills has partnered with many non-profit orga-nizations in pursuing these goals. From Betty Crocker to the Pillsbury Dough Boy, General Mills is responsible for some of our most iconic food brands. Whether it is a box of Cheerios, a can of Crescent Rolls, or a bag of Gold Medal Flour, nearly every Amer-ican household can claim to have a General Mills product. Without a doubt, General Mills will continue to innovate and develop offerings that meet our nation’s palate preferences and nutritional needs. I am proud to represent the congressional district where General Mills was started and remains today. I congratulate Gen-eral Mills and its hardworking employees for their accomplishments and lasting legacy. f 
HONORING MS. SANDY ELLES 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sandy Elles, the 2016 re-cipient of the Napa County Farm Bureau Dis-tinguished Service Award in honor of her serv-ice as the Executive Director for the past fif-teen years. A native of Burlington, New Jersey Ms. Elles earned a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from American University and a Bachelor of Arts in Urban Planning from Rutgers Univer-sity. After moving west to California, Ms. Elles built a successful career as both a business leader and public servant. Ms. Elles worked with Blue & Gold Fleet in San Francisco from 1981 until 2001, while also serving on the Cotati City Council from 1990 to 1998. During that time, she received the prestigious American Planning Association award for Distinguished Leadership from an Elected Official, and the Sonoma County Con-servation Council recognized Ms. Elles as the 1996 Environmentalist of the Year. After retiring from Blue & Gold Fleet, Ms. Elles served as Executive Director of the Napa County Farm Bureau from 2001 until June 2016, providing guidance to Napa Valley farm-ers. Under her direction, the Napa County Farm Bureau won the California Farm Bureau Federation Golden State Hall of Fame Award for the best County Farm Bureau in both 2009 and 2010. Ms. Elles has also been a leader in many other community organizations, including the Napa Chamber of Commerce and Jack L. Da-vies Napa Valley Agricultural Land Preserva-tion Fund. She was also an instrumental figure in launching ferry service to the San Francisco Giants downtown ballpark from 1998 to 2000. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Elles has led an impres-sive career in both business and public serv-ice and has dedicated her time and skills to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JY8.010 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1118 July 14, 2016 
ensuring the success of our community’s agri-culture industry. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SACRIFICE OF LORNE AHRENS 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the life and sacrifice of a selfless public servant, Sen-ior Corporal Lorne Ahrens. On July 7th, 2016, Lorne Ahrens was one of five Dallas officers fatally shot during a protest in downtown Dal-las. The shooting was a calculated and sense-less act of violence intended to tear our com-munity apart. But the resilience of Lorne Ahrens’ loved-ones will hold this community together. And they find their inspiration in the memory of the man they loved. Lorne Ahrens was a Senior Corporal in the Dallas Police Department, where he served for fourteen years. He worked for a time in the dangerous and unpredictable job of serving warrants, where a simple knock on the door could escalate into a life-threatening situation. Before moving to the Dallas area, Ahrens served in the Los Angeles Sheriff’s Depart-ment for eleven years. For part of that time, he was a law enforcement technician, inputting and dispatching calls to the station, a demanding job that required fast thinking and professional calm. Colleagues in the Los An-geles Sheriff’s Department remember Ahrens as a professional who supported his team-mates, and as a joyous personality to work with. The Los Angeles area was his home. He even played semi-professional football there. Ahrens moved to the Dallas area because he married Katrina Ahrens, a Texas girl and a fel-low police officer. They moved to Texas to-gether to start their beautiful family, which now includes a ten year old daughter and eight year old son. Lorne Ahrens was a big man. He stood at 6′5′′ and weighed 350 pounds. Yet, anyone who saw him interact with his family knew the biggest thing about him was his heart. He loved to roll on the floor with his kids, making sure they had as much fun as possible when they were with their Dad. In fact, when he was not taking them fishing or to the movies, he often went to his daughter’s school to talk about policing and safety. Mr. Speaker, we lost a truly honorable pub-lic servant, friend, and father when Lorne Ahrens’ life was taken. Today, I would like to thank him for his bravery and sacrifice, send my love to his family, and honor him in Con-gress. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 404, on July 12, 2016, I was un-avoidably detained off of the House floor. Therefore, I was unable to cast my vote on the motion to adjourn. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ f 
MAJOR GENERAL ALLEN E. BREWER 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Major General Allen E. Brewer, the retiring Assistant Adjutant General of the Mississippi Army National Guard. Through General Brewer’s role as Assistant Adjutant General, he is responsible for devel-oping and implementing all programs and poli-cies impacting the Mississippi Army National Guard, which consists of nearly 10,000 citizen soldiers. General Brewer was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant, Field Artillery, on July 16, 1979, through the Officer Candidate School, Mississippi Military Academy. He has served in command and staff positions at every level, including: Company A, 2d Battalion, 20th Spe-cial Forces Group; Battalion Commander, 2d Battalion, 20th Special Forces Group; Com-mander, 154th Regional Training Institute; Deputy Commander, 155th Armored Brigade Combat Team in Kalsu, Iraq from April 2005 to March 2006; and Commander, Special Op-erations Detachment—South, in Afghanistan from November 2011 to March 2012. I was privileged to serve with Major General Brewer during our combat tour in Iraq in 2005. As Deputy Commander of the 155th Brigade Combat Team, Colonel Brewer was a trusted and respected member of the Brigade Leader-ship Team. His calm and confident demeanor earned him the respect and admiration of leaders and soldiers in the Dixie Thunder Bri-gade. Major General Brewer has continued to use his effective leadership style to inspire and lead the soldiers of the Mississippi Army Na-tional Guard. He is a mentor and leader to a generation of soldiers in the Mississippi Army National Guard. As Major General Brewer retires from his military career, I wish him the best in his fu-ture endeavors. I am confident Major General Brewer will continue to be a leader in the fu-ture. I am privileged to have been able to work with Major General Brewer and call him a friend and mentor. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO REV. DR. HARRY L. SEAWRIGHT 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the election of Reverend Dr. Harry L. Seawright as Bishop of the African Methodist Episcopal Church. Rev. Seawright is the longtime pastor of the Union Bethel A.M.E. Church in Brandywine, Maryland. A fourth-generation A.M.E., Rev. Seawright’s first pastoral appointment was with the Payne Memorial A.M.E. Church in Jessup, Maryland, followed by service to the Hemingway Temple A.M.E. Church in Wash-ington, D.C. In 1986, Rev. Seawright assumed his position at Union Bethel A.M.E. Church, which he has served longer than any other pastor in the congregation’s history. During his three decades of service, Union Bethel has expanded dramatically and has a significant presence in the community. In addi-tion to serving as Union Bethel’s pastor, Rev. Seawright is the author of several books, in-cluding More Than Bricks and Mortar: Building a Church without Losing Your Mind, and Don’t Faint: Help for Hurting Pastors and their Fami-lies. He earned his Bachelor’s degree from Benedict College in Columbia, South Carolina and his Master and Doctor of Ministry degrees from the Howard University School of Divinity. Rev. Seawright has long been deeply in-volved in the community. In addition to serving as a spiritual leader, he is an entrepreneur, community leader, world traveler, author and family man. I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing to him our congratulations on his election to this distinguished position and our gratitude for all he has done to touch the lives of others. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LEONARD SUGGS 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of my friend and a true American patriot, Mr. Leonard Suggs. Born in Cumberland County in 1945, Leon-ard never met a stranger. Everyone that ever has the pleasure of meeting him is left with a smile on their face. Leonard’s warm person-ality lights up any room and his infectious humor often leaves everyone in stitches. Un-commonly kind, Leonard measures his suc-cess in life not by career accomplishments, of which there are many, but rather by the lives he touches and his connections with friends, neighbors, and especially the soldiers sta-tioned at Ft. Bragg. Throughout his lifetime, Leonard Suggs has constantly devoted his time in the service of others and he does everything he can to make the world a better place. By staying actively in-volved in the Fayetteville community, Leonard has created a legacy for which we all are grateful. As an unrelenting supporter of our men and women in uniform, Leonard has served as Bragg Special Activities Committee Secretary Treasurer for nearly 30 years. I am convinced you will never find a more patriotic American who is so committed to helping our soldiers and their families. Leonard Suggs was recently diagnosed with a terminal form of cancer and has elected to stop receiving treatment in preparation to leave this Earth in peace. Our thoughts and prayers are with the entire Suggs family as we celebrate and honor this remarkable man. It is my hope that Leonard lives out the remainder of his days in the comfort of the Lord knowing that while his time on Earth may be nearing an end, his legacy will live on in the hearts and minds of all of those he touched. I will personally always cherish the time I have spent with Leonard at Ft. Bragg and vis-iting our men and women in uniform around 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.001 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1119 July 14, 2016 
the country. Leonard can always be counted on to make me laugh at the most inopportune moment and he always has a stick of Wrigley’s chewing gum on hand when you are in a pinch. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in hon-oring the life and legacy of my friend Leonard Suggs for his service to God, our country, and our community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. SANTA J. ONO AND MS. GWENDOLYN YIP 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, as a lifelong Cincinnatian and a proud UC Bearcat, I wish to recognize Dr. Santa J. Ono and Ms. Gwen-dolyn Yip, respectively, President and First Lady of the University of Cincinnati, for their 4 years of dedication and commitment to the university. Under President Ono’s leadership, the Uni-versity of Cincinnati has transformed into a premier academic institution and a public re-search powerhouse. President Ono was primarily responsible for launching ‘‘Creating Our Third Century,’’ an initiative that maps out the university’s prior-ities for the future. As part of this initiative, the University of Cincinnati has invested $100 mil-lion in academics, hiring 250 new faculty members over the past three years. They also executed an $86 million renovation of Nippert Stadium and constructed a new, eco-friendly residence hall—Morgens Hall—that received three different Design Awards from the Amer-ican Institute of Architects. As the university itself continues to grow, so does its student population. For three con-secutive years, the university has broken its enrollment records and has attained the larg-est enrollment in school history at 44,251 stu-dents. This spring alone, they awarded 6,445 degrees to 6,351 graduates. In 2013, the Washington Center recognized UC as the Public University of the Year, ‘‘a shining example of how universities are taking the traditional curriculum model and incor-porating study-away internship experiences that teach self awareness, community engage-ment, and life-long leadership skills.’’ All of these accolades are a great testament to President Ono’s leadership and his commit-ment to making UC the #HottestCollegeInAmerica. I’m sad to see him go, but I know that his charisma and vision will have a lasting impact on present and future Bearcats. I wish him all the best in his future endeav-ors. 
f 
HONORING MS. KATHLEEN KANE 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Kathleen H. Kane, the Executive Director of the Sonoma County Community Development Commission, upon her retirement from an impressive career in af-fordable housing and community development that has spanned 30 years. Ms. Kane, a New Jersey native, completed her Bachelor of Arts in Urban Studies and a Certificate of Proficiency in French at Franklin & Marshall College before administering feder-ally-funded programs for municipalities in Vermont between 1986 and 1991. Ms. Kane then joined the Sonoma County Community Development Commission (CDC) in 1992, and has held a number of positions during her 24 years with the CDC. She joined the office as a supervisor of the Housing Re-habilitation loan and grants programs, and served as the Community Development Man-ager before assuming her current position as the CDC’s Executive Director. Throughout her time with the CDC, Ms. Kane has overseen the administration of federal, state and local funds for affordable housing, homelessness, and community development activities while tirelessly working to improve our community through redevelopment. As an unwavering advocate of social justice, Kathleen is renowned among her peers for her intelligence, speed, and determination to im-prove the lives of those in need in our commu-nity. During her tenure with the CDC, she has worked to create 1,211 new apartments and 250 new ownership properties in Sonoma County, with several hundred more currently under development. Ms. Kane also sits on the Sonoma County Workforce Investment and Upstream Investments boards and the Cali-fornia Association of Housing Authorities. She has served the National Association of Hous-ing and Redevelopment Officials as an execu-tive board member since 2004 and the North-ern California/Nevada Executive Directors As-sociation as Treasurer since 2009. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Kane has dedicated her career to creating safe, secure, and healthy housing for the people of Sonoma County. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today and extend our best wishes for an enjoyable retirement and many happy memories to come with her husband, Bob, and children, Christopher and William. f 
IN HONOR OF SAMUEL BEAMON 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate one of Waterbury’s finest, Samuel K. Beamon, Sr. On Saturday, July 30, 2016, Sam Beamon will become the first Waterburian and African- American to receive UNICO National’s John Basilone Freedom Award. Even though UNICO was founded in Waterbury, CT in 1922, it had yet to bestow this prestigious award on one of its native sons. A graduate of W.F. Kaynor Technical High School in Waterbury, Sam enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1965 and was deployed to South Vietnam. He became a hel-icopter mechanic, crew chief, and aerial gun-ner, and he flew more than 320 combat mis-sions. Sam earned numerous awards while in the Marine Corps including 16 Air Medals and Combat Air Crew Wings, the Combat Action Ribbon, Navy and Presidential Unit Citations, and the Good Conduct Medal. After returning home, Sam worked at Pratt & Whitney before answering the call to service again—but this time, as a police officer. In 1970, he joined the Waterbury Police Depart-ment. There, Sam continued to be an effective leader and break down racial barriers. He was the first Black Accident Investigator, radar op-erator and instructor, and member of the SWAT Team. He retired from the Police De-partment in 1998 with the rank of Lieutenant. He wrote about his time in the Marine Corps in his book, Flying Death: The Vietnam Experi-ence. He became active in Waterbury’s vet-erans’ network. His decades of work made him a natural choice to replace Colonel John Chiarella as chairman of the Waterbury Vet-eran’s Memorial Committee in 2014. I have worked closely with Sam on a number of vet-erans’ issues, and his tenacity, hard work, and winning smile are instrumental in his ability to advocate for his fellow veterans. Sam’s commitment to improving the lives and welfare of others extends well-beyond his involvement in veterans’ organizations. A man who has lived through some of the most divi-sive times in our country’s history, Sam seeks to inspire and unite today’s youth. He under-stands the adversity some of our youth face in overcoming social, political, and economic bar-riers, but knows it can be done with hard work, a positive attitude, and a sharp moral compass. He has mentored countless stu-dents about the value of education, and what it means to believe in one’s country, and an-swer the call to service. For Sam, his call to service and leadership capabilities extended beyond his military career. It meant giving back to Waterbury, the city that gave him so much. A leader in every sense of the word, I had the distinct honor of recognizing him at our Black History Month ceremony in Water-bury this past February. His remarks were touching; a perfect blend of self-reflection, hu-mility, and his ironic sense of humor. While Sam may be the first non-Italian to re-ceive the John Basilone Freedom Award, I wonder if UNICO heard the story about how he found a way to visit his good Italian friend Colonel Chiarella in the hospital. When hos-pital staff told Sam that only immediate family was allowed to visit the Colonel, Sam didn’t miss a beat. He told them that he was the Colonel’s brother. But this story perfectly encapsulates just who Sam is: he is the man who will stand by your side, offering his unwavering support when you need him. To veterans across the State of Connecticut and his family and friends in the City of Waterbury, Sam is a man of con-viction, honor, and leadership. Sam is more than the countless accolades that serve as a testament to his selfless spirit. His infectious positive energy brings joy to the people around him. He is a friend and a confidante for whom I have the utmost respect. I could not be any prouder of my dear and longtime friend. There is no one more deserv-ing of such a prestigious award. I know Sam will tease me for giving him so much praise, but I will not let his humble attitude prevent me from properly honoring and recognizing him. Congratulations on your award, Sam. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.006 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1120 July 14, 2016 
RECOGNIZING GRANT BAKER, BEN-JAMIN GILES, DYLAN ROGERS, AND COURTNEY THOMPSON 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Grant Baker, Benjamin Giles, Dylan Rogers, and Courtney Thompson for their hard work and dedication to the people of Colorado’s Sixth District as interns in my Washington, D.C. office for the summer of the 114th Congress, Second Session. The work of these young men and women has been exemplary and I know they all have bright futures. They served as tour guides, interacted with constituents, and learned a great deal about our nation’s legislative proc-ess. I was glad to be able to offer this edu-cational opportunity to these four and look for-ward to seeing them build their careers in pub-lic service. All four of our interns have made plans to continue their educational careers back in Col-orado and throughout the United States. I am certain they will continue in their great success and wish them all the best in their future en-deavors. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recog-nize Grant Baker, Benjamin Giles, Dylan Rog-ers, and Courtney Thompson for their service this summer. 
f 
HONORING DALLAS AREA RAPID TRANSIT POLICE OFFICER BRENT THOMPSON 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and sacrifice of Dallas Area Rapid Transit Police Officer Brent Thompson. Officer Thompson tragically lost his life during the tragic shooting in Dallas on July 7, 2016. He was the first DART police officer to be killed in the line of duty since DART first formed a police depart-ment in 1989. Officer Thompson was hailed as a ‘‘great of-ficer’’ and one who had served the DART Po-lice Department admirably since joining in 2009. His wife, who he had married just weeks before his death, regarded Officer Thompson as ‘‘the most amazing, caring, lov-ing, selfless man’’ she has known. He is the father of six wonderful children, all of whom will carry on his legacy with his passing. Some know Officer Thompson as the vet-eran officer who bravely charged at the shoot-er in an attempt to stop him during his ram-page. Others know him as a former Marine who helped train and mentor local police in Af-ghanistan and Iraq. However, all now know Officer Thompson as the brave officer who gave his life in the defense of his fellow citi-zens in Dallas. Mr. Speaker, I am proud by the way our na-tion has come together during this difficult time to honor Officer Thompson and the four other officers who lost their lives that day. Today, I would like to thank Officer Thompson for his bravery and sacrifice, and I join with my con-stituents in expressing my incredible gratitude and appreciation for all that Officer Thompson has done for Dallas and the great State of Texas. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 75TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE ROEPER SCHOOL 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 75th anniversary of The Roeper School. This anniversary is a reflection of the hard work of the students, faculty and staff of The Roeper School that have established a legacy of educational excellence which con-tinues to this day. Ever since George and Annemarie Roeper founded The Roeper School in 1941, it has been a leader in gifted education. George and Annemarie were refugees from Germany and witnessed first-hand the full measure of the human cost of Hitler’s Third Reich. They dedi-cated their lives to creating an environment in which a powerful few would never again be able to impose their will upon an unchallenging majority. The Roeper School has been known for educating and empow-ering children at every level and instilling the attitudes, values and skills that will enable them to be leaders in the community. The school the Roepers founded continues to be a highly valued resource for gifted education, consulting on educational projects as varied as the creation of Children’s Television Work-shop, to the publications of the President’s Council on Gifted Education. The Roeper School continues to fulfill its mission: educating and inspiring gifted stu-dents to think as individuals and engage as a community with compassion for each other and this world. Their current ‘‘no cut’’ policy al-lows all students to participate in sports they wish to play. Roeper students pursue a chal-lenging curriculum in math, science, arts and technology that prepares them for college and beyond. The Roeper School has a dedication to diversity, democracy, and community serv-ice that dates to its founding and is still very present today. Armed with a first class edu-cation, Roeper graduates have gone on to make extraordinary contributions to our society in every imaginable field of study and work. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in honoring the 75th anniversary of The Roeper School. For 75 years, The Roeper School has supported students’ academic, in-tellectual, emotional and social growth and we wish them many more successful years to come. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was not present during roll call vote number 434 on July 13, 2016. I would like the record to reflect that on roll call vote number 434 I would have voted YES. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 SPEECH OF  
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 13, 2016 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5538) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes: 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, I want to make a statement regarding the passage of H.R. 5538, the Department of Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017. Specifically I would like to make a state-ment about my amendment, Grayson Number 113. My amendment simply put the House on record of supporting a final funding amount of $27,191,000 for the National Estuary Program and Coastal Waterways. It does so by remov-ing and then reapplying $468,000 within the $2.5 billion appropriation for the environmental programs and management account within the Environmental Protection Agency. The report accompanying this bill originally called for $26,723,000 for the National Estuary Program and Coastal Waterways, which is $468,000 below both the Senate’s proposed appropriations level and the President’s re-quest for fiscal year 2017. Hence, the amount specified in my amendment. The National Estuary Program and Coastal Waterways subaccount within the EPA does important work, including work in my State, especially on the Atlantic Coast. This program addresses ocean acidification, seeks to re-move coastal watersheds, furthers the Na-tional Estuary Program’s restoration goals, and assists in the implementation of the very important Gulf of Mexico hypoxia action plan. This past March, in Central Florida, the In-dian River Lagoon, which has been part of the National Estuary Program since 1990, experi-enced the worst fish kill in the history of the watershed. This fish kill is the result of hy-poxia, caused by a recent algae blooming in the lagoon. Nobody knows how many fish died. And what’s worse, nobody understands how ‘‘brown tide,’’ the algae which caused the hypoxia, and is typically found in salty water, got into the Indian River Lagoon. With ecologi-cal disasters like this, we should be moving to fully fund the President’s request. Part of the funding for this program is used to try to overcome the hypoxia situation that has arisen in the Indian River Lagoon, while learning what happened, and more impor-tantly, how to return the lagoon to a healthy ecosystem. This is just one of the 28 estuaries funded by this program, located along the At-lantic, Gulf, and Pacific coasts. The estuarine regions of the United States comprise just 12 percent of land area of the United States, but they contain 43 percent of the U.S. population and provide 49 percent of all U.S. economic output. The economic value of coastal recreation alone in the United States—beach going, fishing, bird watching, snorkeling, diving, and so on—has conserv-atively been estimated by NOAA to be be-tween $20 billion and $60 billion annually. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.010 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1121 July 14, 2016 
Clearly, the $468,000 increase in funding for the National Estuary Program and Coastal Waterways will result in real returns for the American economy, an enhanced quality of life for the American people, and a healthy ecosystem which supports endangered and threatened species. I thank Chairman C
ALVERT  and my colleagues for their support of my amendment. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF MR. JOE OSCAR ERNI 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the loss of Mr. Joe Oscar Erni, who passed away last summer at his home in Sun City Center, Florida. Joe lived the quintessential American story—one that personified the Greatest Generation. Joe was raised on an Indiana dairy farm and studied at Purdue University. When World War II broke out, he traded in his textbooks for a uniform, serving in the Pacific as a First Lieutenant in the U.S. Army. Joe served his country with distinction as an aerial spotter for field artillery, having been awarded the Air Medal, with four bronze oak leafs, for his serv-ice in combat operations. Following the war, Joe completed his edu-cation at Hanover College, and soon went on to marry the love of his life Elizabeth ‘‘Betty’’ Rodgers in May of 1948. Joe became a vener-able part of his community while managing the New Albany Inn for 25 years, which led to his title of President of the Indiana Hotel/Motel As-sociation. He cared deeply for his community and led many philanthropic efforts. He became the 1956 Chairman of the Floyd County March of Dimes, and served on the Floyd Memorial Hospital Board of Directors. Joe was a humble man whose life impacted everyone he touched in an extraordinary way. He cared deeply for so many people, especially his wife Betty, his three children, six grandchildren, and three great-grandchildren. Everywhere Joe went, he made friends with ease due to his gentle and generous spirit. Joe will be remembered for his exceptionally kind heart, his loving personality, and his tre-mendous service to his community and our country. I was proud to call Joe a friend and a relative, and I will miss his presence in our family. Thank you, Joe, for your years of dedication and service. My thoughts and prayers are with your family and friends. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO YOUNG STAFF MEM-BERS FOR THEIR CONTRIBU-TIONS ON BEHALF OF THE PEO-PLE OF THE 18TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS AND THE UNITED STATES 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as Mem-bers of Congress we know well, perhaps bet-ter than most, how blessed our nation is to have in reserve such exceptional young men and women who will go on to become leaders in their local communities, states, and the na-tion in the areas of business, education, gov-ernment, philanthropy, the arts and culture, and the military. We know this because we see them and benefit from their contributions every day. Many of them work for us in our offices as jun-ior staff members, congressional fellows, or in-terns and they do amazing work for and on behalf of the constituents we are privileged to represent. Mr. Speaker, I believe there is no higher calling than the call to serve a cause larger than ourselves. That is why I ran for public of-fice. I was inspired to serve by President Ken-nedy who said, ‘‘Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country,’’ and by the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. who said: Everybody can be great because anybody can serve. . . . You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love. 
By this measure, there are several other great young men and women who served as volunteers this year in my offices. They may toil in obscurity but their contributions to the constituents we serve are deeply appreciated. That is why today I rise to pay tribute to six extraordinary young persons for their service to my constituents in the 18th Congressional District of Texas and to the American people. They are: Stephanie Gomez from the Univer-sity of Houston; Bunyad Bhatti from the Col-lege of New Jersey; Sara Ali from the Univer-sity of California at Berkeley; Ashley Hogan from Texas Tech University; George Brewster from Texas Southern University; and Jeremy Dang from Georgetown University. Mr. Speaker, the energy, intelligence, and idealism these wonderful young people brought to my office and those interning in the offices of my colleagues help keep our democ-racy vibrant. The insights, skills, and knowl-edge of the governmental process they gain from their experiences will last a lifetime and prove invaluable to them as they go about making their mark in this world. Because of persons like them the future of our country is bright and its best days lie ahead. I wish them all well. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that such thoughtful, committed young men and women can be found working in my office, those of my colleagues, and in every community in America. Their good works will keep America great, good, and forever young. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
HONORING MR. TIM TESCONI 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Tim Tesconi upon his in-duction into the Sonoma County Farm Bu-reau’s Hall of Fame for his 43 years of service to our local agriculture community and com-mitment to preserving agricultural land throughout our county. A third generation Sonoma County resident, Mr. Tesconi grew up on a dairy farm in Santa Rosa and was a Future Farmer of America (FFA) during his time at Santa Rosa High School. He later went on to earn his Bachelor of Science degree from California State Uni-versity, Chico and completed graduate work in Journalism at the University of Missouri, Co-lumbia before dedicating his professional life to Sonoma County’s agriculture community. Mr. Tesconi has held a number of positions during his impressive career that spanned over four decades. For 33 years Mr. Tesconi worked as an agriculture reporter for the Santa Rosa Press Democrat. Mr. Tesconi’s outstanding coverage of the North Bay farming community made him a household name and led to his appointment to multiple local boards including the 4–H Foundation of Sonoma County, Sonoma County Farm Trails, and the Santa Rosa Junior College Ag. Trust. For the last 10 years of his career, Mr. Tesconi worked as the Community Relations Coordi-nator and later the Executive Director of the Sonoma County Farm Bureau. His dedication to our agricultural and wine communities has strengthened our Sonoma County community as a whole. Mr. Tesconi is admired by his peers for his unrivaled depth of knowledge, passion, and unwavering advocacy on behalf of our agri-culture community. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Tesconi has spent his en-tire career working to strengthen and preserve agriculture’s role as the backbone of our local economy, natural landscapes, and way of life in Sonoma County. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF ALFRED LOMELI 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and service of a longtime Contra Costa resident, Mr. Alfred Lomeli. At an early age, Al committed to his passion for serving others by making his first attempt to join the Armed Forces. When he was turned down for being too young, he returned at the age of 18, after his graduation from Al-hambra High School, and joined the Marines. Upon joining the Marines in September 1944, Lomeli and his division were the first to land on Peleliu, a tiny island in the western Pacific Ocean. While the mission was expected to only last a few days, the fighting dragged on through November and led to heavy American casualties. Al and his brother Raul’s experi-ences in the Pacific Theater are the subjects of a book written by Al’s daughter Rhonda en-titled ‘‘Semper Fi! Marine.’’ Al’s time in the Marines further shaped his commitment to service and to those he loved. After meeting his wife Guadalupe and settling in the Bay Area, Al began his career in fi-nance that ultimately led him to the county treasurer-tax collector’s office, which he was to in 1978. He also served as president of the National Association of County Treasurers and Finance Officers and the California Associa-tion of County Treasurers and Tax Collectors. Al’s dedication to his job, his family, and his community was admirable. Al passed away on June 26, 2016. He will be missed sincerely by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.014 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1122 July 14, 2016 
those who had the pleasure of knowing him, including his wife Patsy; daughters Celine, Gi-sele, and Rhonda; sons Jeffrey, Charles, and Lawrence; and dozens of grandchildren and great-grandchildren. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NEW BETHEL AFRICAN METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH INCORPORATED 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my sincere congratulations to the congregation of Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Colum-bus, Georgia as the church’s membership and leadership celebrate 142 years. Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church was organized in 1874; 87 years after Richard Allen organized the African Methodist Epis-copal Church in 1787. It is believed the church seat was moved several times from 1874 to 1927. It is recorded that within the 53 years less than 20 pastors were appointed to Bethel. During the years of 1927 to 1930 the member-ship of Bethel ranged from 50 to 80. By the year 1932, the church membership had in-creased to 220. Ephesians 4:16 states ‘‘from whom the whole body, being fitted and held together by what every joint supplies, according to the proper working of each individual part, causes the growth of the body for the building up of itself in love.’’ Through the blessings of God, New Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church has grown spiritually, numerically, and materially, for the last 62 years. In 1954, a new building was assembled under the leadership of Rev. R. L. Tyson (de-ceased), thus Bethel African Methodist Epis-copal Church was renamed New Bethel Afri-can Methodist Episcopal Church. As the church’s congregation grew in numbers and in spirit it also grew in size. Between the years of 1965–1998, God blessed New Bethel Afri-can Methodist Episcopal Church with several architectural additions to the church, to help accommodate its growing flock. By the grace of God, New Bethel African Methodist Epis-copal Church was bestowed the honor of hosting the 92nd Session of the Southwest Georgia Annual Conference, in 1988. New Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church has been blessed to have several anointed guests, and guest preachers such as the first female minister, Rev. Varnette Green (deceased), who served as the guest Reviv-alist at the Youth Revival, in 1987, and Bishop Donald George Kenneth Ming, who preached the unadulterated word of God in June 1993, at the church’s first family and Friends Day. In June 2002, under the righteous leadership of Rev. Bruce Francis, New Bethel African Meth-odist Episcopal Church celebrated its 127th Church Anniversary and some of the distin-guished guests in attendance included Con-gressman S
ANFORD BISHOP and spouse, Mrs. Vivian C. Bishop, District Staff Member, Mrs. Elaine Gillispie and Councilor Evelyn Wood-son. It gives me great honor to recognize New Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church, a holy vessel guided by the exceptional leader-ship of Rev. Richard A. Yancey. Like myself, Reverend Yancey is a distinguished member of Kappa Alpha Ksi Fraternity Incorporated. He is also an influential figure in the Columbus community, who has dedicated the last 26 years of his life to teaching the word of God. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join my wife and me along with the 730,000 citizens of the 2nd Congressional District in congratulating and honoring New Bethel Afri-can Methodist Episcopal Church for 142 years of faithful service to God and humanity. f 
RECOGNIZING KAYLEE GRANT, SPENCER LONG, RYAN TILLMAN, AND DOUGLASS QUIRK 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Kaylee Grant, Spencer Long, Ryan Till-man, and Douglass Quirk for their hard work and dedication to the people of Colorado’s Fourth District as interns in my Washington, DC office for the Summer 2016 session of Congress. The work of these young men and women has been exemplary and I know they will have a bright future ahead of them. They learned a great deal about our nation’s legislative proc-ess and served as tour guides and interacted with constituents. I was glad to be able to offer this educational opportunity to them and look forward to seeing them build their careers in public service. Kaylee, Spencer, Ryan and Douglass plan to continue pursuing their college degrees at the end of their internships and I wish them the best in their future endeavors. Mr. Speak-er, it is an honor to recognize Kaylee Grant, Spencer Long, Ryan Tillman, and Douglass Quirk for their service this Summer. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 448, on July 13, 2016, I was un-avoidably detained off of the House floor. Therefore, I was unable to cast my vote on an amendment offered by Rep. K
ING(R–IA) to H.R. 5538. Had I been present, I would have voted YES. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. PHYLLIS ROULLIER 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Phyllis Roullier, a longtime resident of Belleville, Michigan and an original Rosie the Riveter. Phyllis was born on August 24, 1924 and has lived her full life as the cher-ished matriarch of her family, and an Amer-ican hero. Phyllis was among the trailblazing women who stepped up during World War II to fill the industry positions traditionally held by men. Collectively nicknamed ‘‘Rosie the Riveter’’, these inspiring women entered the workforce with grace and gusto to build planes, tanks and other armaments that sustained the war effort and kept American industry afloat. Phyl-lis was 18 when she started working at the Willow Run Bomber Plant in Ypsilanti dimpling airplane skins. She recalls carpooling to work with other women from Detroit and having to pool gas stamps in order to make it to work every day. To this day, Phyllis proudly recalls the remarkable contributions of the Rosies at Willow Run, who produced more aircraft every month than Imperial Japan did in a year, earn-ing Willow Run, and the area surrounding southeast Michigan, worldwide fame as the center of America’s ‘‘Arsenal of Democracy’’. The contributions of Phyllis and the original Rosie the Riveters made victory in World War II possible, and their patriotism and hard work will forever remain part of the American story. They instilled a newfound hope in their com-munities, embodying positivity in a time of great turmoil and uncertainty, and inspired a social movement that forever redefined the role of women in the workplace. The number of working women in the United States in-creased to 20 million in 1944, and has never since fallen to pre-war levels. Phyllis and her fellow Rosies paved the way for generations to follow. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in honoring Phyllis Roullier for her con-tributions to the war and her role in inspiring generations of American women. Her story is one that embodies the best of American val-ues and spirit and one that we will continue to share with our children and grandchildren for decades to come. The values that Phyllis and the Rosies embodied—patriotism, bravery and resolve—are ones we all must strive to emu-late. We salute the Rosies for their contribu-tion to American history. Their legacy will for-ever remind us that we all have the power to do something more for our community and our country. f 
RECOGNIZING 2016 ‘‘PAUL BUNYAN SERVICE ABOVE SELF AWARD’’ YOUTH WINNER FONG MOUA 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to stand before you today to recognize Mr. Fong Moua of Wausau, Wisconsin for his excep-tional commitment to our community. Mr. Moua is the youth recipient of the Wis-consin 7th Congressional District’s 2016 ‘‘Paul Bunyan Service Above Self Award,’’ which seeks to recognize an individual who has gone above and beyond to serve their com-munity. l am privileged to award this young man in recognition of his unparalleled service to our district. Mr. Moua was born in a refugee camp in Thailand. He called that camp home until his parents made the journey to the United States when he was seven years old. He began 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.018 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1123 July 14, 2016 
learning to read and write at the age of 10. Fong dedicated his young life to helping oth-ers. In 2014 he was elected by his peers to lead the H.M.O.N.G youth program—a pro-gram designed to help at-risk youth by teach-ing and encouraging other young students the importance of volunteerism and preserving the Hmong culture. He organized a local class to teach Hmong youth how to read and write in Hmong, and also organized and led the Qhuas Peb Lub Npe Hmoob Zoo, a cultural event planned entirely by the Hmong youth for the community. In addition to his leadership position, Mr. Moua has spent countless hours bettering the community through mentoring and volun-teering at local organizations such as the Hmong American Center, Inc., where he as-sisted with the Hmong New Year celebration, and Dream Big: 2056 Scholarship Fundraiser that provides opportunities for Hmong students to pursue an education. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in con-gratulating Mr. Moua on his volunteer accom-plishments and being named the youth Paul Bunyan Award winner. His selfless demeanor in which he answers the call to serve in our district is truly valued. 
f 
A BILL TO ESTABLISH AN ELEC-TRONIC SYSTEM FOR TRAVEL AUTHORIZATION FOR THE GUAM CNMI VISA WAIVER PROGRAM 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I intro-duce legislation that would authorize and es-tablish an Electronic System for Travel Author-ization (ESTA) for the Guam-CNMI Visa Waiv-er Program, and direct revenue from the es-tablished system to fund CEP operations and staffing needs for ports of entry in Guam and the CNMI. The regional Guam-CNMI VWP recognizes Guam’s unique location in Asia, and the need to be more competitive for tourists from other Asian nations. With Guam’s primary source of economic revenue being tourism from Asia, my legislation would address several issues that have hampered the industry and that con-tinues to cost CBP millions of dollars annually in processing costs. The majority of foreign ar-rivals at Guam International Airport are those traveling under the Guam-CNMI VWP, and long immigration lines are a recurring issue due to limited staffing capacity when arrivals peak at Guam International Airport. At their peak—sometimes 1,200 passengers arrive when multiple flights arrive nearly simulta-neously—the wait times at immigration can be as long as two and a half hours. I recognize that there are complaints about long wait lines at other international ports of entries including Guam. However, many of our visitors come from Japan and South Korea. In fact, some Japan television shows and radio programs have mocked the long lines and wait times at Guam International Airport. The flight from Japan or South Korea is a little over 3 hours and, sadly, some of these visitors have waited about as long in line. That is unaccept-able and runs counter to the President’s goal of improving the arrivals process for inter-national travelers arriving in the United States, as outlined in a memorandum to heads of ex-ecutive departments and agencies on May 22, 2014. My legislation would work to address the problems that are occurring with long wait times at our respective port of entries. Tourism is critical to the economies of the region, and we cannot let an antiquated visitor entry sys-tem and inadequate staffing harm our econ-omy. Establishing an ESTA specific to the Guam- CNMI Visa Waiver Program would help to ad-dress several issues faced by visitors arriving at Guam International Airport. First, the current process relies on a paper-based system which is cumbersome and only adds to the delays when arriving The bill would allow CBP to automate that process and, as a result, save an estimated $4 million annually that is used by CBP to process and file the paper forms. This is a common sense reform that will save the federal government money and improve the customer experience at Guam Inter-national Airport and ports of entry in the CNMI. Admittedly, CBP has the authority to create an ESTA system for the Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program; however, they do not have the authority to direct revenues collected from this automated process towards staffing at ports of entry in Guam and CNMI. As such, it is the consensus of tourism industry leaders and other stakeholders that there is an ulti-mate need for this legislation. I am informed that staffing has not increased in Guam since after the 9/11 attacks. The CBP staffing pat-tern was sufficient, but as the number of tour-ists grows on Guam the lines have also grown and the staffing has not kept up with demand. Making the visitor entry process into ports of entry in Guam and CNMI electronic is part of the solution, but additional staffing is still re-quired especially since nearly 50% of our visi-tors are first-time visitors and cannot avail themselves of Automated Passport Control (APC) systems. Earlier this month, Guam once again hosted the Electric Island Festival (EIF), a two-day event which brings together DJs from the Asia-Pacific region. Nearly 4,000 visitors at-tended EIF last year. I am both proud and humbled at the innovative programming that brings people from all over the world to Guam. Further, in late May and early June Guam hosted the Festival of the Pacific Arts (FestPac) a once every four years major re-gional cultural event, and is the largest gath-ering in which Pacific peoples unite to en-hance their respect and appreciation of one another. A significant number of visitors came to Guam to participate in FestPac, and I ap-preciate the commitment of Commissioner R. Gil Kerlikowske to ensure there was adequate staffing at Guam International Airport. But that additional staffing was accomplished by ap-proving extra overtime for employees which is a costly endeavor. Events like FestPac and EIF show the maturation and growth of Guam’s tourism industry. Improving the proc-esses and capabilities of our ports of entry to ensure a pleasant experience for our visitors is a top priority, and the solutions must be long-standing and sustainable. We cannot simply rely on overtime of employees to meet the current and emerging demands at our main international port of entry. An ESTA for the Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program is an innovative, sustainable, com-mon-sense, and cost-saving solution that would not only save the federal government millions and increase resources to improve CBP capabilities. More importantly, it would ul-timately modernize and improve a Visa Waiver Program that continues to benefit the people of Guam and CNMI. My bill would help ensure that federal policy enhances economic oppor-tunities and development in our region instead of being an impediment. f 
HONORING MR. HERB LAMB 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Herb Lamb, whom the Napa County Farm Bureau post-humously named the 2016 Agriculturalist of the Year. Herb passed away on December 10, 2014, after 64 remarkable years. A native of Vallejo, California, Herb moved with his family to Napa when he was eight. After graduating with a degree in Soil Science from Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, he returned to Napa and started a vineyard consulting busi-ness. Herb and his business partner, Dennis Hansen, opened the Napa Valley Ag Supply in 1983, one of the first agricultural chemical businesses in the Napa Valley. Herb knew Napa vineyards like the back of his hand. In his 35 years of work in agri-culture, he became acquainted with nearly every vineyard manager and winery owner in our Napa community. From large landowners developing vineyard properties to local home-owners wanting a secret weapon to kill a backyard orchard pest, Herb offered everyone the same knowledgeable consideration and in-terest. Herb volunteered his time often, and our community remembers him for his kindness coupled with a sincere desire to help. He was a supporter of the local 4–H and Future Farm-ers of America, a former member of the St. Helena Rotary, a Native Son of the Golden West, and served on the board of the Napa Valley Grapegrowers. Mr. Speaker, Herb Lamb was known as a legend for his knowledge of the Napa Valley and commitment to our wine community, as well as his gentle and jovial spirit. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. 
f 
BRIGADIER GENERAL JESSIE ‘‘ROY’’ ROBINSON 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Brigadier General Jes-sie ‘‘Roy’’ Robinson, the retiring Director, Joint Staff, Joint Force Headquarters of the Mis-sissippi National Guard. Through General Robinson’s role as Director, Joint Staff, he provides oversight and strategic planning to ensure the overall readiness of the Mississippi National Guard. This vital position entails not only personal readiness, but maintaining readi-ness of facilities, equipment, supplies, funds, and supporting services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.023 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1124 July 14, 2016 
General Robinson was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant, Infantry, on May 11, 1985, through the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps at the University of Southern Mississippi. He served as Commander of 890th Engineer Bat-talion, Commander of the 150th Engineer Bat-talion, Deputy Commander of the 168th Engi-neer Brigade, and Commander of the Camp McCain Training Site, Mississippi Army Na-tional Guard. He has also served as the Chief of Staff, Joint Force Headquarters, Mississippi Army National Guard, and as Assistant Adju-tant General—Army, Joint Force Head-quarters, Mississippi National Guard. I was privileged to serve with Brigadier Gen-eral Robinson during a combat deployment to Iraq in 2005. At the time, Lieutenant Colonel Robinson commanded the 150th Engineer Battalion at Forward Operating Base Dogwood in Iraq, which was on the Euphrates River in the corner of Al Anbar Province right across the river from Babil Province. During Lieuten-ant Colonel Robinson’s command, the 150th Combat Engineer Battalion performed at an extremely high level while performing combat operations in a very high intensity area. Lieu-tenant Colonel Robinson displayed courage, leadership, and mentored the officers and noncommissioned officers of the 150th Engi-neer Battalion. I have served with Brigadier General Robin-son since our return, and he is a trusted men-tor, respected by soldiers across the ranks of the Mississippi Army National Guard. As Di-rector of the National Guard Association of Mississippi, he has been a champion for sol-diers at the state and national level. I am privi-leged to consider Brigadier General Robinson a friend and mentor. As Brigadier General Robinson retires from his military career, I wish him the best in his future endeavors. I know he will continue to be a leader for Mississippi’s soldiers in his role as Executive Director of the National Guard As-sociation of Mississippi. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for certain votes taken yes-terday, Wednesday, July 13. If present, I would have voted as follows: Roll Call Vote Number 453 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1342 to H.R. 5538 offered by Rep. G
ARYPALMER ): NO. Roll Call Vote Number 454 (Passage of H. AMDT. 1344 to H.R. 5538 offered by Rep. P
AULGOSAR ): NO. 
f 
SUPPORTING H.R. 1655, THE COM-MUNITY ECONOMIC OPPOR-TUNITY ACT 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1655, the Community Eco-nomic Opportunity Act. In 1964, President Lyndon B. Johnson intro-duced America to the War on Poverty. Since then, Washington has created many anti-pov-erty programs, spent trillions of dollars, and made promises that failed to achieve well-in-tentioned goals. However, we realize it is just as difficult to lift people and families out of the poverty cycle today. It is not enough to speak of change in Washington; we must invite and support new ideas and open up our system to collaboration with those on the front lines in the fight against poverty. To that end, I proud-ly support H.R. 1655, the Community Eco-nomic Opportunity Act, which reauthorizes the Community Service Block Grant program that was last reauthorized in 1998. This program is currently present in 99 percent of US counties, and supports important programs that bring people out of the grip of poverty, improves the quality of our communities, and benefits our country and economy for the better. Together, we can help guide our nation into a new era of success and prosperity. f 
THE INTRODUCTION OF THE PUT-TING MAIN STREET FIRST ACT: FINISHING IRRESPONSIBLE RECKLESS SPECULATIVE TRAD-ING 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I in-troduced H.R. 5745, The Putting Main Street FIRST Act: Finishing Irresponsible Reckless Speculative Trading. The bill would levy a miniscule 0.03 percent tax on stocks, bonds and derivatives, which will discourage irresponsible high-speed trades that have no intrinsic value and that desta-bilize the market, which were the driving fac-tors of the 2008 financial crisis and the 2010 flash crash. How much does a 0.03 percent tax cost per trade? It amounts to 3 pennies on a $100 trade. How much does it raise? The Joint Tax Committee estimates the tax would raise $417 billion over ten years. These funds can be used to fund national priorities like free higher education so college students aren’t stuck in never-ending debt. It can be used for job-creating infrastructure in-vestments, or other national priorities. Raising much-needed revenue to help aver-age Americans is a big plus, but my primary reason for my bill is to end unhealthy specula-tion in the market and bring it back into bal-ance. My goal is to stop Wall Street from gam-bling with Main Street’s money. Opponents of a financial transaction tax have already rolled out their same tired argu-ments: American retail investors and retirees would get hit with higher administrative fees as brokerages pass the cost of the tax down to them. The opponents haven’t read my bill, or if they have, they are ignoring what’s in it. The fear-mongers have always said a trans-action tax will destroy the market. The truth is the U.S. had a transaction tax from 1914 until 1966. In 1932, the transaction tax was raised. When the increase in the tax was proposed, various newspaper headlines screamed our markets would fail. Here are just two: ‘‘Stocks Tax Called Peril to Exchange’’ and ‘‘Panic Threat Seen in Taxes.’’ In 1932 the Dow Jones was at a low point of 41. In 1966, the Dow Jones was at nearly 1000 points. The sky did not fall. The point is the large majority of trades today are made by computers with algorithms whose sole purpose is to execute thousands of trades in milliseconds to turn a quick buck. Flash boys and high-frequency traders go so far as to locate their servers as close to an exchange as possible—all to gain a nano-second head start of a trade price. How can average Americans compete with that? They can’t. It’s time to stop irresponsible trading, time to level the playing field, and it’s time to put Main Street FIRST. f 
ENHANCING TREASURY’S ANTI- TERROR TOOLS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 11, 2016 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING , Ranking Member W
ATERS , Chairman F ITZPATRICK and Ranking Member L
YNCH for the thoughtful and inclusive process that produced this set of bills. I would also like to thank Mr. P
ITTENGER and Mr. L
YNCH for introducing this particular bill, En-hancing Treasury’s Anti-Terror Tools Act (H.R. 5607). I am especially appreciative that the bill in-cludes language to help address the remit-tances crisis facing Somalia. I am fortunate to represent the largest Somali diaspora in our nation. I have heard from my constituents that they are unable to send funds to their loved ones back home. They can’t send money for school fees or for medicine. They can’t send funds to help a loved one start a business. Banks have stopped providing bank accounts to money services businesses that send funds to Somalia. Very few banks still provide wire transfers to the people of Somalia. As remit-tances from abroad are critical to the economy of this fragile nation, we are creating a human-itarian crisis which is also a national security problem. We need to address this crisis. Money is going to flow: either in the system or outside of it. It is in everyone’s best interest to provide Somali Americans the ability to safely and transparently send money to loved ones in their home nation. This pilot program idea grew out of my frus-tration with finding a solution. I would like to see financial institutions and their regulators act proactively to keep the remittances pipe-line open and safe. That’s why I so appreciate Mr. P
ITTENGER and Mr. L YNCH including lan-guage I suggested requiring the Treasury De-partment to study the potential impact of a pilot program for humanitarian funds to Soma-lia. Somalia is improving; it recently passed an Anti-Money Laundering Law and appointed an ambassador to the U.S. The U.S. has ac-knowledged the government of Somalia and for the first time in decades, has an ambas-sador to that nation. The need to address the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.026 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1125 July 14, 2016 
remittances crisis is urgent. I appreciate the Chairman, Ranking Member and my col-leagues’ commitment to addressing the remit-tances crisis which hinders Somalia’s ability to become a stronger more functional nation. 
f 
COLLEGIATE BASEBALL NAMES KATY ATHLETE JON DUPLANTIER AS AN ALL-AMER-ICA PITCHER 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Katy native Jon Duplantier, for being named as an All-America pitcher by Col-legiate Baseball magazine. Jon Duplantier graduated from Seven Lakes High School in 2013 and is currently a junior attending the great Rice University. Duplantier has been drafted and picked to pitch for the Arizona Diamondbacks. Duplantier was named the C–USA Pitcher of the Week three times, National Pitcher of the Week and has faced six nationally ranked teams. Duplantier has displayed great discipline and dedication. We are proud to have such talent representing our Katy community. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Jon Duplantier for his outstanding athletic achievements. We wish him success in his baseball career and look forward to rooting for him in the majors. Katy, Texas is proud of him. 
f 
FAA EXTENSION, SAFETY, AND SECURITY ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 11, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 818, the FAA Extension, Safety, and Se-curity Act of 2016, specifies that in making a determination whether to grant or deny an ap-plication for designation under Sec. 2209, the Administrator may consider ‘‘homeland secu-rity.’’ Homeland Security consideration is intended to include consideration of applicants identified as potential targets by a Joint Terrorism Task Force. Joint Terrorism Task Forces serve as our nation’s front line in the fight against do-mestic terrorism. They play an active role in identifying and investigating potential threats to certain activities where there are threats of injury to life, property or infrastructure—and in protecting communities across America from terrorist acts. Allowing targeted facilities to take pro-active steps to ensure the safety of their operations, employees and the public is critical in order to keep the homeland safe. If a facility or activity has been identified as a potential target area by a Joint Terrorism Task Force, I encourage the FAA to give ample weight to the JTTF designation when evalu-ating applications and give full consideration to the homeland security risks and potential threats originating from foreign, domestic, or eco-terrorism that have been assessed by the task force. This bill empowers and directs the FAA to protect those targeted facilities from the poten-tial security risks that aircraft, including un-manned aircraft, can create. I believe this is important for counterterrorism efforts and for protecting America’s communities and free-dom. I encourage the FAA to give strong con-sideration to applicants identified as potential targets by a Joint Terrorism Task Force. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ERIK PAULSEN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 452, I was not present at the time of the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on Roll Call Vote No. 452. 
f 
HONORING KIRTANA CHORAGUDI FOR BEING THE SADD STUDENT OF THE YEAR 
HON. DAN BENISHEK 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kirtana Choragudi from Iron Moun-tain, Michigan, on being named the Students Against Destructive Decisions, or SADD, stu-dent of the year. Founded in 1981, SADD is a peer-to-peer youth education and prevention organization focusing primarily on traffic safety. Today, July 14th, SADD is holding an advo-cacy-training program here in Washington to develop students’ skills in advocacy and lead-ership, as well as to educate them on how public policy can be used to encourage young people to make good decisions. Kirtana and 13 other high school juniors and seniors from all over the country were se-lected to attend SADD SPEAKs after going through a very competitive selection process. These students were selected based on their experience and leadership qualities. Northern Michigan is proud to have a stu-dent from one of our communities so dedi-cated to making the roads safer for all drivers. I commend all these young individuals for their efforts to make our roads safer. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. DON KOEHLER OF THE GEORGIA PEANUT COM-MISSION 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT ; Mr. B ISHOP ; and Mr. A LLEN in the Georgia delegation to recognize, Mr. Don Koehler, Executive Director of the Geor-gia Peanut Commission. August 1st, 2016 will mark 30 years since Mr. Koehler originally became the Executive Director of the Georgia Peanut Commission, making him the longest serving Executive Di-rector in the organization’s 53 year history. His 30 year tenure is quite impressive, es-pecially as Mr. Koehler’s position carries with it a lot of responsibility. The Georgia Peanut Commission advocates for Georgia’s peanut farmers who produce more than half of the peanuts in the entire country and results in a huge economic impact to Georgia. During his tenure as Executive Director, Mr. Koehler has been a critical player in the Geor-gia Peanut Commission’s drive to educate people about the health benefits of eating pea-nuts. Additionally, he has been immersed in working for the successful passage in Con-gress of a new five year farm bill as well as drafting comments about the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Mr. Koehler has done an excellent job as Executive Director of the Commission and we want to thank him for his continued dedication to successfully growing Georgia’s peanut in-dustry and allowing the state to share its prod-uct with the rest of the nation. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DON KOEHLER 30 YEARS WITH THE GA PEANUT COMMISSION 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to extend heartfelt congratula-tions to Mr. Don Koehler, the Executive Direc-tor for the Georgia Peanut Commission, as he celebrates 30 years of service with this es-teemed organization. Born on a small livestock and row crop farm, in southwest Alabama, Don Koehler has had an interest in agriculture since childhood. His experience and knowledge of agriculture and the peanut industry influenced his deci-sion to attend and graduate from Auburn Uni-versity, in 1979, where he received his Bach-elors of Science degree in Animal Science. The experience that he has accumulated from his childhood on the farm and years in the classroom ultimately led to his decision of pur-suing a career in agriculture. In 1986, Mr. Koehler accepted the pres-tigious honor in becoming the Executive Direc-tor for the Georgia Peanut Commission (GPC) and is currently the longest standing Executive Director in GPC history. Don is extremely pas-sionate in helping to promote peanut research, particularly the peanut genome, as well as im-proving the production capacity of peanut farmers in Georgia and throughout the coun-try. Georgia peanut farmers are responsible for producing nearly half of the United States’ peanut crops, and the production levels con-tinue to increase annually. In fact, I’m proud to say that the 2nd Congressional District which I represent, is the largest producer of peanuts in the Nation. Since Don’s induction as Execu-tive Director, the production levels of the com-modity have nearly tripled. Under Don’s leadership, the Georgia peanut industry led the nation in the export of peanuts globally; including China and Western Europe. In April 2016, 74,268 Metric Tons of peanuts and peanut products had been exported to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.030 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1126 July 14, 2016 
various regions of Asia including, China and Vietnam. The improvements of exporting rela-tions of peanut to Asia have been tremen-dous. Last year Georgia peanut exports had a total value of $81,592,245, which is a 530% increase over the previous year. The state of Georgia certainly appreciates what Don has done in the peanut industry over his 30 year tenure. He has earned much deserved respect as a result of his leadership and contributions to the Georgia Peanut Com-mission as their Executive Director. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join me, along with all those associated with Georgia peanuts in congratulating Mr. Don Koehler for every-thing he has done to improve and strengthen the peanut industry in Georgia and the peanut industry nationwide. 
f 
HONORING MANTECA CITY POLICE CHIEF NICK OBLIGACION 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor Manteca City Police Chief, Nick Obligacion, who announced his re-tirement after 24 years of service. Nick was born in Fort Ord, California and was raised in Monterey County. He attended college at Monterey Peninsula College where he graduated with an Associate’s Degree in General Education and a certificate in Elec-tronic Technology. Before working in Manteca, Nick was a Deputy Sheriff at Monterey County Sheriff’s Department in Salinas. He received his basic certificate in 1989, and applied for the Police Officer position in Manteca in 1991 and began his first shift as an Officer in December of that year. Nick completed the Field Training Pro-gram in January of 1992 and was then re-leased to patrol. In addition to being recognized as Employee of the Month in 1992, Nick and his patrol ca-nine, Barry, received several awards for their trial showings throughout the state of Cali-fornia. His commitment to excelling as an Offi-cer was evident through his continued edu-cation and certification in many tactical areas of training. Nick had a very long and successful career and was promoted to Police Sergeant in July of 2007 and ultimately to the position of Manteca Police Chief in January of 2012. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and commending the outstanding contributions made to law enforcement services in the City of Manteca by Chief Nick Obligacion and hereby wish him continued success in his re-tirement. 
f 
HONORING THE ROBERT MONDAVI WINERY 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Robert Mondavi Win-ery, which today is celebrating the 50th anni-versary of its groundbreaking by founder and winemaking pioneer Robert Mondavi. Robert Mondavi embarked on an ambitious venture in 1966 to make our Napa Valley a world class wine region. Mondavi’s winery be-came the first major winery built in the Napa Valley since the repeal of Prohibition in 1933. He carefully selected the historic To Kalon Vineyard as the site for his new winery to showcase the best qualities of Napa grapes and wines. Mondavi selected architect Cliff May to de-sign a winery inspired by California’s historic missions. To enrich visitors’ experience, the family began collecting art to fill the winery, in-cluding many works by the Californian sculptor Beniamino Bufano. The Robert Mondavi Win-ery soon became a cultural landmark in our community, hosting visitors for wine tastings and tours, as well as the first annual Summer Music Festival fundraiser for the Napa Valley Symphony in 1969. The Robert Mondavi Winery has achieved great success in producing high quality wines and advancing the art of winemaking. The winery has been a notable leader in pio-neering environmentally sustainable agricul-tural practices to preserve our valley’s land for future generations. In a testament to its com-mitment to innovation, the Robert Mondavi Winery has worked with NASA to use ad-vanced sensory technology in vineyard man-agement. Moreover, the Robert Mondavi Win-ery has been a generous community partner, providing well-paying jobs to Napans and giv-ing back more than $150 million to local char-ities in our Valley. Mr. Speaker, the Robert Mondavi Winery has been a leading institution in our wine com-munity for the past five decades and will con-tinue to thrive with the dedication and support of its winemakers, owners, and staff. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor the winery here today. f 
PREFACE TO ‘‘THE RESCUE OF THE SARAH D.J. RAWSON’’ 
HON. WALTER B. JONES 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, commencing first in 1848, the United States Life Saving Service was a federal government agency that grew out of private and local humanitarian efforts to create and man rescue stations along the coast. These outposts were often remote. The men stationed there took great pride in their deep commitment to save the lives of ship-wrecked mariners and passengers, often against overwhelming odds. In 1874, life sav-ing stations were added along the coast of Maine, Cape Cod, and the famed Outer Banks of North Carolina. In 1878, this network of sta-tions was formally organized as a separate agency of the United States Department of the Treasury. In 1915, the Service formally merged with the Revenue Cutter Service to form the United States Coast Guard. These lonely, isolated outposts were always manned by the bravest of men who knew no fear, and who were dedicated to their sworn duty of res-cuing seamen in distress. Their motto was ‘‘to always go, but not always return’’. Even now, many stories are told about the daring rescues by such men, some admittedly embellished a bit for literary interest. Proudly beat the hearts today of all who can call themselves their de-scendants. One of the most notable of these rescues occurred on a cold, blustery winter’s night in February of 1905. The three-masted schooner, Sarah D.J. Rawson, two days out of George-town, South Carolina and bound for New York with a cargo of lumber, ‘‘stoved up’’ hard on Cape Lookout Shoals in a heavy winter squall. A complete report of the Rawson rescue ap-pears at: http://www.coastalguide.com/helms-man/rawson-rescue.shtml. The names of the men who were attached to Life Saving Station, Cape Lookout and who participated in this res-cue party were: William H. Gaskill (‘‘Keeper’’), Kilby Guthrie, Walter M. Yeomans (grand-father of the author’s wife), Tyre Moore, John A. Guthrie, James W. Fulcher, John E. Kirkman, Calupt T. Jarvis, and Joseph L. Lewis—some of the bravest sons ever hatched out of Car’tret County homes. Each received a gold medal from the Service in rec-ognition of their heroism in this rescue. During World War II, the U.S. Government made a request of these men to return their gold med-als to support the war effort. The medals have never been reissued to the men or their fami-lies. HISTORY OF SARAH D .J RAWSON RESCUE  The 387-ton, three-masted schooner Sarah D.J. Rawson, with a crew of seven, sailed from Georgetown, SC for New York with a full cargo of lumber on 2 February 1905. While standing under short canvas in a SSE gale at 5:30 PM on the 9th, the vessel strand-ed in the breakers on the south side of Look-out Shoals. She became a total loss. As soon as the schooner struck the master gave or-ders to take in sail. While the crew per-formed this work, a heavy sea swept the decks and carried Jacob Hansen, a Nor-wegian seaman, into the surf He soon dis-appeared. The same sea struck the master and 3 other seamen. Only by the most desperate ef-forts, did they cling to the vessel. The schoo-ner gradually worked onto the shoal and lay somewhat easier. The violent onslaughts of the sea, however, broke over her and soon carried away her boat. Then they swept the fore and aft deckhouses, her deck load of lumber and her spars. Powerless to do any-thing for the vessel, the crew sought refuge in the highest part of the wreck. Their situa-tion appeared to be hopeless. At Cape Lookout (NC) Life-Saving Station, about 9 miles northwest from the vessel, a vigilant lookout had been maintained during the day. A surfman remained constantly on watch while the keeper himself had twice visited the tower during the morning. A thick mantle of fog, however, covered the ocean and shut the doomed vessel from view. At noon, just as the lookout had been re-lieved, the keeper again climbed into the tower and at 12:05 PM, while scanning the sea with the glasses, he caught a glimpse of the schooner’s topmost spars. Knowing from her bearings that she probably was upon the shoal, he immediately called away the life-boat. Every member of the crew promptly re-sponded. Though nearly all the men were ill, there having been an epidemic of influenza at the station, not one shrank from what all knew would be a long and wearisome pull in win-try weather over 18 miles of rough sea. A light southwesterly breeze made for a favor-able wind and allowed the surfmen to make sail. With 8 men at the oars, they were off to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.036 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1127 July 14, 2016 
the wreck within twenty-five minutes. At 4:00 PM they reached the scene of the dis-aster. The schooner lay upon her starboard side in the midst of the breakers. Her bow-sprit, foremast, main topmast, and deck-houses were gone and her stern to mizzen rigging carried away. She was surrounded by wreckage and lumber. This pitching and beating flotsam threatened the safety of the lifeboat and the lives of its crew. Rawson’s six remaining crewmen could be seen by the surfmen. Though the latter repeatedly at-tempted to make their way through the mass of debris, they could get no closer than about 200 yards, when they would be beaten back. The master of the schooner stated that he expected to see the lifeboat pitched end over end in the turbulent sea. This would have occurred, but for the cool and skillful management of the keeper and crew. Night soon came and the life-saving crew anchored near the edge of the breakers. They hoped, that in case of the schooner’s going to pieces, they still might be able to rescue some or all of the sailors. They maintained a vigilant lookout, frequently fending off frag-ments of wreckage that menaced their boat. After midnight, the wind increased in force and hauled to NW. With the weather still thick but much colder, the crew shifted the lifeboat to an anchorage about 500 yards to windward. The keeper stated that he did this so that should conditions worsen, they might be able to weather the shoal and put to sea. Throughout the long, tedious night the surfmen suffered greatly in their open boat from exposure, fatigue, and hunger. The keeper, however, maintained his post. He en-couraged his crew and urged them not to fall asleep. At dawn they returned to the wreck and found that, while her remaining masts had been swept away, a portion of the hull re-mained intact. This enabled the crew to sur-vive the perils of the night. The sea was still running very high and the keeper decided to wait until the tide turned before attempting to rescue the crew. He had rightly judged that conditions would improve. About 1:00 AM the wind and sea moderated and the life-savers pulled to a position about fifty yards to windward of the wreck. Here they an-chored. By veering carefully upon the cable, and steadying the boat with the oars, they dropped in among the breakers and debris, as far as possible, and succeeded in throwing a heaving line on board the schooner. Then one of the seamen bent the line about his waist, jumped into the sea, and was hauled into the lifeboat. His companions followed his exam-ple, and, one by one, all hands were rescued— drenched, chilled, and nearly exhausted, but safe. The surfmen removed their own oil coats and wrapped them about the shipwrecked men. They made the return trip to the sta-tion without mishap, arriving about 5:00 PM. The crew of the Rawson had been forty-eight hours without food or water. The lifesaving crew had spent twenty-eight hours in an open boat without food and their limbs cramped with cold. Lacking room to move about, their bodies ached from maintaining a sitting posture for so long. That the wrecked crew had not succumbed was due to the fact that the vessel lay nearly on her beam ends and afforded them something of a lee from the wintry NW wind. The rescued men were furnished food and shelter at the station. Though there was clothing from the supplies of the Women’s National Relief Association, this stock be-came exhausted. The surfmen supplemented it from their own stores. The master of the Rawson was cared for part of the time by a personal friend at anchor in Lookout Bight. No member of the crew had suffered serious injury, though one seaman was afflicted by an attack of rheumatism and was trans-ported upon a stretcher. On the 12th the rev-enue cutter Seminole arrived in Lookout Bight and the following day she took the crew of the Rawson on board and carried them to Wilmington, NC. The loss of one life at this disaster occurred a very short time after the vessel struck. It was impossible for anyone to lend a helping hand to the drown-ing man as he was carried to his death in the breakers. The keeper discovered the Rawson at the first instant that she became visible at the station. No other eye sighted her, no one but the lifesavers went to the rescue. The ship-wrecked men lost their boat soon after the vessel struck. Not many hours elapsed after the rescue before the vessel broke up and dis-appeared. All hands might have been lost. The fate of the Sarah D. J. Rawson and her crew would never have been known but for the unflinching heroism of the crew of the Cape Lookout Life-Saving Station. Each was subsequently awarded the Gold Lifesaving Medal for extreme and heroic daring in sav-ing life from the perils of the sea. Those awarded for their rescue of the six crewman on Sarah D. J. Rawson included Keeper Wil-liam H Gaskill, Surfmen Kilby Guthrie, Wal-ter M. Yeomans, Tyre Moore, John A. Guth-rie, James W. Fulcher, John E. Kirkman, Calupt T. Jarvis, and former Surfman Joseph L. Lewis. f 
HONORING DALLAS POLICE DE-PARTMENT OFFICER PATRICK ZAMARRIPA 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Dallas Police Officer Patrick Zamarripa. Officer Zamarripa was one of the five dedicated law enforcement officers who were slain during the tragic shooting in Dallas on July 7, 2016. Officer Zamarripa had a long and decorated career serving our nation. Before joining the Dallas Police Department in 2011, Officer Zamarripa served three tours in Iraq as active duty for the U.S. Navy and then an additional 5 years of military service in the reserves. He was the recipient of numerous awards for his years of service, including the National De-fense Service Medal and the Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal. Officer Zamarripa has been described as an individual who has faithfully and honorably served his country. His five years of service with the Dallas Police Department was no dif-ferent and the city lost a great advocate and defender with his passing. It is incredibly heartbreaking for any law en-forcement officer to lose their life. It is just as tragic to learn of the family and friends who those officers will leave behind He was a fam-ily man with a 2-year-old daughter and a 10- year-old stepson. It is hard to imagine the pain and suffering that the family must be experi-encing at this crucial moment. Mr. Speaker, there are no words that can sufficiently describe the loss to the community with each passing. We are all incredibly grate-ful for Officer Zamarripa’s service to our coun-try and courage in the face of adversity, and our thoughts are with the friends and family he left behind. TRIBUTE TO THE REV. DR. FRANK MADISON REID III HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the recent election as Bishop of the African Methodist Episcopal Church of the Rev. Dr. Frank Madison Reid III, the longtime pastor of the historic Bethel A.M.E. Church of Baltimore. Dr. Reid is a beloved member of the Baltimore community who has faithfully led his congregation for more than 28 years. Dr. Reid’s elevation to Bishop in the year of the Church’s 200th anniversary follows the tra-dition of his father and grandfather, who were elected Bishop in 1972 and 1940, respectively. This is the first time in the denomination’s his-tory that members of three generations have been elected to the position. Before his appointment, Dr. Reid earned a Bachelor’s degree in History and African American studies from Yale University in 1974 and a Doctorate from the Harvard Divinity School in 1978. He has previously served con-gregations of the A.M.E. Church in Los Ange-les, California and Charlotte, North Carolina. This past February, Dr. Reid was one of the faith leaders from Baltimore who met with Pope Francis and received his blessing for their work to bring peace and healing to their communities in the wake of the death of Freddie Gray and the ensuing turmoil. Dr. Reid will serve as Bishop with great de-votion and distinction. I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing to him our congratula-tions on his election to this esteemed position and our appreciation for the tireless work he has done on behalf of congregations in Balti-more and throughout our nation. 
f 
HONORING MEMORIAL MEDICAL CENTER IN SPRINGFIELD, ILLI-NOIS 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to congratulate Memorial Med-ical Center in Springfield, Illinois for earning the American Hospital Association’s 2016 McKesson Quest for Quality Prize. The Quest for Quality Prize is the top na-tional honor for healthcare quality and safety. Each year, the American Hospital Association recognizes one hospital in the nation that has excelled in its commitment to reliable, safe, patient-centered care. Since 1970, Memorial Medical Center has been dedicated to exceptional patient care, education, and research. As a teaching hos-pital, Memorial Medical Center has established itself as a leader in training tomorrow’s healthcare professionals, making it a deserv-ing recipient of this year’s award. Memorial Medical Center is the first hospital in Illinois to receive the Quest for Quality Prize, and I know it will continue to serve as one of our state’s most prominent hospitals. I am proud of all those that have helped make Memorial Medical Center the standard for ex-ceptional healthcare in Illinois. Congratulations on this well-deserved distinction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.039 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1128 July 14, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO PAUL USHER FOR HIS OUTSTANDING SERVICE AS PRESIDENT AND CEO OF MARION GENERAL HOSPITAL 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Paul Usher on the occa-sion of his retirement. From 2008 to 2016, Paul has served as President and CEO of Marion General Hospital in Marion, Indiana. In his eight years as the system’s President, Paul has demonstrated an unwavering com-mitment to superior patient care and ensuring Marion General Hospital’s growth and suc-cess. The people of Indiana’s Fifth Congres-sional District are forever grateful for Paul’s dedication to making Marion General Hospital a great place to work, practice medicine, and receive exceptional health care. Before taking the role as President and CEO at Marion General, Paul had a long his-tory of devoting his time to bettering the lives of Hoosiers and improving his community. Paul is a native of Marion, Indiana and grad-uated from Ball State University where he earned a Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting. Shortly after graduating he received a Certified Public Accountant certificate and quickly emerged to be a leader within the financial community. He became a member of both the American Institute of Certified Public Account-ants and the Indiana CPA Society. Paul’s am-bition and passion led him to continue growing in his role in the financial world and his exper-tise led him to the healthcare field. He became a Fellow of the American College of Healthcare Executives (FACHE), the nation’s leading professional society for healthcare leaders, as well as a Fellow of the Healthcare Financial Management Association (HFMA), the nation’s leading membership organization for healthcare financial management execu-tives and leaders, which he has been a mem-ber of for nearly 44 years and previously served as President of the Indiana Chapter. Though Paul has an extensive and impres-sive background, his most notable accomplish-ments are connected to his work at Marion General Hospital. For 34 years, he has been an integral part of making Marion General the successful organization it is today. Prior to tak-ing the role as CEO and President in 2008, Paul served the healthcare system as Chief Financial Officer. Throughout his tenure at the helm of the longtime community institution, Paul has emphasized relationships as the hos-pital’s key to success. This emphasis cul-tivated a culture of exceptional patient care and made it a wonderful place to work. In 2012, Marion General Hospital received the prestigious honor as a Fire Starter hospital from the Studer Group. A Fire Starter hospital is one which ignites the flame of excellence by embracing the foundational principles of work-ing together, developing relationships, caring for one another and extending true compas-sion to others. Since its beginning in 1896, Marion General Hospital has grown immensely and because of strong leadership from people like Paul, the hospital continues to provide ex-ceptional healthcare to the people of Grant County over a century later. Paul’s commitment to the highest standard of care and success as a leader has not gone unnoticed; he has received numerous acco-lades. Most notably, Paul was awarded the Sagamore of the Wabash (2016) for his ex-ceptional leadership, devotion to his organiza-tion, and making significant contributions to the great Hoosier state. He also received the Stanley A. Pressler Award from the Indiana Healthcare Financial Management Associa-tion, the most honorable award bestowed by the Indiana HFMA chapter. Paul has devoted himself to attaining the vi-sion he set out for the hospital when he began his career with Marion General, and over the past several years he has achieved that vi-sion. He leaves behind a strong legacy at Marion General Hospital and throughout the Hoosier community, especially Grant County. On behalf of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional Dis-trict, I’d like to congratulate Paul on his re-markable career and extend a huge thank you for all of the wonderful contributions he has made to Marion General Hospital and the Grant County Community. I wish the very best to Paul and his wife, Marsha, as he enjoys a well-deserved retirement. 
f 
HONORING BEST BUY’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Best Buy’s 50th anniversary. Through these 50 years, Best Buy has shown leader-ship, community service, and entrepreneurship in Minnesota and beyond. Best Buy was started in 1966 by Richard M. Schulze. Mr. Schulze is a Minnesota native and former member of the Minnesota Air Na-tional Guard in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Mr. Schulze started Best Buy with four employees, less than $11,000 in capital, and with the sole experience of selling electronics at his father’s company. At that time the store offered al-bums, audio cassettes, stereo components, speakers and musical instruments. In just four years Best Buy, then called ‘‘Sound of Music’’, accumulated $1 million in annual revenue. Since then Best Buy has been growing its company by updating retail technology, expanding all over the country, ex-panding recycle efforts and providing teen-agers with access to technology. Best Buy has also been generous in its phil-anthropic work and diligent in its efforts to pro-tect the environment. In 1994 the Best Buy Children’s Foundation was established and that same year they raised over $107,000. Since then they have had annual charities that raise millions of dollars in order to give under- served youth access to technology. Best Buy has collected and recycled over 1 billion pounds of e-waste and has decreased its car-bon footprint by more than 25 percent since 2009. Overall Best Buy has given over $50 million and over 140,000 volunteer hours to Minnesota non-profits. Not only has Best Buy done extensive char-ity work but they also educate teens through their national Teen Tech Centers. These Teen Tech Centers are a space for teens to use new technologies like music and video produc-tions, photography, design and programming. Through these Teen Tech Centers 1,800 teens have completed educational workshops and 94 percent of the attendees will continue their education post high school. Over the years, Best Buy has employed over 1 million people, including 10,000 Minnesotans, through its 1,600 North American stores and online sales. Best Buy is North America’s number one re-tailer of consumer technology and other re-lated services. I wish Best Buy all the best in their future endeavors. f 
A CAREER OF SERVICE TO OTHERS 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ruth Flower, the 2016 recipient of the Coalition on Human Needs’ Hero award for her outstanding work fighting against pov-erty and for peace and justice. As a Human Needs Hero, Ruth is joining an esteemed group of individuals who go above and beyond to fight for the dignity and quality of life of all people. In her numerous inter-actions with my office, it was clear Ruth has a passion for helping others, and is a truly ex-traordinary advocate for those in need. During Ruth’s career as Associate Executive Secretary for Legislative Programs at the Friends Committee on National Legislation (FCNL), Ruth enjoyed meeting with lawmakers from both sides of the aisle and with a wide array of viewpoints. She would leave no stone unturned in her efforts to find the necessary resources for those who needed them most. For example, in my Congressional District, Ruth’s worked with me to dramatically improve the lives of students attending the Bug-O-Nay- Ge-Shig school, which is in desperate need of renovation. Ruth’s advocacy helped build sup-port in Congress and the Administration for funding for a new school. I am so pleased to say that after years of tireless efforts by many, including yours truly, students from the Leech Lake Reservation will no longer have to attend class in a drafty, unsafe, and hazardous pole building. In addition to advocating for Native Amer-ican concerns, Ruth led efforts to address a wide range of our shared priorities, including health care reform, affordable housing, federal budget priorities, civil liberties, campaign fi-nance reform, and the challenge of poverty in the U.S. Mr. Speaker, please join me and others in congratulating Ruth on her receipt of the Human Needs Hero award as we thank her for her tireless work at FCNL to improve the lives of all-too-often underrepresented seg-ments of our society. 
f 
REMEMBERING WALTER BIALEK 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor and remembrance of Walter J. Bialek— beloved family man, friend and religious men-tor to many. Mr. Bialek passed from this life 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.043 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1129 July 14, 2016 
on September 3, 2009. As we celebrate Flag Day, it is fitting to recall the contributions made by American citizens. Mr. Bialek’s son, Joe, has requested recognition of his father’s contributions to his community of Cleveland, Ohio. Thus, I submit the following recognition from Joe Bialek honoring his father. Mr. Bialek’s memory beats strong in the hearts of his family and his son offers a moving tribute to his father: ‘‘Walter Bialek grew up in the area of Saint Hyacinth in what is now considered a part of the Slavic Village neighborhood in Northeast Ohio. Born in a house next door to the con-vent that housed many nuns of the Order of the Sisters of Saint Joseph, he always spoke very reverently of them about how much he appreciated the values they, along with his parents, helped to instill in him. ‘‘Mr. Bialek graduated from East Tech High School in 1936 and earned a diploma with an emphasis in electricity. He was drafted into the Army-Air Forces in 1941 and served as a Staff Sergeant. At one time he was ordered off a troop truck headed for overseas combat in order to teach twin engine aircraft training to fighter/bomber pilots. Through this he contributed greatly to the defense of liberty and the preservation of all those freedoms we enjoy today. After the war Mr. Bialek was offered a player contract from the Cleveland Indians baseball team but, on the advice of his father, declined it because he did not want to play on Sundays. He worked briefly for the Indians as a Territorial Scout (and kept the business card to prove it.) In 1950, he married Eileen C. Moran. Together they raised six children. Walter Bialek pursued an engineering career starting with Thompson Products—the T in TRW—and culminating in his retirement from the General Motors Chev-rolet Plant in Parma, Ohio after 26 years of service. Throughout, he was active in the Third Order of Saint Francis. ‘‘We join his family and friends in honor and remembrance of Walter J. Bialek, beloved husband of Eileen; beloved father of Mary, Pa-tricia, Eileen, John, Alice and Joseph. He was also the adoring grandfather of Matthew, Chad, Katie, Kimberly, Timothy, Colleen, Tif-fany, Nathan, Mark, John, John Jr., Daniel, Andrew, Elizabeth, Steven and Teresa. ‘‘Mr. Bialek’s devout life was defined by his deep dedication to family and friends, and his exceptional faith in the Catholic Church. His strong spirit, integrity, energy and good works have served to uplift the lives of countless in-dividuals, families—and the communities in which he resided.’’ 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE VOTE BY MAIL ACT OF 2016 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today I am introducing the Vote By Mail Act of 2016. The individual right to vote is the foundation of our government, and making sure that all Americans have the ability to exercise that right is critical to the democratic process. My home state of Oregon is a leader in innovative voting rights policy, and this legislation pro-vides a pathway for the federal government to follow Oregon’s model program. Too many Americans around the country face extreme barriers to registering to vote and casting a ballot. Many voters often have work, family, or other commitments that make getting to polls and waiting in line on Election Day difficult or impossible. Many citizens with disabilities are physically unable to vote due to long lines, inadequate parking, no curb cuts, steep ramps, and large crowds. In 2012, 30 percent of voters with disabilities had difficulty voting, and more than 5,000,000 voters waited for more than an hour to cast a vote. Polling stations in rural jurisdictions tend to have high-er costs per voter, smaller staffs, and limited resources. Additionally, transportation to the polls is often a difficult barrier for rural voters. Despite these impediments, many of these voters are not permitted to vote by mail in many states. Fortunately, a handful of states are addressing this problem, and three states currently hold elections entirely by mail. It’s time to bring this policy to scale in all federal elections. The benefits of voting by mail are numerous and well-documented. Voting by mail gives voters more time to consider their choices, which is especially important due to the ex-panded use of the initiative and referendum process in many states. Voting by mail is cost- effective. As shown in Oregon and Colorado, the cost of conducting vote by mail elections is generally one-third to one-half less than conducting polling place elections. Allowing all voters the option to vote by mail can reduce waiting times for those voters who choose to vote at the polls. Vote by mail also typically in-creases turn out in all elections, but can be particularly effective in increasing voter partici-pation in special elections and primary elec-tions. The Vote By Mail Act of 2016 legislation would require states to mail ballots to all reg-istered voters in federal elections, eliminating barriers to the ballot—saving states and local governments money and saving voters time and stress across the country. Another crucial component of a modern vot-ing system is making it easy, affordable, and accessible to register to vote, further multi-plying the positive voter participation effects of a vote by mail system. Eighteen states and the District of Columbia introduced automatic voter registration legislation in 2015, and Or-egon and California now automatically register their citizens to vote when they apply for a driver’s license. Automatic, permanent voter registration has the potential to increase par-ticipation, protect election integrity, and reduce registration costs. This legislation would follow the Oregon example, register millions of eligi-ble voters at little cost, and widely increase participation in American democracy. There is no better time to seamlessly ex-pand voter registration and provide more op-tions for Americans to vote, and the stakes have never been higher. 
f 
ONE YEAR OF THE DANGEROUS IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, one year ago, the President announced the framework of the dangerous Iran nuclear deal. In the past year, Iran continues to grow more hostile, threatening American families and our allies in the Middle East, especially Israel by testing intercontinental ballistic missiles. What’s more, Iran has ordered its military to produce ICBMs that are capable of reaching more targets—Europe and even the Untied States. And they hatefully chant ‘‘Death to America, Death to Israel’’. We should not make it easier for a rogue state to threaten American families and our al-lies by ignoring reality and offering more con-cessions to a regime which oppresses their great people. I appreciate that House Repub-licans have done everything we can to exer-cise oversight over the implementation of the dangerous agreement. This week, we passed legislation that would prevent the U.S. from purchasing heavy water from Iran and would deny the despots access to the dollar. We also passed the Iran Accountability Act of 2016, which holds Iran accountable for their ballistic missile violations and their human rights abuses against their citizens. In conclusion, God Bless Our Troops and may the President by his actions never forget September 11th in the Global War on Ter-rorism. f 
HONORING IDAHO POWER’S 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Idaho Power on its 100 year an-niversary. For 100 years, Idaho Power has provided the electricity that fuels the economy, powers lives and makes southern Idaho and eastern Oregon more comfortable places to live. Founded August 1, 1916, when five compa-nies merged, Idaho Power initially served 18,000 customers. Today, the company has approximately 2,000 dedicated employees who serve over 520,000 customers in a 24,000-square-mile area. Idaho Power is one of a few investor-owned electric utilities with a primarily hydroelectric generating base. One hundred years ago, Idaho Power relied solely on power produced by nine hydro-electric plants along the Snake River to meet customers’ energy needs. Today, the com-pany’s generation resource mix comes from 17 hydroelectric power plants, three natural gas-fired plants and three jointly-owned coal- fired plants. The newest addition, Langley Gulch, is a natural gas-fired plant that began production in July 2012. Idaho Power also pur-chases renewable energy such as wind, solar and geothermal from independent power pro-ducers. From fish conservation efforts to raptor pro-tection to watershed management, Idaho Power has a rich legacy of caring for the land and rivers in its service area. The company also operates and maintains over 50 rec-reational facilities along the Snake River, pro-viding outdoor activities to visitors from around the world. Idaho Power supports the communities it serves through employee volunteerism, cor-porate donations and community sponsor-ships. The company also enables the success 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.044 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1130 July 14, 2016 
of students through scholarships and edu-cational programs. As Idaho Power begins its next 100 years, it will continue balancing the needs of share-holders, customers and its workforce while protecting the natural resources of Idaho and Oregon. 
f 
HONORING THE NATIONAL ORGA-NIZATION OF BLACK LAW EN-FORCEMENT EXECUTIVES 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and praise the countless contribu-tions of the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives (NOBLE). NOBLE was founded in 1976 during to ad-dress ways to reduce crime in low-income areas. NOBLE’s mission of ensuring equity in the administration of justice in the provision of public service to all communities is aligned with the work that we undertake here in the Congress of the United States. NOBLE prides itself on being the con-science of law enforcement as they are com-mitted to Justice by Action. The organization has nearly 60 chapters and represents over 3,000 members worldwide that represent chief executive officers and command-level law en-forcement officials from federal, state, county, municipal law enforcement agencies and criminal justice practitioners. I applaud the work NOBLE undertakes. Of particular note is the specific focus on serving more than 60,000 youth through its major pro-gram components including Mentoring, Edu-cation, Leadership Development, and Safety. Law enforcement officers have a unique place and role in our society. Charged with keeping order and maintaining the peace, at times, the balance between personal rights and the duty of law enforcement officers is called into question. But, I cannot imagine a society without the presence of our esteemed law enforcement officers who protect and serve every day. Every day, our law enforcement officers place their lives at risk to protect others. As they celebrate 40 years of service, we honor them for their public service, a selfless com-mitment to our communities, their tireless ef-forts to ensure our safety, and their unique role in the maintenance of the rule of law in our nation. 
f 
WELLES DECLARATION 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the anniversary of the Welles Dec-laration, a diplomatic statement that helped shape U.S. policy in Europe for more than 50 years. In the summer of 1940, the Soviet Union in an effort to expand its oppressive regime in-vaded the Baltic States of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia. This was part of the Molotov-Rib-bentrop Pact the Soviets signed with Nazi Germany. After the Red Army overran the Bal-tics the Soviets imprisoned the nations’ polit-ical leaders and oversaw rigged elections. The new puppet governments immediately peti-tioned to join the Soviet Union. Any voices of opposition were suppressed and more than 100,000 citizens were deported from the Baltic States to Soviet camps. In light of these horrific events Secretary of State Sumner Welles issued a statement con-demning the Soviet occupation of Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia, as well as refusing to rec-ognize the annexation of the Soviet Republics on July 23, 1940. The Baltic States maintained independent diplomatic missions, including here in Washington, DC. Every American President from 1940 through the independ-ence of the Baltics in 1990 and 1991 sup-ported the principles set forth in the Welles Declaration. The principles of the Welles Declaration still hold true today. We must stand against Rus-sia’s aggression toward its neighbors, includ-ing our NATO allies in the Baltics, and their occupation of areas of Ukraine. I commend America’s stand against Soviet aggression during the Cold War and hope we will stand strongly for freedom today. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I was not re-corded for the following Roll Call vote on July 12, 2016 and would like to reflect that I would have voted as follows: Roll call Number 409: NO. 
f 
GUN SAFETY LEGISLATION 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, the Majority shouldn’t be rushing to leave town. We should be acting to combat the gun violence epidemic that’s tearing apart our country. Guns have devastated communities all across the coun-try, whether it’s a place of worship, a hospital, or even an elementary school. What were once sanctuaries have all too often become shooting galleries. We all watched just days ago as a peaceful protest in the wonderful city of Dallas turned deadly as a gunman ambushed and murdered police officers in the deadliest attack on law enforcement in the U.S. since 9/11. No com-munity should have to go through such horror. This is another tragic reminder of the dan-gers posed by easy access to weapons de-signed to kill. It should forever refute one of the most pervasive talking points from the gun lobby, that the only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun. Law enforce-ment across the country make sacrifices every single day to keep us safe. But even an entire police force cannot prevent the tragedy caused by a madman determined to use a weapon of war in our communities. Mr. Speaker, the sad reality is that 91 peo-ple are killed by a gun every single day in America. Since Sandy Hook, there have been close to a thousand mass shootings. This has left our nation in a state of perpetual mourning with the constant fear that when our loved ones leave the house, we may never see them again. But despite this, the Majority has bowed to the pressure of the gun lobby again and again and failed to take up any meaningful reforms to combat gun violence. During the sit-in, we made a commitment to the American people that despite the Majority’s inaction, we would keep fighting. The public remains united in de-manding action. We’re asking for votes on two bills that make good sense, one of which may have helped prevent the tragedy in Dallas. People must be astounded to hear that some-one on the terrorist watch list cannot fly but still buy a gun. But instead of taking up these bills, the Majority is running for the exits to begin a nearly two month recess. It’s shame-ful. f 
HONORING MR. DAVID GRABILL 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of David Grabill, who passed away on June 9, 2016, after 74 remarkable years. Mr. Grabill led a long and successful career in law and social justice advocacy, and worked hard to ensure that disadvantaged members of our community had access to top notch legal representation. He completed his Bachelor of Arts in Political Science at Yale University, before earning his Juris Doctor from the University of Pennsylvania School of Law. Over the course of a diverse and illustrious career, Mr. Grabill earned admission to the bar for the District of Columbia, Indiana, Cali-fornia, West Virginia, and the Ogallala Sioux Tribe. In these different jurisdictions, Mr. Grabill worked to ensure that our country’s promise of equal justice under the law was not just an ideal, but a reality. He regularly rep-resented victims of housing discrimination in both federal and state courts, and also rep-resented Native American tribes and interests in Escondido, California. Many of Mr. Grabill’s cases led to major pol-icy changes to better support the interests of disadvantaged groups. While working in West Virginia, Mr. Grabill successfully led the law-suit that overturned West Virginia’s unconstitu-tional ban on abortion, allowing the state’s first women’s health center to open and provide safe and legal abortion services. The case Sonoma County Housing Now v. City of Healdsburg, settled in 1989, resulted in zoning for 500 new apartments and updated policies to encourage affordable housing development. Thanks to Mr. Grabill’s work on another case, the City of Santa Rosa agreed to plan for 3000 additional affordable housing units and to build the 80–bed Samuel Jones homeless shelter. Mr. Grabill co-founded the Sonoma County Housing Advocacy Group, which fights for more local affordable housing development 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.047 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1131 July 14, 2016 
and represents low-income individuals seeking housing. He also served on the Board of Di-rectors for the Sonoma County Chapter of the ACLU from 1996 until 2003 and on the Execu-tive Board of the Accountable Development Coalition from 2005 until 2010. Mr. Speaker, David Grabill was a generous person and a fierce advocate for those less fortunate, and therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. RAY MARVIN KECK III 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Ray Marvin Keck III was born in San Antonio, Texas to Mr. Ray Keck and Mrs. Joyce Keck. Dr. Keck grew up in Cotulla, Texas but considers La-redo to be his hometown. He attended The Texas Military Academy and went on to earn an AB and a PhD in Romantic Languages and Literature from Princeton University. Beyond that, Dr. Keck studied at Harvard Divinity School, the National Autonomous University of Mexico, the Center of Hispanic Studies in Ma-drid, and the German Summer School. Dr. Keck began his teaching career at the Hotchkiss School in Connecticut in 1970. He then joined the Texas A&M International Uni-versity (TAMIU) faculty in 1979, and went on to become a professor, department chair, pro-vost and the university’s longest-serving presi-dent. Under his leadership, TAMIU has dou-bled its enrollment and serves a higher per-centage Hispanic population than any college or university in the country. Under his adminis-tration, the university has improved with the upgrade of the Lamar Bruni Vergara Plane-tarium, the creation of the Senator Judith Zaffirini Student Success Center, and the cre-ation of the Texas Academy of International STEM Studies. During Dr. Keck’s tenure as TAMIU presi-dent, the university has been consistently rec-ognized in rankings by Washington Monthly Money Magazine, and The Economist for pro-viding a high value education for its students. Dr. Keck has received many awards and hon-ors recognizing his advocacy of higher edu-cation, promotion of art and culture, study of the riches of the Spanish language, and his devotion to advancing his hometown, Laredo. In May 2016, Dr. Keck was named the interim president at the Texas A&M University-Com-merce. Dr. Ray Keck is a devoted husband to his wife, Patricia Cigarroa Keck and father of three daughters Teresa, Joyce, and Lacey, who is no longer with us. He is a proud grand-father of Adam and Laila. Dr. Keck is also an accomplished organist, having performed as a guest artist with the Laredo Philharmonic Or-chestra and others around the nation. He is the author of Love’s Dialectic: Mimesis and Al-legory in the Romances of Lope de Vega and supports the need for a comprehensive, dual- language program for all students in Texas schools. CONGRATULATING THE 2016 USA RHYTHMIC GYMNASTICS OLYM-PIC TEAM HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize six talented young women from the Tenth Congressional District of Illinois who have been selected to represent our country in the rhythmic gymnastics group competition at the upcoming 2016 Summer Olympics. Monica Rokhman, Jennifer Rokhman, Nat-alie McGiffert, Kiana Eide, Alisa Kano and Kristen Shaldybin will be departing for Rio de Janeiro, Brazil this August to compete for Team USA. Our community is proud of their hard work as members of the North Shore Rhythmic Gymnastics Center, and I commend them on all of their recent achievements. Mr. Speaker, I am very excited to watch this dedicated group of young women compete and look forward to celebrating all of their suc-cess. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE BOEING COM-PANY’S 100TH ANNIVERSARY ON JULY 15, 2016 
HON. MATT SALMON 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. SALMON. Mr. Speaker, today I wish to pay tribute to a highly respected American company: The Boeing Company. This July marks 100 years since William E. Boeing founded the business after he turned a small building he bought in Lake Union, Washington into a combined factory and seaplane hangar. In its centennial year, Boeing continues to prosper as the world’s largest aerospace com-pany and the largest manufacturing exporter in the United States. Today I wish to congratu-late the company on its 100th anniversary. Most people know Boeing for its long tradi-tion in aerospace initiative and innovation, but behind its reputation is a corporation fueled by a legendary American entrepreneur and engi-neer: William E. Boeing. William E. Boeing experienced many set-backs before becoming successful. In fact, when Boeing was only 22 years old, he dropped out of Yale. Even though it was risky, he moved to Washington to start in the log-ging business on land that he had inherited. Although Boeing started to buy more timberland and gain more wealth for his fam-ily, he was never cut out for the meticulous, reserved life of a logger. As he continued his logging business, he decided to attend an aviation meet in Los An-geles in 1910. At the meet, he became en-thralled with airplanes and tried to get a ride on one of the boxy airplanes, but had no suc-cess. In 1914, flier Terah Maroney brought a Curtiss-type hydroplane with him when he vis-ited Boeing and his friend, U.S. Navy Lieuten-ant G. Conrad Westervelt. The pair took turns riding with Maroney above Lake Washington and after a few turns, the two realized that they could build a better airplane. On July 15, 1916, William Boeing incor-porated the Pacific Aero Products Company and just four months later, Boeing and Westervelt had the first test flight of their first plane. The seaplane/biplane was the Bluebill, B&W Model 1. The plane flew 900 feet, mark-ing the beginning of the largest aerospace company in the world. One year later, the company was renamed Boeing Airplane Com-pany. Boeing helped America get through the hard times. During the Great Depression, the com-pany and other airlines formed the United Air-lines to provide continent-wide U.S. air serv-ice. In World War II, Boeing provided planes that helped the Allies defeat the Axis power. Today, they help America through yet another battle: the War on Terror. To fight the War on Terror, Boeing supplies us with a number of tools for our defense. One of these great tools is the AH–64 Apache Helicopter. Entering service with the United States Army in 1984, the AH–64 Apache Heli-copter is the primary multirole combat heli-copter for the U.S. Army and for a growing number of our allies’ defense forces. The Apache was built to fight our enemies during the day or night in adverse weather conditions and challenging battlefields. These helicopters have been used in Oper-ation Desert Storm, Operation Anaconda, and continue to be used for peacekeeping oper-ations in order to fight terrorism around the world. I am honored that Boeing uses its plant in Mesa, Arizona, to produce these revolu-tionary fighting helicopters for America’s de-fense. The company has had a tremendous impact both nationally and globally, and this impact is seen in Arizona. In my state, the Boeing Com-pany works with 387 businesses and supports 46,000 employees with 3,851 of those being direct employees. Boeing has also given mil-lions in charitable contributions to our state and has created jobs and economic oppor-tunity while working to create the world’s most advanced and innovative aerospace products and services. Today, the Boeing Company continues its success under the leadership of Chairman, President, and CEO Dennis A. Muilenburg. Passion and competence hold this venerable company together, while innovation drives it further. As the company celebrates its centen-nial year, the passion and spirit of William E. Boeing lives on as Boeing continues its long tradition of leadership and innovation in aero-space. May it have one hundred more. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE MEDICAID IMD EXCLUSION 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act and remove the exclusion of cov-erage for services in institutions of mental dis-eases (IMD) under Medicaid. This legislation will enable more Americans who suffer from severe substance use disorders (SUD) to gain equal access to the treatment necessary to their long-term recovery. Substance use disorder plagues the United States both socially and economically. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.052 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1132 July 14, 2016 
cost of substance abuse and drug addiction to our health care system totals $705 billion an-nually and the human costs of this disease are nothing short of devastating for many Amer-ican families. Providing health care services and treat-ment resources to those who suffer from sub-stance abuse is critical. However, millions of Americans who need treatment go without services each year. This shortfall is a symp-tom of outdated policy that limits the avail-ability of substance use disorder services, par-ticularly for those who require residential care to address their addictions. Under current law, Medicaid beneficiaries are barred access to community-based resi-dential treatment for severe conditions due to the IMD exclusion that prohibits reimburse-ment care of patients at facilities with more than 16 beds. This nonsensical exclusion has effectively deterred facilities from serving those in dire need of care. Mr. Speaker, my legislation addresses this problem by eliminating the IMD exclusion and allowing those who suffer from severe addic-tion to have equal access to treatment and be-come productive members of society. It will also reduce the social and economic con-sequences associated with substance abuse. I encourage my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this bill and addressing a devastating problem affecting far too many communities across the nation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WANDA RAE POW-ELL OF DANVERS, ILLINOIS RE-CIPIENT OF THE CONGRES-SIONAL GOLD MEDAL 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to honor Wanda Rae Powell, a cadet vol-unteer in the Civil Air Patrol during World War II, for receiving the Congressional Gold Medal. Wanda Rae Powell was raised in Towanda, Illinois and had a love for aviation for as long as she can remember. As a child, Wanda’s heroes included Amelia Earhart and Charles Lindbergh. Upon moving to Bell, California in 1944, Wanda served as a volunteer cadet in the Civil Air Patrol while still attending high school. As a cadet, she studied silhouettes of military airplanes and learned to salute, march, and drill. In the summer of 1945, Wanda served in a factory overseeing the manufacture of military life jackets. After graduating from high school, Wanda returned to Illinois and attended Illinois State University, known as Illinois State Normal Uni-versity at the time, where she studied Home Economics. Because of a teaching shortage in 1949, Wanda earned an emergency teaching degree and taught in Central Illinois before re-turning to finish her degree at Illinois State. After receiving her degree in 1955, Wanda continued to serve the Central Illinois commu-nity by teaching at Danvers High School. Addi-tionally, she served our community as a Brokaw Hospital volunteer, a Brownie Girl Scout leader, and in the Parent Teachers As-sociation. I am honored, today, to recognize Wanda for receiving the Congressional Gold Medal. Since the age of seventeen, she has shown what it means to be a true American, serving her country in the Armed Forces, as an edu-cator, and community volunteer. On behalf of the 18th District, I would like to thank her for her service, and wish her my sincerest con-gratulations on this much deserved award. f 
GUN VIOLENCE 
HON. SUSAN A. DAVIS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, two issues have been plaguing communities across the nation: gun violence and excessive force by police. Make no mistake, these are very separate issues. They’re problems that people in my district care deeply about and that deserve to be addressed in their own right. But both of these are urgent crises that are making our communities less safe. These issues deserve action here in Con-gress, but they’ll both take much more than that. Solving these issues won’t just happen in this House, it’s a discussion that needs to happen in every house across America. It will require us to come together and really listen to each other, to understand things from a perspective that many of us haven’t experi-enced. Many of us will never know what it’s like to lose someone to gun violence, just as many of us don’t know what it’s like to have to sit your kids down and explain to them that they need to be careful because they won’t necessarily be treated fairly by law enforcement. Addressing these two issues will take a level of empathy and cooperation that, frankly, we haven’t seen a lot of in Washington lately. And it will take a will to act. These are complicated problems, with no single, simple solution, but that shouldn’t stop us from trying. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Vote 451, I voted No. I intended to vote Aye. 
f 
A COMMUNITY APPROACH TO CURBING THE OPIOID CRISIS 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the hard-working medical profes-sionals and law enforcement staff of Morrison County for their successful work in the fight against opioid abuse. The fight against the epidemic is centered at the St. Gabriel’s Hospital in Little Falls, Min-nesota, where a collaborative care team fo-cuses on the unique needs of patients to help them on their individual roads to recovery. Recently, I was pleased to host the leaders of the collaborative care team at a briefing here in Washington, so that they could share best-practices with Congressional staff. Their comprehensive model for dealing with the cri-sis focuses on the causes of opioid addiction and utilizes systems like Minnesota’s Prescrip-tion Monitoring Program to prevent the over-prescribing of pain medication. St. Gabriel’s approach involves the entire community and creating healing, holistic partnerships between heath care providers and the community based on self-determination, safety and re-spect. I ask my colleagues in Congress to join me in recognizing the dedicated professionals at St. Gabriel’s for their outstanding work which has reclaimed and saved so many precious lives. f 
S. 524, COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT 
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I voted to support the Conference Report accompanying S. 524, the Comprehensive Addiction and Re-covery Act. Although I support this critical leg-islative effort to begin fighting back against the opioid abuse and addiction crisis that has swept our country, there is much more work to be done to combat this epidemic. Passing this bill is encouraging, but it is only a first step. Unfortunately, many of the programs laid out in the legislation are not supported by the funding necessary to be fully effective. To achieve any measure of success, we must en-sure that health care and treatment providers have the resources they need to effectively curtail opioid abuse and addiction, including robust funding and educational support for state and local initiatives. I ask my colleagues that we build on the progress made today and work to provide adequate funding and support to those who care for our communities and constituents as we address this enormous challenge. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA MOTOR TRUCK ASSOCIATION PRESIDENT JIM RUNK 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Jim Runk, President of the Pennsylvania Motor Truck Association (PMTA). Jim will be retiring from the PMTA on July 20, 2016, after 44 years of service to the association, the last 25 as its president. As a leading transportation advocate in my home state, Jim’s voice, presence, and thoughtful guidance will be deeply missed, but he leaves behind an indelible mark on the trucking in-dustry of Pennsylvania and the country. Jim began working for the PMTA in 1972 after serving in the U.S. Army, and became 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.056 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1133 July 14, 2016 
the association’s fifth president in 1991. Dur-ing that time, over four decades of service, Jim and the PMTA have worked on behalf of the Pennsylvania trucking industry, fighting to preserve and strengthen the industry, and pro-tect and promote its jobs. Whether that meant impacting legislation before the Pennsylvania General Assembly, or marching through the halls of Congress to meet with members and staff of the Pennsylvania delegation, Jim and the PMTA’s voices were always respected. Without question, during my time representing the 9th Congressional District of Pennsylvania, and serving as Chairman of the House Trans-portation and Infrastructure Committee, Jim has been the face of trucking and a trusted advisor on the safe and efficient operations of the industry. Mr. Speaker, it has been a privilege to work with Jim, and I thank him for his decades of service to the PMTA. While he will be truly missed, the Pennsylvania trucking industry will be forever grateful for his tireless leadership and service on their behalf. I wish Jim and his wife Linda the very best in whatever their fu-tures may hold. 
f 
URGING IMMEDIATE REAUTHOR-IZATION OF THE RARE PEDI-ATRIC DISEASE PRIORITY RE-VIEW VOUCHER PROGRAM 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge immediate reauthorization of the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher Program before it expires at the end of this fis-cal year. Simply put, this program has proven to save the lives of children. My colleague and dear friend from North Carolina, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , and I have introduced legislation that would make it permanent. Last July, thanks to the leadership of Committee on En-ergy and Commerce Chairman F
RED UPTON  and his staff and advocates like Nancy Good-man, who is the founder and Executive Direc-tor of Kids v. Cancer, this Chamber passed an amended version of this initiative as part of H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act. This pro-gram is a crucial incentive—in addition to the Orphan Drug Act—for drug manufacturers to make the significant investment in developing therapies for rare pediatric diseases, including pediatric cancers and lysosomal storage dis-orders. When we were considering H.R. 6 last July and again in recognition of National Neuro-blastoma Awareness Day last September, I came to this Floor to speak about the positive impact the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Re-view Voucher Program has had on children with neuroblastoma. Because of the limited market incentives available prior to the cre-ation of the program, biopharmaceutical com-panies had been unwilling to risk investing in research and development for a therapy that treats this extremely rare and devastating pe-diatric cancer. The Rare Pediatric Disease Pri-ority Review Voucher Program proved to be the necessary incentive for United Thera-peutics to satisfy this unmet need with the de-velopment of Unituxin. In March 2015, this therapy received Food and Drug Administra-tion (‘‘FDA’’) approval for children with high- risk neuroblastoma. Unituxin was the first drug that FDA approved for this condition and only the second FDA-approved therapy for pedi-atric cancer. Upon its approval, FDA awarded Unituxin the second voucher from this pro-gram. As the chairman of the Childhood Cancer Caucus, I recognize the importance of this therapy to the community, especially to chil-dren like four-year-old Rex Ryan from Austin in the 10th District of Texas. Diagnosed with high-risk neuroblastoma at 17 months old, Rex’s parents Leslie and Casey enrolled him in the clinical trial for Unituxin at Children’s Blood and Cancer Center at Dell Children’s Medical Center of Central Texas in Austin. Rex is a neuroblastoma survivor because of this new drug, which would not have been de-veloped without the voucher program. After witnessing the direct impact Unituxin has had on Rex and his parents, it would be uncon-scionable for Congress to allow this program to expire. As I have previously described, the hope afforded by the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher Program extends to other conditions as well. Nearly two years ago, I came to this Floor to speak about the value of the program just after BioMarin Pharmaceuticals sold the first voucher from this program for $67.5 million, which the company immediately reinvested to build a clinical laboratory on its campus in San Rafael, California. The laboratory is a critical component of its development of a gene ther-apy platform for hemophilia A, which is show-ing promising early data in eight patients. BioMarin received this first voucher for devel-oping a therapy for Morquio A syndrome, which is also known as mucopolysaccharidosis (‘‘MPS’’) type IV. Un-fortunately for the millions of children affected by one of the nearly 7,000 rare diseases with-out a treatment, such as several of the other types and subtypes of MPS, including Sanfilippo syndrome and Sly syndrome, poli-tics have hampered Senate negotiations on its larger innovation package, which is putting the program in jeopardy. Patients like eight-year-old Beckett Weldon, who is from Cypress in the 10th District of Texas, cannot afford for Congress to allow this program to lapse. Beckett suffers from SYNGAP1-related intellectual disability, which is an ultra-rare and severely disabling, genetic neurological disorder. Approximately two-thirds of the children with this condition have some form of epilepsy. Other symptoms include hypotonia, behavioral disorders, language im-pairment, and oral dyspraxia. Beckett began his four-year diagnostic odyssey at 4 months old, when he began missing milestones his twin sister Pyper was meeting. After visiting 19 specialists and several diagnostic tests, Beckett received his diagnosis. Only recently identified, SYNGAP1-related intellectual disability has no FDA-approved treatment. Beckett’s parents Monica and Chris hope to change that for this community. Less than two years after Beckett’s diagnosis in 2012, Monica Weldon—with the help of Global Genes—founded Bridge the Gap-SYNGAP Education and Research Foundation, which is a member of the National Organization for Rare Disorders (‘‘NORD’’). Due to Monica’s ef-forts, the Foundation was one of twenty rare disease patient organizations selected in April to develop natural history studies with the as-sistance of NORD and supported in part by a cooperative agreement with the FDA. The Bridge the Gap-SYNGAP Education and Re-search Foundation is also hosting the first ever SYNGAP1 International Conference No-vember 30–December 1, 2016 at Texas Chil-dren’s Hospital in Houston in an effort to bring together families, researchers, and clinicians to foster a collaborative environment that will lead to the development of treatments and ulti-mately a cure for the condition. As the SYNGAP1 community initiates these efforts toward treatments and a cure, it is crit-ical that the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher Program be available as an incentive for manufacturers to consider invest-ing in therapies for this condition. Congress must continue to help sick children and their families find treatments by extending this valu-able program. f 
TRIBUTE TO MINERVA CRANTZ ALLEN 
HON. MICHAEL M. HONDA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Minerva Crantz Allen, a bilingual Native American educator, linguist, and poet. It is my pleasure to commend Minerva for her lifelong commitment to preserving the Assini-boine (Nakoda) tradition, heritage, and culture. Her civic accomplishments for the Native American people truly make her the embodi-ment of leadership and service. Minerva was born in the spring of 1934 on the Fort Belknap Indian reservation, in North- central Montana. Her grandfather instilled in her at an early age the importance of edu-cation for her future. The daughter of a French Chippewa father and an Assiniboine-Gros Ventre mother, Minerva spoke her native lan-guages, but also taught herself English by singing songs with the Presbyterian ministers’ wife. Minerva’s grandmother, aunts and uncles still conversed in the Sakoda language, be-cause of their culture and belief system. Growing up was hard, not only because of the Great Depression. Minerva hid her lan-guage, culture and religion, and was scared of being turned into the law. Minerva thrived on following her passions, despite the sacrifices. At thirteen years old, she was sent to attend Indian Boarding School at Flandreau, South Dakota. Minerva was a very outgoing member of the student body—a cheerleader, Home-coming Queen, playing football and basketball. Despite the death of her grandfather and her parents’ divorce, she went on to obtain a bachelor’s degree from Central Michigan Uni-versity, a master’s degree from Northern Mon-tana State College, and completed additional coursework a Weber State College. Minerva has proven herself time and again, holding various critical positions with the Hays’ Lodge Pole school system. As the Head Start director for eight years, Minerva helped to es-tablish the first Foster Grandparent Program, bringing grandmothers and grandfathers into the classroom to teach the students their lan-guage and culture. She has written several books that translate Indian history and folklore into English, and she has published two books of her own poetry which are used widely in Montana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JY8.017 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1134 July 14, 2016 
Minerva is very active in her community, reservation, and state. Minerva has been in-vited to numerous schools in Montana, served as President and Vice-President of the Mon-tana Association of Bilingual Education (MABE), as well as Montana Indian Education Association (MIEA). She is an Ambassador for Indian Education for All, telling stories about how all people can learn the truth about Na-tive American history, culture and philosophy into their classroom, bridging the gap of rac-ism and teaching about the richness of indige-nous people’s history and culture. Rarely does a single personal history reflect so vividly an individual’s struggle and deter-mination to make life truly meaningful. Miner-va’s strength and inspiring spirit match her drive to make the world a better place for her people. Today, as a widowed ranch woman, she still lives on her grandfather’s land after three generations, next to the Little Rockies Mountains, where she was born. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE DISTRIBUTIVE EDUCATION CLUBS OF AMERICA 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the efforts of the Western Sierra Col-legiate Academy’s Distributive Education Clubs of America (DECA) chapter and the success of similar chapters throughout the country. Through teaching methods focused on development in marketing, finance, hospi-tality, and management, students participating in DECA are effectively prepared for their fu-ture careers. The Western Sierra Collegiate Academy’s DECA chapter successfully equips emerging entrepreneurs with goal-setting, consensus- building, and project-management skills. By tapping into its students’ varying interests and learning styles, DECA’s adaptive business-de-velopment program engages students in a hands-on environment, including entrepreneur activities such as operating school stores, or-ganizing fundraising events, and participating in business simulation competitions with other DECA chapters. DECA encourages its stu-dents to learn and practice smart business strategies, opening doors for students to de-velop and influence the business sector. The Western Sierra Collegiate Academy successfully engages its students in business practices and has been named a Gold-level School-Based Enterprise (SBE). In earning this award, Western Sierra Collegiate Acad-emy has completed a detailed written descrip-tion of how its chapter adheres to select busi-ness model standards in the above methods. Chapters are categorized into three SBE lev-els: bronze, silver, and gold. Western Sierra’s Gold-level placement qualifies them to partici-pate in the exclusive SBE Academy competi-tion, held at the International Career Develop-ment Conference. Throughout secondary and post-secondary education, it is essential to instill in students common-sense principles utilized by today’s businesses, and the Western Sierra Collegiate Academy’s chapter reaffirms this notion. The teaching methods and interactions that DECA applies allows students to learn the signifi-cance and importance in one’s ability to make choices and experience real-world business practices. The highly interactive nature of DECA allows students to understand the free market’s benefits. The ability to teach these principles to students throughout high school and college is critical to our country’s future free market drive and initiative. Knowledge and practice of entrepreneurship coupled with interactive applications of smart business strategies in an educational environ-ment not only teaches students how to en-gage in business with the necessary skills re-quired, but also allows students to develop their own well-informed career goals. Cur-rently, DECA chapters are in over 3,500 high schools and over 275 colleges, engaging over 215,000 students. Mr. Speaker, I commend the Western Sierra Collegiate Academy DECA chapter for its tire-less efforts to inspire and train successful en-trepreneurs and look forward to following their successes. f 
RECOGNIZING MR. CHARLES G. SCHLICHTER, JR. FOR HIS DEDI-CATION TO CHAMBERSBURG, PENNSYLVANIA’S SISTER CITY RELATIONSHIP WITH GOTEMBA, JAPAN 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Charles G. Schlichter, Jr. for his dedication to Chambersburg, Pennsylvania’s Sister City relationship with Gotemba, Japan. Since 1958, when the Gotemba City Assem-bly voted to establish a Sister City relationship with Chambersburg, PA, the two cities have enjoyed a strong and fulfilling bond, as illus-trated by the many citizen exchange visits that have occurred over the years. While much credit is owed to those responsible for estab-lishing this relationship, I believe it is just as important to recognize those, like Mr. Schlichter, who have helped maintain this meaningful connection. What’s more, I would like to highlight the 30-year commitment Mr. Schlichter has made to helping guide and maintain Chambersburg’s Sister City relation-ship with Gotemba. As a trusted member of the local business community, Mr. Schlichter was a natural choice to represent our area in this inter-national relationship via the Chambersburg Sister City Committee. The Sister City Com-mittee was established by Chambersburg Bor-ough Council, however it remains committed to raising its necessary funds through dona-tions and contributions from local organiza-tions and businesses. Thanks to Mr. Schlichter’s stewardship, our community con-tinues to reap the benefits of this longstanding Sister City relationship. Today I am proud to celebrate the 30 years that Mr. Schlichter has given to upholding this 55-years-and-counting bond, and on behalf of the 9th Congressional District of Pennsylvania, I say thank you. IN HONOR OF THE SECOND BAP-TIST CHURCH OF ELGIN’S 150TH ANNIVERSARY HON. TAMMY DUCKWORTH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Second Baptist Church of Elgin on its 150th anniversary. Since it was formally organized in 1866 by a group of men, women and children who had escaped slavery and established Elgin’s Afri-can-American community, the Second Baptist Church has served the Greater Elgin Commu-nity through ministry and outreach. In its 150 years, the church has grown in both size and membership and remains an im-portant part of our Eighth District Community. From its humble beginnings, the Second Baptist Church of Elgin has expanded to in-clude a soup kitchen, young adult ministry, prison ministry, bus ministry, couples ministry and street ministry. The church has partnered with local schools to help at-risk students, donated funds to the Boys and Girls Club of Elgin and in 2003 hosted a young State Senator by the name of Barack Obama as he introduced himself to our community. I’ve met with their members when their League of Military Veterans came to visit Washington, DC, and I’m so proud of the con-nections they have forged that help keep our community connected and strong. I am proud to honor the Second Baptist Church of Elgin as they celebrate their 150th anniversary and I look forward to their contin-ued contributions to our community. 
f 
HONORING THE LATE SMITH BRETT LAWRENCE 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the late Mr. Smith Brett Lawrence of Keene, New York, who was ex-tremely dedicated to his family, his community, and his country. Mr. Lawrence, known as Brett to most, served during the Vietnam War as a United States Marine. He was an Adirondack Guide and lived the majority of his life in Keene, New York, located in New York’s 21st Congres-sional District. Brett will be remembered by his family and friends as a loyal and dedicated man, with a wonderful sense of charity and a deep faith. Brett devoted many years to organizations in his community including the Keene Valley Rod and Gun Club, the American Legion Post 1312, and the Keene Valley Congregational Church. Brett also drove sleds at the Lake Placid Bobsled-Run for 18 years, served with the Keene Volunteer Fire Department for 30 years, and also served as the chair of the Town of Keene Republican Committee. However, what may have been Brett’s greatest service to his community was his role as Keene’s Santa Claus for the past 40 years. Dressed as Santa Claus, Brett would visit the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JY8.019 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1135 July 14, 2016 
neighborhood houses, area hospitals, St. Agnes School, and often made house calls upon request. His role as Santa eventually earned him important recognition by Keene Central School’s Honor Society, which hon-ored him as ‘‘a graduate who has made out-standing contributions to our town, state, and nation.’’ Brett will be missed by many for his dedication to civics through his involvement in many local organizations in Upstate New York and beyond. I thank Brett’s family for sharing him with the community and send them my most heart-felt condolences on his loss. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE CRIGHTON PLAYERS/PLAYERS THEATRE COMPANY 50TH ANNIVERSARY SEASON 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in the same year that Mickey Mantle slugged his way to his 500th career homer, Andy Griffith was America’s favorite TV dad and sheriff and Cabaret took home theatre’s coveted Tony Award, a group of community leaders got to-gether in Conroe to talk about how best to bring the arts to their city. They gathered at the Montgomery County Library to form the Little Theatre of Conroe. Their first performance of ‘‘The Remarkable Mr. Pennypacker’’ was held in the Conroe High School auditorium. Blessed with a faithful audience, the Conroe theatre stalwarts were able to purchase the old Hunt Plumbing Building in Conroe in 1967 where they performed comedies, dramas and dinner theatre fare. At the end of their first decade, they joined forces with the city of Conroe to produce their first musical to coin-cide with our nation’s bicentennial celebra-tions. ‘‘Oklahoma’’ was performed at Conroe High School to a standing room only crowd. Two years later, they wowed with ‘‘South Pacific’’. It was about a decade into the Little Thea-tre’s venture when Frank and Hallie Crighton Guthrie were exploring the possibility of donat-ing their family’s vaudeville theatre in down-town Conroe. All they asked was that the name be maintained and the theatre used pri-marily for the performing arts and that the Lit-tle Theatre of Conroe would be the resident theatre group. With the help of architect Harry Devlin, fund-raising artistry of Rigby Owen, and the sweat equity of the Little Theatre troupe, the run down theatre was reborn as the ‘‘Crown Jewel of Montgomery County.’’ The Crighton Com-munity Theatre then reopened with ‘‘The Last Meeting of the Knights of the White Magnolia,’’ a play about a small Texas town. For 30 years, the Crighton Theatre was home, but when the City of Conroe decided to invest in a downtown revitalization project, the 1947 Weisner building was repurposed as a state of the art theatre for the Crighton Play-ers. It is in this theatre where they produce several shows each season to sold out crowds, including more than a thousand sea-son ticket holders. The Players Theatre Company brings the arts home to Conroe with studio programs, summer arts programs, senior programs, C. Kidz, The Players’ Old Time Radio Hour, the City of Conroe’s Shakespeare Festival and an-nual community celebrations. Their theatre conservatory program provides community members high quality arts instruc-tion and corporate partnerships expand the reach of what started in the hearts of a small group of theatre lovers. Experienced directors, actors, and technical crews voluntarily give their all for each per-formance and faithfully carry out the vision that began in the Montgomery County Library a half a century ago. As we celebrate the Players 50th anniver-sary season, we rejoice in their successes and we can’t wait to see what they do in their next 50 years. f 
CONSCIENCE PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 13, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the so-called Conscience Protection Act, S. 304, which is simply another unacceptable attack on women’s reproductive health. The sole purpose of this bill is to deny ac-cess and create additional barriers for women seeking safe and constitutionally protected medical procedures. After relentless attempts in this Congress and in the courts to curtail a women’s right to choose, this bill is yet an-other measure designed to make it harder for women to get medical information critical to their health and safety. This bill bypassed regular order and was rushed to the House floor days before Repub-lican leadership plans to leave town for seven weeks. Yet, House Republicans are refusing to vote on—or adequately fund responses to— the many crises that endanger our public’s health, from the Zika virus to gun violence to the epidemic of opioid addiction. Instead, House Republicans are choosing to vote on this bill to limit a woman’s right to choose—the 13th vote in this Congress that undermines a woman’s ability to make informed decisions about her own personal health and family. I strongly oppose this bill and urge my col-leagues to vote no. 
f 
GREAT JOB WAYZATA BASEBALL 
HON. ERIK PAULSEN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Wayzata High School Base-ball team for winning the Minnesota state baseball championship. The Wayzata Trojans stormed through the three game state tournament with an early de-cisive victory, a walk-off home run in the semifinals, and a solid pitching performance that allowed only five hits during the final con-test. This resilient defensive effort, coupled with scoring four runs in the final two at bats in the fifth inning, ultimately resulted in the Trojans winning their first state championship with a score of 9–1. Baseball is a game that fosters teamwork, leadership, and sportsmanship. I also want to recognize their commitment not just to their sport, but to the time spent in the classroom and in the community to become outstanding student athletes. Mr. Speaker, the family, fans, and the entire Wayzata community are very proud of this team. Congratulations again to the Trojans on winning the high school baseball champion-ship. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, during Roll Call Vote number 440 on H. Res. 822. I mistakenly recorded my vote as yes when I should have voted no. 
f 
PHILADELPHIA BLUE SOX 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Phila-delphia Blue Sox, a thirteen-and-under little league baseball team from my district who have earned national recognition and have won five tournaments just this year with a ster-ling record of 40 wins and only 6 losses. The team is made up of 14 handpicked players from Philadelphia and the surrounding suburbs. The boys are committed and train year round, often early in the morning and late into the night, when school and their parents allow. Thanks to the dedicated leadership of their head coach Michael ‘‘Zoom’’ Zolk, Tom Ditro, and Michael ‘‘Big Zoom’’ Zolk, as well some help from the Philadelphia Police Department, the hard work and dedication of the Blue Sox has translated into an impressive string of vic-tories. We in Pennsylvania’s 13th Congressional District are proud of this exceptional group of young men, and we are eager to see them continue to succeed. Go Blue Sox. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 447, on July 13, 2016, I was un-avoidably detained off of the House floor. Therefore, I was unable to cast my vote on an amendment offered by Rep. G
RAHAM (D–FL) to H.R. 5538. Had I been present, I would have voted YES. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY8.023 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1136 July 14, 2016 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN C. CARNEY, JR. 
OF DELAWARE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I wish to clarify my position on roll call vote 447 cast on July 13, 2016. On Roll Call Vote Number 447, on agreeing to Mrs. G
RAHAM of Florida’s Amendment, I voted ‘‘No.’’ It was my intention to vote ‘‘Aye.’’ 
f 
H.R. 1270, RESTORING ACCESS TO MEDICATION ACT OF 2015 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-position to the misnamed Restoring Access to Medication Act of 2015, H.R. 1270. Once again, the Republican leadership has decided to bring a bill to the House floor that is harmful to Americans instead of doing the people’s business and voting on a life saving bill that would decrease the ever-rising toll of gun violence. Our constituents are urging and counting on Congress to pass commonsense laws to establish universal criminal back-ground checks and prevent terrorists from buying guns. Instead, Republicans have scheduled a vote for the 64th time to under-mine the Affordable Care Act (ACA)—a law that has given 20 million additional Americans access to health care, eliminated discrimina-tion based on pre-existing conditions, and re-duced health care spending. This bill repeals funding mechanisms that help pay for the ACA. Defunding these provi-sions would have devastating effects and put millions of Americans at risk of losing access to affordable health coverage. Rather than considering commonsense gun legislation or raising the minimum wage, House Republicans choose to fight old battles by once again voting to repeal the ACA. I op-pose this bill and urge my colleagues to vote no. 
f 
CONTINUING TO STRENGTHEN OUR MENTAL HEALTH SYSTEM 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my thoughts on H.R. 2646, the Help-ing Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2016. I voted in favor of this bill on July 6 of this year because it is a step forward in im-proving the lives of many Americans affected by mental illness. I support numerous key provisions of H.R. 2646, including reauthorizing grant programs to promote efforts that curb suicide deaths and substance abuse, requiring the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administra-tion to develop a strategic plan to improve services for individuals with serious mental ill-ness, and allowing Medicaid Managed Care coverage of certain stays in psychiatric hos-pitals and other treatment facilities. However, there remains much more work to be done in the mental health sphere. While H.R. 2646 addresses many of the pressing issues individuals affected by mental illness face, it misses the opportunity to address key areas that would greatly improve our mental health system. H.R. 2646 could be improved by placing more emphasis on the benefits of community integration for people with mental health ill-nesses in conjunction with treatment by a medical professional. While hospitalization may be critical for some patients, a multi-fac-eted approach to treatment that includes com-munity engagement and peer support has proven to be more effective in the long-term treatment of patients with mental illness. I am also concerned by H.R. 2646’s defini-tion of ‘‘anosognosia,’’ which states that peo-ple with psychiatric conditions may be unable to make sound decisions regarding their own care because they lack reasoning and judg-ment. Evidence has shown that people with psychiatric disabilities make reasonable deci-sions about their care comparable to others with chronic health conditions. I fear that this definition may further stigmatize those living with mental illness and may jeopardize their privacy in making health care decisions for themselves. While this bill improves mental health serv-ices for people living with mental illness, I take exception to the Majority’s premise that it in any way addresses the prevalence of gun vio-lence. H.R. 2646 conflates the ideas that re-forming the mental health system is a means of reducing violent gun crimes, when in fact, it is a false and manufactured narrative that people with mental illness are more prone to violent behavior. The truth is that researchers have not found any correlation between psy-chiatric diagnoses and mass murder and peo-ple with mental illness are more likely to be victims of violence than perpetrators of violent crimes. I was pleased to vote in favor of H.R. 2646, as it marks an effort by this body to address our critically broken mental health system, but our priorities in this effort must remain focused on the health, security, and privacy of people living with mental illness. It is my hope that we will continue to improve upon this first step to guarantee that Americans with mental illness have access to effective mental health treat-ment while also remaining an integral part of our communities. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. JUANITA TUNIS 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Juanita Tunis, a longtime resi-dent of Livonia, Michigan and an original Rosie the Riveter. Juanita was born on No-vember 18, 1913 and passed peacefully on May 23, 2016 in South Lyon, Michigan. She lived her full life of 102 years as the cherished matriarch of her family, and an American hero. Juanita was among the trailblazing women who stepped up during World War II to fill the industry positions traditionally held by men. Collectively nicknamed ‘‘Rosie the Riveter’’, these inspiring women entered the workforce with grace and gusto to build planes, tanks and other armaments that sustained the war effort and kept American industry afloat. Jua-nita worked for three years at the Willow Run Bomber Plant in Ypsilanti building B–24 bomb-ers. She often recalled the camaraderie among the women working at the plant, and remembered the bus rides to and from work with her fellow Rosies with particular fond-ness. In a time of worldwide strife, these pio-neering women pulled together and went to work every day to keep our country going. The contributions of Juanita and the original Rosie the Riveters made victory in World War II possible, and their patriotism and hard work will forever remain part of the American story. They instilled a newfound hope in their com-munities, embodying positivity in a time of great turmoil and uncertainty, and inspired a social movement that forever redefined the role of women in the workplace. The number of working women in the United States in-creased to 20 million in 1944, and has never since fallen to pre-war levels. Juanita and her fellow Rosies paved the way for generations to follow. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in honoring Juanita Tunis for her con-tributions to the war and her role in inspiring generations of American women. Her story is one that embodies the best of American val-ues and spirit and one that we will continue to share with our children and grandchildren for decades to come. The values that Juanita and the Rosies embodied patriotism, bravery and resolve are ones we all must strive to emulate. We salute the Rosies for their contribution to American history. Their legacy will forever re-mind us that we all have the power to do something more for our country. f 
HONORING DALLAS POLICE DE-PARTMENT OFFICER MICHAEL KROL 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Dallas Police Officer Michael Krol, who was tragically killed during the recent shooting in Dallas on July 7, 2016. Officer Krol was just 40 years old when he lost his life. According to his family, Officer Krol knew from a young age that he always wanted to be a police officer. His goal was to serve in law enforcement and when the opportunity within the Dallas Police Department presented itself, Officer Krol took the risk by moving halfway across the country to Dallas in pursuit of his dream. After years of hard work and prepara-tion, Officer Krol graduated from the Dallas Police Academy on April 25, 2008. Officer Krol was described as a caring per-son with a gentle heart. He was a dedicated public servant who worked his way up from a position as a security guard for a Michigan hospital, to a Wayne County sheriff’s deputy, and ultimately a Dallas Police Department Of-ficer. Officer Krol selflessly gave up his life in order to protect the crowds in Dallas from the violence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.066 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1137 July 14, 2016 
Officer Krol is the third of four children. He leaves behind a loving family, close friends, and a long-term girlfriend. My most sincere thoughts and prayers go out to his loved ones and friends. Mr. Speaker, Dallas Police Chief David Brown said it best when he called police offi-cers ‘‘guardians of this great democracy.’’ Offi-cer Krol was nothing short of that and our city will forever remember him for giving his life to protect our friends, families, our communities, and our democracy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.070 E14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D816 Thursday, July 14, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate disagreed in the amendment of the House to S. 2943, National Defense Authorization Act, agreed to the request from the House for a conference, and appointed conferees. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5099–S5196 Measures Introduced: Seventy-four bills and nine-teen resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3210–3283, S.J. Res. 37–38, S. Res. 535–548, and S. Con. Res. 48–50.
                                         Pages S5154–57 
Measures Reported: H.R. 1475, to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund that Wall of Remembrance, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. H.R. 3004, to amend the Gullah Geechee Cul-tural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission. S. Res. 485, to encourage the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to abide by con-stitutional provisions regarding the holding of presi-dential elections in 2016, with the aim of ensuring a peaceful and orderly democratic transition of power, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute and with an amended preamble. S. Res. 515, welcoming Prime Minister Lee Hsien-Loong to the United States and reaffirming Singapore’s strategic partnership with the United States, encompassing broad and robust economic, military-to-military, law enforcement, and counter-terrorism cooperation. S. Res. 524, expressing the sense of the Senate on the conflict in Yemen. S. 3028, to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilderness. S. Con. Res. 41, expressing the sense of Congress on the Peshmerga of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, with amendments. S. Con. Res. 42, to express the sense of Congress regarding the safe and expeditious resettlement to Albania of all residents of Camp Liberty. S. Con. Res. 46, expressing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dig-nity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to con-tinue to reaffirm its commitment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vul-nerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs.
                      Page S5153 
Measures Passed: Waterfront Community Revitalization and Re-siliency Act: Senate passed S. 1935, to require the Secretary of Commerce to undertake certain activities to support waterfront community revitalization and resiliency, after agreeing to the committee amend-ment in the nature of a substitute.
          Pages S5117–19 
Making Electronic Government Accountable By Yielding Tangible Efficiencies Act: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4904, to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to issue a directive on the management of software licenses, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                            Page S5126 
National Sea Grant College Program Act: Senate passed S. 3282, to reauthorize and amend the Na-tional Sea Grant College Program Act. 
                                                                                    Pages S5182–83 
Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Re-authorization Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. 2854, to reauthorize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S5183–85 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:49 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY6.REC D14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D817 July 14, 2016 
Murkowski (for Burr) Amendment No. 4975, in the nature of a substitute.
                             Pages S5184–85 
Kevin and Avonte’s Law: Senate passed S. 2614, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law En-forcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering characteristics of some children with autism, after agreeing to the fol-lowing amendment proposed thereto:
             Page S5185 
Murkowski (for Grassley) Amendment No. 4976, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S5185 
PFC James Dunn VA Clinic: Senate passed S. 3283, to designate the community-based outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Pueblo, Colorado, as the ‘‘PFC James Dunn VA Clinic’’.
                                                                           Page S5185 
Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act: Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3700, to provide housing opportunities in the United States through modernization of various housing programs, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                            Page S5185 
John F. Kennedy Centennial Commission: Sen-ate passed H.R. 5722, to establish the John F. Ken-nedy Centennial Commission.
                             Page S5185 
Cruise Travel Professional Month: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 486, commemorating ‘‘Cruise Travel Professional Month’’ in October 2016, and the resolution was then agreed to, after agreeing to the following amendment pro-posed thereto:
                                                      Pages S5185–86 
Murkowski (for Rubio) Amendment No. 4977, to amend the preamble.
                                       Pages S5185–86 
Welcoming Prime Minister Lee Hsien-Loong to the United States: Senate agreed to S. Res. 515, welcoming Prime Minister Lee Hsien-Loong to the United States and reaffirming Singapore’s strategic partnership with the United States, encompassing broad and robust economic, military-to-military, law enforcement, and counterterrorism cooperation. 
                                                                                            Page S5186 
Peshmerga of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq: Sen-ate agreed to S. Con. Res. 41, expressing the sense of Congress on the Peshmerga of the Kurdistan Re-gion of Iraq, after agreeing to the committee amend-ments.
                                                                      Pages S5186–87 
Expressing Support for All Holocaust Victims: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 46, expressing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their re-maining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to continue to reaffirm its commitment to comprehensively address the unique health and wel-fare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs.                                                                                             Page S5187 
2024 Summer Olympic Games: Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 142, supporting the bid of Los Ange-les, California to bring the 2024 Summer Olympic Games back to the United States and pledging the cooperation of Congress with respect to that bid. 
                                                                                            Page S5187 
National Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 521, expressing sup-port for the designation of September 2016 as Na-tional Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                            Page S5192 
Farm Credit System 100th Anniversary: Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 349, congratulating the Farm Credit System on the cele-bration of its 100th anniversary, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                   Page S5192 
Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act: Senate passed S. 1443, to amend the Indian Employment, Training and Re-lated Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facili-tate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the em-ployment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources.
                                                   Pages S5187–90 
Grand Ronde Reservation Act: Senate passed S. 818, to amend the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to make technical corrections, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                    Pages S5190–91 
Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon: Senate passed S. 817, to provide for the addition of certain real property to the reservation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon.
                                                 Pages S5191–92 
Daniel J. Evans Olympic National Park Wil-derness Act: Senate passed S. 3028, to redesignate the Olympic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wil-derness.
                                                                           Page S5192 
Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2607, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Building’’, and the bill was then passed.
                                                         Page S5192 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:49 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY6.REC D14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD818 July 14, 2016 
Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 3931, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 620 Central Avenue Suite 1A in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office’’, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                  Page S5192 
Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memo-rial Post Office: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 3953, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 4122 Madison Street, Elfers, Florida, as the ‘‘Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Of-fice’’, and the bill was then passed.
                  Page S5192 
Ed Pastor Post Office: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4010, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 522 North Central Avenue in Phoenix, Arizona, as the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Office’’, and the bill was then passed.
                                                 Pages S5192–93 
Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4425, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office’’, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                    Pages S5192–93 
Major Gregory E. Barney Post Office Building: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4747, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6691 Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, as the ‘‘Major Gregory E. Bar-ney Post Office Building’’, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                     Pages S5192–93 
Louis Van Iersel Post Office: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4761, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Si-erra Madre, California, as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Office’’, and the bill was then passed.
    Pages S5192–93 
Amelia Boynton Robinson Post Office Building: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4777, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1301 Alabama Ave-nue in Selma, Alabama as the ‘‘Amelia Boynton Robinson Post Office Building’’, and the bill was then passed.                                                          Pages S5192–93 
LCpl Garrett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4877, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the ‘‘LCpl Garrett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building’’, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                    Pages S5192–93 
Michael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Office Building: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4925, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 229 West Main Cross Street, in Findlay, Ohio, as the ‘‘Michael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Office Build-ing’’, and the bill was then passed.
          Pages S5192–93 
Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Of-fice Building: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 4975, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 5720 South 142nd Street in Omaha, Nebraska, as the ‘‘Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Office Building’’, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                    Pages S5192–93 
Sergeant First Class William ‘Kelly’ Lacey Post Office: Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs was discharged from further con-sideration of H.R. 4987, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William ‘Kelly’ Lacey Post Office’’, and the bill was then passed.
                                        Pages S5192–93 
Mary E. McCoy Post Office Building: Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 5028, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10721 E Jefferson Ave in Detroit, Michigan, as the ‘‘Mary E. McCoy Post Office Build-ing’’, and the bill was then passed.
          Pages S5192–93 
National Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 538, designating September 2016 as ‘‘National Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month’’.
                                                                  Pages S5193–94 
Condemning the Acts of Violence in Dallas, Texas: Senate agreed to S. Res. 539, condemning the horrific acts of violence and hatred in Dallas, Texas, on July 7, 2016, and expressing support and prayers for all those impacted by the tragedy. 
                                                                                    Pages S5193–94 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:49 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY6.REC D14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D819 July 14, 2016 
Commissioned Corps of the Public Health Serv-ice: Senate agreed to S. Res. 540, commending the officers of the Commissioned Corps of the Public Health Service for their work in fighting Ebola. 
                                                                                    Pages S5193–94 
Hawaii Volcanoes and Haleakala National Parks Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 541, recog-nizing the 100th anniversary of the establishment of Hawaii Volcanoes National Park and Haleakala Na-tional Park in the State of Hawaii, and designating August 1, 2016, as ‘‘Hawaii Volcanoes and Haleakala National Parks Day’’.
                Pages S5193–94 
National Anti-Counterfeiting Consumer Edu-cation and Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 542, recognizing the 70th anniversary and the importance of the Lanham Act by designating July 2016 as ‘‘National Anti-Counterfeiting Consumer Education and Awareness Month’’.
           Pages S5193–94 
United States Olympic and Paralympic Teams: Senate agreed to S. Res. 543, commemorating the past success of the United States Olympic and Paralympic Teams and supporting the United States Olympic and Paralympic Teams in the 2016 Olym-pic Games and Paralympic Games.
          Pages S5193–94 
Open Skies Treaty: Senate agreed to S. Res. 544, expressing the sense of the Senate regarding compli-ance enforcement of Russian violations of the Open Skies Treaty.
                                                         Pages S5193–94 
Leiomyosarcoma Awareness Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 545, supporting the designation of July 15, 2016, as ‘‘Leiomyosarcoma Awareness Day’’. 
                                                                                    Pages S5193–94 
United States Grain Standards Act Centennial: Senate agreed to S. Res. 546, honoring the centen-nial of the United States Grain Standards Act. 
                                                                                    Pages S5193–94 
American Tree Farm System 75th Anniversary: Senate agreed to S. Res. 547, recognizing the 75th anniversary of the American Tree Farm System. 
                                                                                    Pages S5193–94 
Viking Mission Landing on the Surface of Mars 40th Anniversary: Senate agreed to S. Res. 548, celebrating the 40th anniversary of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s Viking Mis-sion Landing on the surface of Mars.
      Pages S5193–94 
Adjournment Resolution: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 50, providing for an adjournment of the House of Representatives.
                             Pages S5194–95 Measures Indefinitely Postponed: Protecting Our Infants Act: Senate indefinitely postponed H.R. 1462, to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
                                                                                            Page S5195 
Measures Considered: Department of Defense Appropriations Act— Cloture: Senate resumed consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5293, making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017.
   Page S5114–16 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur upon disposition of the conference re-port to accompany H.R. 2577, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. 
                                                                                            Page S5116 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: The motion to proceed to the motion to recon-sider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on July 7, 2016, was agreed to.
                                Page S5116 
The motion to reconsider the vote by which clo-ture was not invoked on July 7, 2016, was agreed to.
                                                                                      Page S5116 
By 55 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 133), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having not voted in the affirmative, Senate upon reconsideration rejected the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill. 
                                                                                            Page S5114 
Conference Reports: Transportation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016.
                                               Pages S5116–17 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the conference report to accompany the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, July 14, 2016, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m., on Tuesday, September 6, 2016.
                              Page S5117 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:49 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY6.REC D14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD820 July 14, 2016 
The motion to proceed to the motion to recon-sider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on June 28, 2016, was agreed to.
                            Page S5116 
The motion to reconsider the vote by which clo-ture was not invoked on June 28, 2016, was agreed to.
                                                                                      Page S5116 
By 52 yeas to 44 nays (Vote No. 134), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having not voted in the affirmative, Senate upon reconsideration rejected the motion to close further debate on the conference report to accompany the bill.
       Page S5117 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 3:00 p.m., on Tuesday, September 6, 2016, Senate resume consideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 2577; and that the pending cloture motions on the conference report to accompany H.R. 2577, and the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5293, making ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, ripen at 5:30 p.m.
                                                                                  Page S5117 
House Messages: National Defense Authorization Act: Senate dis-agreed in the amendment of the House to S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, agreed to the request from the House for a conference, and ap-pointed the following conferees: Senators McCain, Inhofe, Sessions, Wicker, Ayotte, Fischer, Cotton, Rounds, Ernst, Tillis, Sullivan, Lee, Graham, Cruz, Reed, Nelson, McCaskill, Manchin, Shaheen, Gilli-brand, Blumenthal, Donnelly, Hirono, Kaine, King, and Heinrich, after taking action on the following motions to instruct conferees on the part of the Sen-ate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill to be instructed to insist on the inclusion in the final conference report the following motions proposed thereto:
                                         Pages S5099–S5112 
Adopted: By 84 yeas to 12 nays (Vote No. 131), Shaheen motion to Instruct Conferees to insist on the inclu-sion in the final conference report include language to extend the Afghan Special Immigrant Visa pro-gram through December 31, 2017 and authorize ad-ditional visas to ensure visas are available for appli-cants who meet the criteria under the program. 
                                                                                    Pages S5111–12 
By 85 yeas to 12 nays (Vote No. 132), Sullivan motion to Instruct Conferees to insist on the inclu-sion in the final conference report include authoriza-tion for the following commitments recently made by the President and Secretary of Defense: Maintain-ing a force of approximately 8,400 soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines within Afghanistan into 2017 as announced by President Obama on July 6th to con-tinue to train and advise Afghan forces and to con-duct counterterrorism operations; The President’s budget request for the European Reassurance Initia-tive to establish increased rotational presence in Eu-rope, provide ample United States Armed Forces end strength and combat capability to meet all regional contingency plans, increase operational responsive-ness of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, and to fulfill President Obama’s commitment to move forward with the most significant reinforcement of collective defense anytime during the Cold War; Suf-ficient naval, air, ground and amphibious force struc-ture and weapons systems to fulfill the commitment made by Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter at the Shangri-La Dialogue that within the Asia-Pacific theater, ‘‘the United States will remain the most powerful military and main underwriter of security in the region for decades to come’’; and Sufficient levels of military forces, munitions, logistics support, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance assets, and other enabling support, and the deployment of sufficient operational capabilities to meet President Obama’s commitment to go after ISIL aggressively until it’s removed from Syria and Iraq and finally destroyed.                                                               Pages S5112–14 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 90 yeas to 7 nays (Vote No. 130), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to dis-agree in the amendment of the House, agree to the request from the House for a conference, and ap-pointing of the following conferees: Senators McCain, Inhofe, Sessions, Wicker, Ayotte, Fischer, Cotton, Rounds, Ernst, Tillis, Sullivan, Lee, Graham, Cruz, Reed, Nelson, McCaskill, Manchin, Shaheen, Gillibrand, Blumenthal, Donnelly, Hirono, Kaine, King, and Heinrich.
                                 Pages S5099, S5111 
Appointments: Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico: The Chair, on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursuant to Public Law 114–187, and in consultation with the Chairman of the Senate Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources and with the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Finance, appointed the following individuals as members of the Congressional Task Force on Economic Growth in Puerto Rico: Senator Hatch (Committee on Fi-nance) and Senator Rubio (Committee on Energy and Natural Resources).
                                         Page S5181 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:49 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY6.REC D14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D821 July 14, 2016 
National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity: The Chair announced, on behalf of the President pro tempore, pursuant to Public Law 110–315, the reappointment of the fol-lowing individual to be a member of the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity: Jill Derby of Nevada.
                        Page S5181 
Board of Trustees of the American Folklife Cen-ter of the Library of Congress: The Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, pursuant to Public Law 94–201, as amended by Public Law 105–275, reappointed the following individual as a member of the Board of Trustees of the American Folklife Cen-ter of the Library of Congress: Joanna Hess of New Mexico.
                                                                           Page S5181 
Protecting Our Infants Act—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that H.R. 1462, to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome, which was previously received from the House, be indefinitely postponed.
                                           Page S5195 
Authorizing Leadership To Make Appoint-ments—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agree-ment was reached providing that, notwithstanding the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the Presi-dent of the Senate, the President pro tempore, and the Majority and Minority Leaders be authorized to make appointments to commissions, committees, boards, conferences, or interparliamentary conferences authorized by law, by concurrent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate.
                    Page S5195 
Authority for Committees—Agreement: A unani-mous-consent agreement was reached providing that, notwithstanding the Senate’s adjournment, commit-tees be authorized to report legislative and executive matters on Tuesday, August 30, 2016, from 9 a.m. until 11 a.m.
                                                                Page S5195 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent was reached providing that the Senate ad-journ, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Friday, July 15, 2016, 11:30 a.m.; Tuesday, July 19, 2016, 1 p.m.; Friday, July 22, 2016, 1 p.m.; Tuesday, July 26, 2016, 10 a.m.; Friday, July 29, 2016, 10 a.m.; Tuesday, August 2, 2016, 10 a.m.; Friday, August 5, 2016, 7:45 a.m.; Tuesday, August 9, 2016, 12:55 p.m.; Friday, August, 12, 2016, 8 a.m.; Tuesday, August 16, 2016, 9 a.m.; Friday, August 19, 2016, 3 p.m.; Tuesday, August 23, 2016, 4 p.m.; Friday, August 26, 2016, 10 a.m.; Tuesday, August 30, 2016, 9 a.m.; Friday, Sep-tember 2, 2016, 10 a.m.; and that when the Senate adjourns on Friday, September 2, 2016, it next con-vene at 3 p.m., Tuesday, September 6, 2016.                                                                                     Pages S5194–95 
Treaties Approved: The following treaties having passed through their various parliamentary stages, up to and including the presentation of the resolution of ratification, upon division, two-thirds of the Sen-ators present having voted in the affirmative, the res-olutions of ratification were agreed to: Extradition Treaty with the Dominican Republic (Treaty Doc. 114–10) as amended; and Extradition Treaty with the Republic of Chile (Treaty Doc. 113–6) as amended.
             Pages S5181–82 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Julius Lloyd Horwich, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary for Legislation and Congressional Affairs, Department of Education. Thomas F. Scott Darling, III, of Massachusetts, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. Anne Hall, of Maine, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Lithuania. Lawrence Robert Silverman, of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador to the State of Kuwait. Carol Z. Perez, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Chile. Geoffrey R. Pyatt, of California, to be Ambassador to Greece. Douglas Alan Silliman, of Texas, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Iraq. Marie L. Yovanovitch, of Connecticut, to be Am-bassador to Ukraine. Blair Anderson, of California, to be Under Sec-retary of Transportation for Policy.
                  Page S5182 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: David V. Brewer, of Oregon, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the State Justice Institute for a term expiring September 17, 2019. C. Peter Mahurin, of Kentucky, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority for a term expiring May 18, 2021. Michael McWherter, of Tennessee, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority for a term expiring May 18, 2021. Joe H. Ritch, of Alabama, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority for a term expiring May 18, 2021. Routine lists in the Army.
                      Pages S5195–96 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S5150 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S5151 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S5151 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S5151 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:49 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY6.REC D14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD822 July 14, 2016 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S5151–53 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S5153 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S5153–54 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5157–61 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5161–78 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5148–50 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S5178–81 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S5181 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S5181 
Record Votes: Five record votes were taken today. (Total—134)
     Pages S5111, S5112, S5113–14, S5114, 5117 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 9:05 p.m., until 11:30 a.m. on Friday, July 15, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5195.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
CYBERSECURITY AND NATIONAL SECURITY Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine cybersecurity and United States national security, after receiving testimony from New York County District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance, Jr., New York; and Kenneth L. Wainstein, Cadwalader, Wickersham and Taft LLP, former Homeland Security Advisor to President George W. Bush and Assistant Attorney General for National Security, and Chris Inglis, United States Naval Academy, former Deputy Director of the National Security Agency, both of Washington, D.C. FINANCIAL RISKS OF CHINA Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine evalu-ating the financial risks of China, after receiving tes-timony from Dennis C. Shea, Chairman, United States-China Economic and Security Review Com-mission; and Desmond Lachman, American Enter-prise Institute, Thomas J. Gibson, American Iron and Steel Institute, and William T. Wilson, The Heritage Foundation, all of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the following business items: S. Res. 515, welcoming Prime Minister Lee Hsien-Loong to the United States and reaffirming Singapore’s strategic partnership with the United States, encompassing broad and robust economic, military-to-military, law enforcement, and counter-terrorism cooperation; S. Res. 524, expressing the sense of the Senate on the conflict in Yemen; S. Res. 485, to encourage the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to abide by con-stitutional provisions regarding the holding of presi-dential elections in 2016, with the aim of ensuring a peaceful and orderly democratic transition of power, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; S. Con. Res. 41, expressing the sense of Congress on the Peshmerga of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, with amendments; S. Con. Res. 42, to express the sense of Congress regarding the safe and expeditious resettlement to Albania of all residents of Camp Liberty; S. Con. Res. 46, expressing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dig-nity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to con-tinue to reaffirm its commitment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vul-nerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs; and The nominations of Mark Sobel, of Virginia, to be United States Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund, and Marie L. Yovanovitch, of Con-necticut, to be Ambassador to Ukraine, Geoffrey R. Pyatt, of California, to be Ambassador to Greece, Anne Hall, of Maine, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Lithuania, Douglas Alan Silliman, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Iraq, Peter Mi-chael McKinley, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Federative Republic of Brazil, Lawrence Robert Silverman, of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador to the State of Kuwait, and Carol Z. Perez, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Chile, all of the Department of State. IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Iran nuclear agreement, after receiving testimony from Mark Dubowitz, Foundation for Defense of Democracies Center on Sanctions and Illicit Finance, Washington, D.C.; and Richard Nephew, Columbia University School of International and Public Affairs Center on Global Energy Policy, New York, New York. EVERY STUDENT SUCCEEDS ACT IMPLEMENTATION Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Every Student Succeeds Act implementation, focusing on perspectives from education stakeholders on proposed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:49 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY6.REC D14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D823 July 14, 2016 
regulations, after receiving testimony from Stephen L. Pruitt, Kentucky Commissioner of Education, Frankfort; Linda Darling-Hammond, Learning Policy Institute, Palo Alto, California; Gail Pletnick, Dysart Unified School District, Surprise, Arizona; and Ali-son Harris Welcher, Project L.I.F.T., Charlotte, North Carolina. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of Jennifer Klemetsrud Puhl, of North Dakota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Donald C. Coggins, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina, and David C. Nye, to be United States District Judge for the Dis-trict of Idaho. ENTREPRENEURS AND STARTUP COMPANIES Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine how venture capitalists and angel investors fund entrepreneurs and startup companies, including S. 2670, to provide for the operation of micro unmanned aircraft sys-tems, after receiving testimony from Scott Kupor, Andreessen Horowitz, Menlo Park, California, and Ali Behbahani, New Enterprise Associates, Timonium, Maryland, both on behalf of the Na-tional Venture Capital Association; Jeffrey Sohl, Uni-versity of New Hampshire Peter T. Paul College of Business and Economics Center for Venture Re-search, Durham; Michael J. Eckert, NO/LA Angel Network, New Orleans, Louisiana, on behalf of the Angel Capital Association; and Joseph L. Schocken, Broadmark Capital, LLC, Seattle, Washington. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 132 public bills, H.R. 5779–5911; and 10 resolutions, H.J. Res. 97; H. Con. Res. 147–148; and H. Res. 832–838, were introduced.
                          Pages H5005–12 
Additional Cosponsors:                                 Page H5015–18 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: In the Matter of Allegations Related to Represent-ative Ed Whitfield (H. Rept. 114–687); H.R. 4202, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to conduct a special resource study of Fort On-tario in the State of New York (H. Rept. 114–688); H.R. 4510, to insure adequate use and access to the existing Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch segment within the Holy Cross Wilderness in Eagle County, Colorado, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–689); H.R. 4789, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to establish a structure for visitor services on the Arlington Ridge tract, in the area of the U.S. Marine Corps War Memorial, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–690); H.R. 5199, to amend title 41, United States Code, to improve the manner in which Federal con-tracts for construction and design services are award-ed, and to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for de-sign and construction services procurements, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–691); and H.R. 24, to require a full audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of the United States, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–692).                     Page H5005 
Privileged Resolution—Intent to Offer: Rep-resentative Fleming announced his intent to offer a privileged resolution.
                                               Page H4931 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that the question on adoption of a motion to concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to S. 764 be subject to postpone-ment as though under clause 8 of rule 20. 
                                                                                            Page H4932 
National Sea Grant College Program Amend-ments Act: The House agreed to the motion to con-cur in the Senate amendment to the House amend-ment to S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the Na-tional Sea Grant College Program Act, by a yea-and- nay vote of 306 yeas to 117 nays, Roll No. 466. 
                                                                Pages H4932–39, H4964–65 
H. Res. 822, the rule providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the bill (S. 764) and providing for consideration of the bill (S. 304) was agreed to yesterday, July 13th. Iran Accountability Act of 2016: The House passed H.R. 5631, to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:49 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY6.REC D14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD824 July 14, 2016 
activities and for its human rights abuses, by a yea- and-nay vote of 246 yeas to 179 nays, Roll No. 467. 
                                                                Pages H4939–57, H4965–66 
H. Res. 819, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 4992), (H.R. 5119), and (H.R. 5631) was agreed to Tuesday, July 12th. United States Financial System Protection Act of 2016: The House passed H.R. 4992, to codify regu-lations relating to transfers of funds involving Iran, by a yea-and-nay vote of 246 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 478.
                                                   Pages H4957–64, H4973 
H. Res. 819, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 4992), (H.R. 5119), and (H.R. 5631) was agreed to Tuesday, July 12th. Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017: The House passed H.R. 5538, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, by a yea-and-nay votes of 231 yeas to 196 nays, Roll No. 477. Consideration began Tuesday, July 12th.
                                                              Pages H4966–73 
Rejected: Beyer amendment (No. 98 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that was debated on July 13th that sought to state none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or enforce section 120, 425, 426, or 427 (by a recorded vote of 178 ayes to 246 noes, Roll No. 468);
                                Page H4966 
Capps amendment (No. 99 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that was debated on July 13th that sought to prohibit funds to be used to process any applica-tion for a permit to drill or a permit to modify that would authorize use of hydraulic fracturing or acid well stimulation treatment in the Pacific Outer Con-tinental Shelf (by a recorded vote of 172 ayes to 254 noes, Roll No. 469);
                                                Page H4967 
Grijalva amendment (No. 100 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that was debated on July 13th that sought to prevent funds in the bill from being used to abol-ish law enforcement offices at the Bureau of Land Management and the U.S. Forest Service (by a re-corded vote of 194 ayes to 233 noes, Roll No. 470); 
                                                                                    Pages H4967–68 
Lowenthal amendment (No. 102 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that was debated on July 13th that sought to prevent funds from being used in con-travention to a 2009 Interior Department Secretarial Order on climate change (by a recorded vote of 192 ayes to 233 noes, Roll No. 471);
                      Page H4968 
Pocan amendment (No. 103 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that was debated on July 13th that sought to protect the Administration’s climate change and environmental sustainability executive order to en-sure that no funds be used to weaken the executive order within this Act (by a recorded vote of 191 ayes to 236 noes, Roll No. 472);                        Pages H4968–69 
Polis amendment (No. 104 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that was debated on July 13th that sought to prohibit use of funds to pursue any additional legal ways to transfer Federal lands to private owners in contravention of existing law (by a recorded vote of 188 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 473); 
                                                                                    Pages H4969–70 
Tsongas amendment (No. 106 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that was debated on July 13th that sought to prevent a provision of the bill that would block BLM resource management plans from going into ef-fect if failing to implement the plans would limit BLM’s ability to meet its multiple use obligations, including providing opportunities for hunting, fish-ing, and outdoor recreation (by a recorded vote of 184 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 474);
            Page H4970 
Norcross amendment (No. 114 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that was debated on July 13th that sought to add $15,282,000 to the Hazardous Sub-stance Superfund (by a recorded vote of 195 ayes to 232 noes, Roll No. 475); and
                     Pages H4970–71 
Gallego amendment (No. 122 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that was debated on July 13th that sought to prohibit funds from being used to issue grazing permits or leases in contravention of BLM regula-tions (by a recorded vote of 213 ayes to 214 noes, Roll No. 476).
                                                    Pages H4971–72 
H. Res. 820, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5538) was agreed to Tuesday, July 12th. Library of Congress Sound Recording and Film Preservation Programs Reauthorization Act of 2016: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 2893, to reauthorize the sound re-cording and film preservation programs of the Li-brary of Congress.
                                             Pages H4973–74 
Authorizing the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to provide playback equipment in all formats: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 3207, to authorize the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped to provide playback equipment in all formats.
                  Page H4974 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2:30 p.m. on Monday, July 18th.
               Page H4974 
Department of Veterans Affairs Dental Insur-ance Reauthorization Act of 2016: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 3055, to amend title 38, United States Code, to pro-vide a dental insurance plan to veterans and sur-vivors and dependents of veterans.
                   Page H4974 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:49 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY6.REC D14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D825 July 14, 2016 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate today appear on pages H4939 and H4984. Senate Referrals: S. 2893 and S. 3207 were held at the desk. S. 1555 was referred to the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on House Ad-ministration.
                                                                Page H5002 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and nine recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H4964–65, H4965–66, H4966, H4967, H4967–68, H4968, H4969, H4969–70, H4970, H4970–71, H4971–72, H4972–73, and H4973. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:32 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee con-cluded a markup on the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appro-priations Bill for FY 2017; and Report on the Re-vised Interim Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2017. The Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Bill for FY 2017 was ordered reported, as amended. The Report on the Revised Interim Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2017 passed. NAVAL DOMINANCE IN UNDERSEA WARFARE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Naval Dominance in Undersea Warfare’’. Tes-timony was heard from Rear Admiral Charles A. Richard, USN, Director, Undersea Warfare Division (N97), U.S. Navy; and Rear Admiral Michael E. Jabaley, USN, Program Executive Officer for Sub-marines, U.S. Navy. PRESIDENT OBAMA’S NUCLEAR DETERRENT MODERNIZATION PLANS AND BUDGETS: THE MILITARY REQUIREMENTS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-tegic Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘President Obama’s Nuclear Deterrent Modernization Plans and Budgets: The Military Requirements’’. Testimony was heard from Frank Klotz, Administrator, Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration; Robert Scher, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans, and Capabilities, Department of Defense; Ad-miral Cecil Haney, USN, Commander, U.S. Strategic Command; and General Robin Rand, USAF, Com-mander, Air Force Global Strike Command. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee concluded a markup on H.R. 5510, the ‘‘FTC Proc-ess and Transparency Reform Act of 2016’’. H.R. 5510 was ordered reported, as amended’’. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a markup on H. Res. 634, recognizing the importance of the United States-Republic of Korea-Japan tri-lateral relationship to counter North Korean threats and nuclear proliferation, and to ensure regional se-curity and human rights; H. Res. 660, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives to support the territorial integrity of Georgia; H. Res. 728, supporting human rights, democracy, and the rule of law in Cambodia; H. Res. 729, expressing support for the expeditious consideration and finalization of a new, robust, and long-term Memorandum of Un-derstanding on military assistance to Israel between the United States Government and the Government of Israel; H. Res. 750, urging the European Union to designate Hizballah in its entirety as a terrorist organization and increase pressure on it and its members; H. Res. 780, urging respect for the con-stitution of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the democratic transition of power in 2016; H. Res. 808, calling on the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran to release Iranian-Americans Siamak Namazi and his father, Baquer Namazi; H. Res. 810, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the life and work of Elie Wiesel in pro-moting human rights, peace, and Holocaust remem-brance; H. Res. 821, urging the Government of Gabon to respect democratic principles during the August 2016 presidential elections; H.R. 4481, the ‘‘Education for All Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5094, the ‘‘Stability and Democracy for Ukraine Act’’; H.R. 5537, the ‘‘Digital Global Access Policy Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 5732, the ‘‘Caesar Syrian Civilian Protection Act of 2016’’. The following legislation was ordered reported, as amended: H. Res. 634, H. Res. 728, H. Res. 780, H. Res. 810, H. Res. 821, H.R. 4481, H.R. 5537, H.R. 5732, and H.R. 5094. The following legislation was ordered reported, without amendment: H. Res. 660, H. Res. 729, H. Res. 750, and H. Res. 808. THE STRATEGIC IMPORTANCE OF BUILDING A STRONGER U.S.-CARIBBEAN PARTNERSHIP Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Strategic Importance of Building a Stronger U.S.- Caribbean Partnership’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses.’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:49 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY6.REC D14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD826 July 14, 2016 
U.S. HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE TO SYRIA: MINIMIZING RISKS AND IMPROVING OVERSIGHT Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘U.S. Humanitarian Assistance to Syria: Mini-mizing Risks and Improving Oversight’’. Testimony was heard from Thomas Melito, Director, Inter-national Affairs and Trade, Government Account-ability Office; and Calvaresi Barr, Inspector General, Office of the Inspector General, U.S. Agency for International Development. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE; HOPE DEFERRED: SECURING ENFORCEMENT OF THE GOLDMAN ACT TO RETURN ABDUCTED AMERICAN CHILDREN Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a markup on H. Res. 290, calling for the global repeal of blasphemy laws; and a hearing entitled ‘‘Hope Deferred: Securing En-forcement of the Goldman Act to Return Abducted American Children’’. H. Res. 290 was forwarded to the full committee, as amended. Testimony was heard from Karen Christensen, Deputy Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of Consular Affairs, Department of State; and public witnesses. WORLDWIDE THREATS TO THE HOMELAND: ISIS AND THE NEW WAVE OF TERROR Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Worldwide Threats to the Homeland: ISIS and the New Wave of Terror’’. Tes-timony was heard from Jeh C. Johnson, Secretary, Department of Homeland Security; Nicholas J. Ras-mussen, Director, National Counterterrorism Center, Office of the Director of National Intelligence; and James B. Comey, Director, Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, Department of Justice. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing on S. 2040, the ‘‘Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act’’. Testimony was heard from Anne Patterson, Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs, Department of State; Brian Egan, Legal Advisor, De-partment of State; and public witnesses. THE STATUS OF IVANPAH AND OTHER FEDERAL LOAN-GUARANTEED SOLAR ENERGY PROJECTS ON BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT LANDS Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Status of Ivanpah and Other Federal Loan- Guaranteed Solar Energy Projects on Bureau of Land Management Lands’’. Testimony was heard from Mike Nedd, Assistant Director, Energy Minerals, and Realty Management, Bureau of Land Manage-ment; and public witnesses. RECALCITRANT COUNTRIES: DENYING VISAS TO COUNTRIES THAT REFUSE TO TAKE BACK THEIR DEPORTED NATIONALS Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Recalcitrant Countries: Denying Visas to Countries that Refuse to Take Back their Deported Nationals’’. Testimony was heard from Michele Thoren Bond, Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of Consular Affairs, Department of State; and Daniel Ragsdale, Deputy Director, Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement, Department of Homeland Security. EXAMINING MISMANAGEMENT IN OFFICE OF JUSTICE PROGRAMS GRANTMAKING Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Government Operations held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Examining Mismanagement in Office of Justice Programs Grantmaking’’. Testimony was heard from Michael E. Horowitz, Inspector General, Department of Justice; Beth McGarry, Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Office of Justice Programs, Department of Justice; Gretta Goodwin, Acting Director, Homeland Security and Justice, Government Accountability Office; and a public wit-ness. LAGGING BEHIND: THE STATE OF HIGH SPEED RAIL IN THE UNITED STATES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Transportation and Public Assets held a hearing entitled ‘‘Lagging Behind: The State of High Speed Rail in the United States’’. Testimony was heard from Sarah Feinberg, Administrator, Fed-eral Railroad Administration; Chris Koos, Mayor, Normal, Illinois; and public witnesses. EVALUATING FDIC’S RESPONSE TO MAJOR DATA BREACHES: IS THE FDIC SAFEGUARDING CONSUMERS’ BANKING INFORMATION? Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating FDIC’s Response to Major Data Breaches: Is the FDIC Safe-guarding Consumers’ Banking Information?’’. Testi-mony was heard from Martin Gruenberg, Chairman, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; and Fred W. Gibson, Acting Inspector General, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:49 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY6.REC D14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D827 July 14, 2016 
MODERNIZING SOCIAL SECURITY’S INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on So-cial Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Modernizing Social Security’s Information Technology Infrastruc-ture’’. Testimony was heard from Robert Klopp, Deputy Commissioner, Chief Information Officer, Social Security Administration; Kimberly Byrd, Dep-uty Assistant Inspector General for Audit, Financial Systems and Operations Audits, Office of the Inspec-tor General, Social Security Administration; Valerie Melvin, Director, Information Management and Technology Resources Issues, Government Account-ability Office; and public witnesses. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, JULY 15, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on National Security; and Subcommittee on Transportation and Public Assets, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Urban Area Security Initiative Grant Program’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:49 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY6.REC D14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD828 July 14, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11:30 a.m., Friday, July 15 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2:30 p.m., Monday, July 18 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in a Pro Forma session at 2:30 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Benishek, Dan, Mich., E1125 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1122, E1125 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1129 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E1115, E1132 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E1123 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E1135 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1135 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E1128 Buck, Ken, Colo., E1122 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1130 Capps, Lois, Calif., E1130 Carney, John C., Jr., E1136 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E1125 Ca´rdenas, Tony, Calif., E1116 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1120 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E1131 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E1127 Davis, Susan A., Calif., E1132 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E1124, E1132 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E1121 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E1126 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1120, E1122, E1136 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E1131 Duckworth, Tammy, Ill., E1134 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E1122 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1117, E1124, E1128 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1120 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1119 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1124 Grayson, Alan, Fla., E1120 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E1116 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1131 Honda, Michael M., Calif., E1133 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1118 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1121 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1118, E1120, E1127, E1136 Jones, Walter B., N.C., E1126 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1128 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E1118, E1123 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1132 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1116 Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E1135 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E1133 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E1115 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E1121 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1136 Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E1115, E1128, E1132 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1125 Paulsen, Erik, Minn., E1125, E1135 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E1116 Rooney, Thomas J., Fla., E1117 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1115 Salmon, Matt, Ariz., E1131 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1116 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1130 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1132, E1134 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E1129 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E1130 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1134 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E1124 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1117, E1119, E1121, E1123, E1126, E1130 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1118, E1127, E1135, E1136 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E1116, E1118, E1122, E1125, E1135 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E1119 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1129 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:49 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D14JY6.REC D14JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST