Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2431 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 2016 No. 78 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, May 17, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
OHN J. D
UNCAN , JR. to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Ms. Wanda Neiman, one of his secretaries. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
BIG GOVERNMENT: TSA’S FAILURES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, early in 2015, the Department of Homeland Security removed the TSA Director and Administrator after it was re-vealed that banned items made it through screening in different parts of our airports throughout the United States. This didn’t happen once or twice, but it happened 67 times out of 70 tries. That is a 90 percent failure rate. Any business would be out of business if it failed 90 percent of the time to do what it is supposed to do. We are not talking about selling goods and services. We are talking about security—American security. But TSA is a government agency, so, to me, accountability doesn’t seem to be a priority. After this fiasco in 2015, the Adminis-trator was replaced with a new Admin-istrator. I don’t know that security is better or not—maybe it is—but we do know that the lines are longer and TSA efficiency is questionable. To find that out, just go to any of our airports and try to travel. Travelers are faced with wait times in excess of 3 hours just to get through security. Flights are missed and flights are de-layed because of the security chokepoint. It is ironic that people wait in line longer than it takes them to fly from point A to point B. Security lines should not take longer than the flight itself, but that is happening in our airports. The TSA Director blames the pas-sengers for the delays. So it is not TSA’s fault; it is the flying public’s fault for the long lines and delays? The cost to American taxpayers for TSA is $7 billion a year. Are we safer, better off, and more secure because of this massive government bureaucracy? Americans need to answer that ques-tion. TSA must also work on its treatment of passengers. I constantly hear in my congressional office from people who travel about the way they are treated by government employees at TSA when they try to go through security. Now, I know a lot of TSA employees. Some of those in Houston are wonder-ful people. Yet some TSA employees are rude, demeaning, and disrespectful to the travelers. That has got to stop. There is no excuse for it. Flying has be-come torturous for some travelers be-cause of TSA. Homeland Security must figure out a better way to protect and serve the people, the flying public, without caus-ing people to miss their flights. Maybe TSA should use trained dogs before and after the security points to help check for explosives—I am not sure the an-swer—but change the current model be-cause it is not working. This issue must be fixed, and the issue is not to blame the fliers. The issue is TSA needs to respond to this issue. There are airports all over the world that screen passengers. Maybe TSA could learn something from some of these other airports about efficiency and security. This problem must be fixed, and the answer is not to blame the Americans who travel and blame them for waiting in line for 3 hours to catch a plane that flies only 1 hour. Airports should strongly consider moving to private screeners. The law allows this to happen, Mr. Speaker, but the law requires that, if an airport wants to use private screening compa-nies, they must get the Department of Homeland Security’s approval to use that screening company over TSA. That is an issue in itself. But the an-swer is not to continue having the same issues and problems that we now face. People who travel a lot and travel rarely, when they talk about their traveling experience, one thing they seem to always mention is the way they have to go through screening and the way they are treated by TSA. Re-member, a 90 percent failure rate is not acceptable. The security must be better, and peo-ple must be treated better, because that is just the way it is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.000 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2432 May 17, 2016 
SPECIAL IMMIGRANT VISA PROGRAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, for over the last decade, I have been work-ing with a bipartisan group to deal with helping some of the foreign na-tionals in Afghanistan who helped Americans’ mission be able to escape the tender mercies of the Taliban and others with long memories. These are men and women who helped us as guides, as translators, people who pro-vided on-base security, construction workers, and truck drivers—a vast array of people who helped us with our vital mission. As we have scaled down and moved on, it has left these people vulnerable. We have example after ex-ample where the Taliban and al Qaeda have threatened them, have attacked their families, held them for ransom, tortured them, and, in some cases, killed them. We have implemented a Special Im-migrant Visa program that has enabled over 8,500 people to get to safety to protect themselves and their families. I have witnessed some of these tearful reunions where a guide returned, was able to escape to the United States, and united with the person, the soldier, whose life he saved. This happens time after time. Unfortunately, the process is hope-lessly tangled. It is slow, and it is bu-reaucratic. We have over 10,000 people still in the pipeline. Every year we struggle to be able to have sufficient visas authorized to be able to help thousands more who are at risk. We have the National Defense Au-thorization Act that is coming forward that would pose another problem to help those who put their faith in us. This version would leave out all indi-viduals who worked with the State De-partment and the USAID—critical parts of our mission in Afghanistan. It would leave off all the on-base staff who worked in direct support of the Department of Defense, people who did construction, firefighters, on-base se-curity, maintenance, and administra-tive support, people whose services were vital and whose service to the United States is well known and who are at risk. We are hopeful that as this bill comes to the floor that the House will be able to work with us to modify these unnec-essary restrictions, to give more time to process and allow more people to come to safety. We have a moral obligation to pro-tect people who put their lives on the line to support Americans in these troubled areas. I would hope that we would, once again, be able to make nec-essary adjustments to be able to try and help more come to safety. I have been working with my good friend A
DAM KINZINGER , who represents some of the newer Members of the House who actually served in theater, who are committed to helping people whom they saw help us. I would hope, as the process comes forward, we can consider amendments to be able to reduce some of these re-strictions; and then I hope, as it works its way through the legislative process to the Senate that does not have any-thing in their version of the bill speak-ing to the Special Immigrant Visas, that we will be able to do our job to make sure that we are not having peo-ple at risk, their families threatened, and undermining the credibility of the United States. Remember, around the world, foreign nationals help us with our missions; and if we send a message that we are not going to stick with them when the going gets tough, then they are going to be much less likely to help us wher-ever it is in these trouble spots. Amer-ica will be more vulnerable as people who have already helped us are at risk. We can do better. f 
SUPPORTING OUR VETERANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, as a na-tion, supporting our veterans must al-ways be one of our highest priorities. These brave men and women who will-ingly and selflessly put their lives on the line while defending our country deserve the highest quality of life and care once they return home. According to the Suffolk County Vet-erans Service Agency, there are 83,254 veterans who live in my home county of Suffolk. With the highest population of veterans by county in New York State and one of the highest popu-lations in the country, there is a sig-nificant need for increased care options for our veterans in Suffolk. There are so many options of quality care for veterans, but too often their choices are limited. Quality care can also come at great expense. In an effort to expand access to care for our veterans, I recently introduced bipartisan legislation in Congress, H.R. 2460, which would ensure that 70 per-cent or more service-connected dis-abled veterans are able to receive adult day health care, a daily program for disabled veterans who need extra as-sistance and special attention in their day-to-day lives. It comes at no cost to the veterans and their families because the program is defined as a reimburs-able treatment option through the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. This leg-islation has strong bipartisan support in Congress, with over 45 cosponsors, including the entire Long Island con-gressional delegation. My bill would greatly expand this great option of care for veterans on Long Island and across the country. Just last month, on April 20, 2016, the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee hosted a hearing of the Subcommittee on Health regarding my bill, and on April 29, 2016, the Health Sub-committee held a markup and favor-ably forwarded my bill to the full com-mittee for final consideration before being sent to the House floor for a vote. Working with my colleagues in the House and various veterans service or-ganizations, I will continue pushing to get this bill passed out of committee in earnest to allow this bill to come to the House floor this year. While serving in the New York State Senate, I secured the funding necessary to create the PFC Joseph P. Dwyer Program, a peer-to-peer support pro-gram for veterans suffering from post- traumatic stress disorder and trau-matic brain injury. PFC Dwyer, from Mount Sinai, New York, received na-tionwide recognition for a photograph that went viral showing him cradling a wounded Iraqi boy while his unit was fighting its way up to the capital city of Baghdad. Sadly, after returning home and struggling with PTSD, PFC Dwyer died in 2008. Created in his honor, the Dwyer Program was ini-tially launched in the counties of Suf-folk, Jefferson, Saratoga, and Rensselaer. Since 2013, the program has expanded to over a dozen counties across New York. Earlier this year, I introduced bipar-tisan legislation in Congress, H.R. 4513, that will expand the Dwyer Program on a national level so that every vet-eran in the U.S. eventually has access to a peer-to-peer support group. This bill has strong bipartisan support, in-cluding the entire Long Island congres-sional delegation. I will continue work-ing together with them and others in the fight to expand the Dwyer Pro-gram. Additionally, on the east end of Long Island, working closely with the Peconic Bay Medical Center and VA, I secured an east end healthcare facility for veterans and their families at Peconic Bay’s Manorville campus. After so bravely serving our country, this facility provides an important new option for veterans, increasing access to care for those who live on Long Is-land’s east end, while still allowing them to continue receiving other serv-ices and ongoing treatment at the VA hospital in Northport. b1015 There is so much more that Congress can do to improve the quality of life for our veterans. I will continue working to ensure that my bills that previously passed the House are signed into law, including H.R. 1569, to protect the ben-efits of deceased veterans, and H.R. 1187, which would eliminate the loan limit that the VA can guarantee for a veteran. Congress also must continue to re-form the VA wherever it underserves a veteran. A recent series of USA Today articles reported that VA supervisors in multiple States instructed employ-ees to falsify wait times. They must be held accountable. This is a slap in the face to our vets. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.013 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2433 May 17, 2016 
Just last year the House took a step forward by passing the VA Account-ability Act of 2015, H.R. 1994, legisla-tion that I cosponsored that would make important reforms to the VA sys-tem, which will provide the necessary resources and the flexibility the VA needs to hold poor-performing employ-ees accountable. While I believe that the VA has 99 percent of employees generally caring about the work they do and want to help veterans, we must always ensure that the other 1 percent of those who are not acting in the best interest of veterans are held accountable. Our vet-erans deserve only the highest quality of care at our VA facilities. Fighting for our veterans who fought for us always has been and will always be one of my top priorities. I will con-tinue my work in Congress to improve our veterans’ quality of care in any way that I can. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KEY WEST FIRE DEPARTMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the Key West Fire Department on their Class 1 Insurance Service Office rating, the highest achievable rating that a fire department can attain. They are 1 out of fewer than 200 de-partments in the Nation to receive this score, which is based off of a multitude of factors, including training, response time, and how well they are equipped. This rating also helps by providing residents with the lowest fire insurance rates possible, something I am sure that all Key West residents appreciate. I commend Fire Chief David Fraga and the entire Key West Fire Depart-ment on their diligent work and their devotion to keeping everyone in Key West safe. We are very fortunate to have a strong team of firefighters pro-tecting us. 
RECOGNIZING FLORIDA KEYS MARATHON  
AIRPORT  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to congratulate the Florida Keys Marathon Airport for officially becoming an international airport on April 20, 2016. For 8 years the staff has worked to attain this clarification. It comes as no surprise to me that they were able to achieve this feat. I commend the Flor-ida Keys Marathon Airport on receiv-ing this well-deserved designation. This airport will provide additional travel options for the families living in our community and the millions of tourists who visit south Florida every year. Congratulations to Mayor Senmartin, Vice Mayor Kelly, council members Zieg, Coldiron, and Bartus, and city manager Chuck Lindsey and, also, former Mayor Ramsey and former city manager Mike Puto, all who worked very hard to make this a re-ality. RECOGNIZING OFFICER MARIO GUTIERREZ  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Miami- Dade Police Department’s own Officer Mario Gutierrez, who received the Medal of Valor, the highest decoration of honor given to public safety officers in the United States. In 2013, Officer Gutierrez was on a routine call when he noticed an indi-vidual exhibiting strange behavior at a gas station near Miami International Airport. As Officer Gutierrez ap-proached, the man attempted to light a gas pump on fire. In an attempt to dis-arm the assailant, who was holding a knife, Gutierrez received several stab wounds that nearly cost him his life. Had the assailant been successful in causing a mass fire, many lives may have been lost on that day. Officer Gutierrez went above and beyond the call of duty to protect the members of our community. We thank him for his service, his selflessness, and his brav-ery in the face of danger. Officer Gutierrez, thank you. You are a true hero. 
RECOGNIZING MR . BRIAN REEDY  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Mr. Brian Reedy, a seventh grade visual arts teacher from Zelda Glazer Middle School in my south Florida congres-sional district. In 2014, Mr. Reedy became the visual arts instructor at Zelda Glazer and, in only 2 years, has propelled the program to national recognition. Mr. Reedy has received numerous accolades for his work at Zelda Glazer, with his fellow teachers referring to the work of his students as magnet quality. His class-room, however, does not require an ap-plication to enter like many art mag-net programs in south Florida. Any student can register. Students have had their art pieces showcased from local shows in Miami all the way to the New York Scholastic Art Awards. What is even more impres-sive is that Mr. Reedy works with a wide range of talents, including those just getting started to people who have been painting for many years. As a former Miami-Dade County School Board member, I always appre-ciate and support teachers who encour-age our youth to explore their passions in life, and Mr. Reedy does just that. It is an honor to recognize Mr. Reedy for his great work at Zelda Glazer. I look forward to both his and his students’ future successes. 
f 
HONORING NATIONAL POLICE WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ) for 5 minutes. Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, along with many of my colleagues, I rise today to honor National Police Week. One of the favorite things that I get to do as a Member of Congress is to ride with police officers as they go about their duties, and from St. George to Salt Lake City I have had the oppor-tunity to do this. Sadly, many in our society, particu-larly among the press, have become highly critical of law enforcement offi-cers. Now, I recognize that not all law enforcement officers are perfect. Peo-ple make mistakes. We all do. But we can’t let the mistakes of a few tarnish the name of such a noble and a brave profession. Such criticism of police efforts doesn’t come without a cost. It forces the officers to pull back, to become overly cautious, and to view every en-counter that they may have through the prism of a lens of a media event. What is the result of this? We now know that crime rates have been rising across the country. Interestingly and sadly, they are rising in some of the poorest communities, the communities that most need the help of an effective police force. Now more than ever we need brave men and women who are willing to serve and to protect. As I have said, I have had the chance to go on several ride-alongs with several police depart-ments. Again and again I have been im-pressed with their hard work, their professionalism, and their willingness to put themselves at risk to protect other people. There is a great example of this. I am reminded of the heroic actions of Offi-cer Hone, a police officer who in the last year saved two young girls in Salt Lake City. A disturbed man who had recently been released from prison and was on drugs broke into the home of two sisters, both of them college stu-dents. He began to viciously attack them. He took a knife and attempted to take their lives. Fortunately, Officer Hone was in the area, heard the screams of these young girls, and just seconds before the in-truder expected to take the life of one of them, this heroic officer quickly dif-fused the situation, literally saving her life. Bree, the sister who was saved, said of this officer, ‘‘He was so professional and calm. Right when we made eye contact, I knew I was safe. It’s a mir-acle that he had so much composure. He was our angel.’’ This is just one example of the thou-sands of courageous police officers we have in America. I am proud to live in a country where professionals are ready to put their lives at risk in order to serve and to protect members of their community. Let us honor these police officers, their courage, their selflessness, and their dedication. Let us honor them not just this week, but, frankly, all year round for the sacrifices they make for us. 
f 
HONORING SALLY CLARK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) for 5 min-utes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.004 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2434 May 17, 2016 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sally Clark, who was part of the class of 1963 at East High School in Des Moines, Iowa. I never knew her as Sally Clark because I knew her as Sally Davis, my mother. I am very appreciative that the class of 1963 allowed my mom to be part of a reunion in July of 1993 because my mom never graduated with that class. Sally Clark dropped out of high school in 1962 and eventually finished her de-gree much later by getting her general equivalency diploma with the help of my sister, who was the reason she dropped out of high school in 1962. In looking at the program from that reunion in 1993, the fondest memories my mom had of East High School were the friends she left behind. In 1977, she left not only friends behind, but she left family behind and moved our fam-ily to Taylorville, Illinois, where I grew up and where she inspired so many. My mom passed away 17 years ago today. The reason I am here is because of the inspiration she was to me and to so many. I want to tell her what I couldn’t tell her on Mother’s Day: Your family is doing great. Your grand-daughter, who you knew as a 2-year- old, just finished her freshman year of college. The grandsons you never met are doing fine as freshmen in high school. Mom, your whole family is doing well. As a matter of fact, you have a great-granddaughter now that shares your middle name. I am here on the House floor to fight to make sure that we work in a bipartisan way to end the scourge of the cancer that killed you and that has killed so many, young and old. We will never forget this fight and I will never forget that fight because of what you meant to me and to so many. Mom, I love you and I miss you every day. You are the reason that I get this privilege to be a Member of this great institution. 
f 
HONORING DR. FRANCES BARTLETT KINNE, PH.D. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
RENSHAW ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life work of Dr. Frances Bartlett Kinne, Ph.D. We in Jacksonville, Florida, will be cele-brating 99 years with our friend, Dr. Fran Kinne, on May 22 of this year. Dr. Kinne is first in Florida in many ways. In 1979, she became the first woman president of a Florida college, Jacksonville University, JU. Prior, in 1961, she became the founding dean of JU’s College of Fine Arts, the first woman in Florida to hold such a posi-tion. In fact, it was her idea to form the college where she had been a hu-manities professor for several years. She was the first woman elected as president of the International Council of Fine Arts, and not only the first woman in Florida’s first rotary club, the Rotary Club of Jacksonville, but she later became the first woman presi-dent of that club. She also became the first woman member of a club in Jack-sonville called the River Club. Again, the first woman member. As you can tell, Dr. Fran Kinne was first in many ways and a role model to not only women in Jacksonville, Flor-ida, but all across this great country. To those of us who know her well, she is also first in our hearts. A tireless ad-vocate for education and young people, Fran Kinne always reminded us that life is not about us, life is about others. She would tell her graduates each year to go out into the world and make the world a better place. One of those graduates, Tim Cost, is now the presi-dent of Jacksonville University. So many of her students have made a difference not only in Florida, but all across this great land. Last year, at the age of 98, she became the Nation’s old-est commencement speaker at a major college or university. The wife of an army colonel, Fran spent years overseas following World War II. She was in Germany, she was in Japan, and she was in China. While her husband worked, so did Fran. She cre-ated postwar education programs for children in Japan, and she went to class with young German students who accepted her as the caring American that she was. b1030 She numbered among her friends Bob Hope, Winston Churchill, Charlton Heston, Billy Graham, and Steve Forbes. Fran Kinne brought Bob Hope and Jack Benny together for their only joint appearance, and that was at Jacksonville University. She is listed in over 25 ‘‘Who’s Who’’ and similar publications, and six facilities in Iowa and Florida are named in her honor. Her autobiography is aptly named ‘‘Iowa Girl: The President Wears a Skirt.’’ Never intending to live in Florida, Fran came here with her husband, and, thankfully, for those of us in Jackson-ville, she never left. She was born in Iowa. She was educated at Drake Uni-versity and graduated with a bachelor’s and a master’s in music education. She remains a member of the Board of Trustees at Drake University and is on the board of the Mayo Clinic in Flor-ida. Since 1994, she has been the chan-cellor emeritus at Jacksonville Univer-sity. Her infectious enthusiasm for life and positive thinking goes on and on. I visited her the other day, and she re-minded me: If you laugh 100 times a day, that is the same thing as 20 min-utes of physical exercise. She would say: If you keep a positive attitude and if you smile a lot, that will add 10 years to your life. Fran and I have al-ways been good buddies, and she has been a mentor to me just as she has been to thousands of her former stu-dents. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and Members of this House to join me in celebrating the outstanding 99 years and counting of one of Florida’s most outstanding citizens: my good buddy, Dr. Frances Bartlett Kinne. f 
CONGRATULATING DONNA EISENMAN ON HER RETIREMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Donna Eisenman, who re-cently retired after 40 years in working for American Airlines’ Washington desk. Donna Eisenman began her career as a flight attendant with Trans World Airlines in 1969. A year later, she transitioned to American Airlines for a position as a reservations agent in Philadelphia. In a time before com-puters, Donna effortlessly sold airline tickets and helped customers with travel arrangements. In 1972, Donna moved to Washington, D.C., to start the next phase of her ca-reer. Donna spent the next 10 years working at the City Ticket Office and at the ticket counter at Reagan Na-tional Airport. In 1982, she transitioned to the Schedule Airline Ticket Office, which served DOD customers in north-ern Virginia. Donna’s efforts were so successful that she was asked to open a different satellite office to assist Fort Belvoir travelers. Later, Donna was asked to reestablish a long-abandoned desk spe-cifically designed to help government travelers. Donna accepted this chal-lenge, and the American Airlines Wash-ington desk was reborn. For the next 28 years, Donna’s unyielding commitment to customer service and her natural sales ability provided government and frequent travelers with the best experience in the industry. On March 25, Donna re-tired from American Airlines, and she is now spending time with her lovely family and is volunteering for the wild-life rescue causes that she champions. I thank Donna for her service and dedication. Congratulations, Donna. I wish you all the best in your much-deserved re-tirement. 
HONORING LOURDES SOVEDIA  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I recognize the outstanding career of Lourdes Sovedia. After 40 years of teaching, Lourdes will be retiring at the end of this school year. Like me, Lourdes’ family fled the op-pressive Castro regime when she was just a young girl in order to seek free-dom and refuge in this wonderful Na-tion, the United States. She worked hard at learning the language and the culture, and with inspiration from her mom, she dedicated her life to pursuing a career in education. After working her way through college, Lourdes made her American Dream a reality when she became a full-time teacher at Gesu 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.005 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2435 May 17, 2016 
Catholic School in downtown Miami. Throughout the years, Lourdes has taught at multiple schools and has earned many awards and deserved rec-ognition. As a former Florida certified teacher, I recognize Lourdes’ dedication, and I thank her for all that she has done for the students in south Florida through-out her impressive career. Congratulations to Lourdes. 
RECOGNIZING JOSHUA WILLIAMS AND JOSHUA ’S 
HEART FOUNDATION ’S DECADE OF SERVICE  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize teen philanthropist Joshua Williams of south Florida and the foundation that wears his heart on its sleeve—Joshua’s Heart Foundation. In 10 years of service to underserved communities in south Florida, Ja-maica, Africa, and India, Joshua’s Heart Foundation has activated over 7,000 youths to collect and distribute food and personal items that have helped 600,000 families in need. With the help of his supportive mom, Clau-dia, Joshua began laying the founda-tion for Joshua’s Heart’s success when he was only 4
1⁄2years of age. New JHF chapters are springing up all over the country, and I encourage everyone to check out the amazing work that Joshua’s Heart Foundation is doing every day and to get involved in a charity or with a volunteer organi-zation that represents your own vision for the world in which you would like to live. Congratulations to Joshua’s Heart Foundation for a decade of service. 
CELEBRATING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF AIR  
TRAFFIC CONTROL  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 75th anniver-sary of the air traffic control at Miami International Airport, which is an area that I am so proud to represent. This upcoming Thursday, May 19, the Federal Aviation Administration and the Miami-Dade Aviation Department will celebrate this accomplishment and honor the men and women who keep our skies and our airports safe. Working around the clock, the air traffic controllers direct aircraft and minimize potential troubles in the sky, like the ones that come from severe weather patterns. I am very proud to know so many of these diligent work-ers—individuals like Mitch Herrick, Jim Marinitti, Bill Kisseadoo, and many others—who, in their profes-sionalism, keep order in the airspace and protect our public. Mr. Speaker, rerouting aircraft to avoid congestion and minimize delays is not an easy task, especially at one of our Nation’s busiest airports; but it is because of the controllers’ dedication and commitment that we can feel safe in arriving at our destinations. Congratulations to my friends—all of the air traffic controllers at Miami International Airport. 
f 
PORTER RANCH GAS LEAK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to report to this Congress on the Por-ter Ranch gas leak, the largest meth-ane leak in the history of our country. It began last October 23, and it lasted for, roughly, 5 months. The amount of natural gas that escaped is measured in billions of cubic feet. Some 8,000 fami-lies were evacuated for months. Our family, because we live just about as close as anyone to the leaking well, chose not to evacuate but, rather, to rely on filtration systems and the fact that we spend much of our time in Washington. So how should Congress respond? We must say never again—not again in Porter Ranch, not again anywhere in this country—but it could happen again because this natural gas storage facility was the fifth largest in the country. That means there are four other areas that could have an even larger natural gas leak. There are no Federal regulations for the safe storage of natural gas, and State regulations are so minimal that they are incredibly minimal even in famously green Cali-fornia. Currently, PHMSA, an agency of the Department of Transportation, ac-knowledges that it has the authority to write Federal regulations. They have decided to do so, and my hope is that they will have them this fall. This arises, in large part, because I had a chance to discuss this with the Presi-dent of the United States back in Janu-ary in front of about 80 or 100 of our colleagues, and he made a commitment that his administration would work to make sure this never happens again. Not only is PHMSA working on the regulations, but the OMB has assured me that they will act promptly on ap-proving those regulations once they are finalized. We in Congress are working on legis-lation that is designed to prod PHMSA into acting quickly, but it is important that we not pass legislation that actu-ally narrows the existing statutory power or gives sentences in statutory provisions that could be used by the oil and gas industry to invalidate tough regulations. That is why it is critical, for exam-ple, that any statute we pass, as the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee’s product provides, states explicitly that we are not preempting higher, tougher State regulations and that the action taken in Congress will not make people less safe than their States would have them be. Two issues confront SoCalGas, which is the utility that is responsible for this leak. The first is that they are going to try to get consumers to pay for the cost of their negligence, using the phrase that they should pass through to consumers the ‘‘reasonable cost’’ of dealing with this disaster; so the consumers around Los Angeles should pay for the cost of providing relocation assistance to 8,000 families, many of whom have been out of their homes for 5 months and longer; the ‘‘reasonable costs’’ of plugging the leak should be passed through to con-sumers. The reasonable costs of repair-ing unreasonable negligence is never an ordinary and necessary expense to be passed through to consumers. This leak resulted from SoCalGas’ negligence. There was a subsurface safety valve on the well in question that was installed in the 1950s, that was removed by SoCalGas in the 1970s, and was never replaced. This well they used to inject and remove natural gas, not through the piping that was in-tended or the tubing that was intended for that purpose, but through the cas-ing that was never intended for that purpose; and the pressure, which is the amount of gas crammed into the field, seems to be inconsistent with the age of the wells—some going back 60-years plus—that were being used to inject and withdraw the natural gas. The costs of this event must not be passed through to the consumers of Los Ange-les. Second, realizing they may have to bear the costs themselves, SoCalGas has decided to shortchange the resi-dents who have evacuated. They have decided they don’t want to pay for the required cleaning protocol that is nec-essary to make homes safe. That is in their release of just a couple of days ago. That is outrageous. The cleaning is necessary to make the homes safe. LA County Public Health says so, and SoCalGas should pay that cost, too. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL ART COMPETITION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, each spring, a nationwide high school visual arts competition is sponsored by the Congressional Insti-tute and Members of the U.S. House of Representatives. Since the art com-petition was created in 1982, over 650,000 entries have been submitted. The Congressional Art Competition is an opportunity to recognize and en-courage the artistic talent of our Na-tion’s bright and talented youth. The winner of this prestigious award in each congressional district will have his or her artwork hung on display for 1 year in the Cannon Tunnel of the U.S. Capitol. I rise today to recognize the artistic ability of a young woman from the Sec-ond Congressional District in West Vir-ginia—Kayla Barbazette from Capital High School in Charleston. Ms. Barbazette is the winner of the 2016 Second Congressional District of West Virginia’s Congressional Art Competi-tion. Congratulations, Kayla. Her entry, ‘‘Human Water Basin,’’ was chosen from dozens of outstanding entries this year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.006 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2436 May 17, 2016 
b1045 The competition was open to all high school students in the Second Congres-sional District of West Virginia. Kayla is pictured here receiving her first place prize with West Virginia Cabinet Secretary Kay Goodwin of the Department of Education and the Arts. I thank all of the impressive artists for allowing us to celebrate their tal-ents. I wish them all the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
INDIANAPOLIS MOTOR SPEEDWAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, it is with great pride that I rise today to pay tribute to a very special event that will take place later this month in my hometown of Indianap-olis. On May 29, the world’s finest auto-mobile racing teams will compete for the very prestigious Borg-Warner Tro-phy at the 100th running of the Indy 500. Mr. Speaker, every Memorial Day weekend since 1911, with the exception of a few years during World War I and World War II, the Indianapolis Motor Speedway has been the site of the greatest spectacle in racing. Over the last century, Mr. Speaker, the Indian-apolis 500 has become the most at-tended single-day sporting event on the planet Earth, with estimated crowds of over 400,000 people. Now, these fans add nearly $500 million to the central Indi-ana economy each year. The race is also incredibly popular around the world, Mr. Speaker. With millions of fans around the world, they have been listening to the race on the Motor Speedway Radio Network and watching it on television. Now, what very few people realize is that the Indy 500 has been a very im-portant influence in the development of passenger automobiles. Rearview mirrors, four-wheel hydraulic brakes, color warning lights, and the first man-datory use of helmets can be traced back to the great Hoosier State in the city of Indianapolis at the Indy 500. Now part of the excitement of watch-ing the race every year, Mr. Speaker, is seeing how these high-tech auto-mobiles have evolved and wondering which technology we will see on our roads in the near future. I stand here today as a very proud Hoosier who is proud of our State’s long racing heritage. I ask my col-leagues, Mr. Speaker, to join me and to join the rest of the Indiana delegation in recognizing all of those involved with the race over the last century, from the staff to the pit crews, to the drivers, and especially the fans who come out to the track each and every year. So congratulations to all the folks involved. Ladies and gentlemen, start your en-gines. RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 48 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Rabbi Jay Weinstein, Young Israel of East Brunswick, East Brunswick, New Jersey, offered the following prayer: Our God in heaven, please grant Your blessing upon our Nation’s leaders, our President, Vice President, Members of Congress, and all our officers of govern-ment. Grant them courage and wisdom, sensitivity and compassion, as they re-spond to the needs of our diverse popu-lation. Allow them to bring to fruition the hopes and visions, dreams, and goals upon which this country was founded. Merciful God, we express our deep gratitude for this magnificent country, a home built upon the values of peace, religious tolerance, and respect. Protect our courageous military forces, who are spread throughout the world. Quickly return them to their family’s warm embrace. Guard and shield the members of our country’s police force, fire department, emer-gency personnel, and all those who risk their lives to protect us from harm. Almighty God, who makes peace in Heaven, from this glorious House of Representatives, our seat of democ-racy, we ask that You bless our world with peace, safety, and prosperity, so we may fulfill our sacred responsibility of making the world a better place. And let us respond amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. LAMBORN led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. WELCOMING RABBI JAY WEINSTEIN The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. G
RAHAM ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to thank Rabbi Jay Weinstein for delivering this morning’s invocation. Rabbi Weinstein is a native of Miami Beach, Florida. He received his ordina-tion from Yeshiva University. He is now rabbi at Young Israel of East Brunswick, New Jersey, which serves more than 220 families. I also want to recognize Rabbi Weinstein’s parents, Stanley and Le-nore, his wife, Sharon, and his four wonderful children, one of whom, Ora, is here with me on the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to live in a Nation where we open our doors and our hearts to invite leaders of all dif-ferent faiths to offer a blessing. I am very thankful to Rabbi Weinstein for offering such an incredibly meaningful prayer this morning. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Ms. STEFANIK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, in my district in the North Country of New York, brave law enforcement officers dedicate their careers and risk their lives each and every day to keep our communities safe. We are grateful for the outstanding service from men and women like Ser-geant Jay Cook of the New York State Police, whose courageous actions put an end to the manhunt for the killers who escaped Clinton Correctional Fa-cility last year. Sadly, far too many of these brave men and women have lost their lives in the line of duty. Each year commu-nities across our Nation gather to honor in recognition of these heroes and tens of thousands of law enforce-ment officers descend on our Nation’s capital to honor the fallen. Mr. Speaker, in commemoration of National Police Week, I rise today to thank our law enforcement officers for their service and to honor the brave men and women who have paid the ul-timate sacrifice. 
f 
NABISCO BAKERY (Mr. LIPINSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the hardworking men and women at the Nabisco Bakery 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.008 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2437 May 17, 2016 
on the southwest side of Chicago, once touted as the world’s largest bakery. These workers have faced daunting challenges in the past year as their plant was downsized and hundreds lost their jobs. Now they are working with-out a contract and face the prospect of losing their current pension plan. For more than half a century, work-ers at this bakery have proudly made Oreos, Chips Ahoy, Ritz crackers, and other iconic products. Generations of families have been employed here and contributed to the local economy. What is happening now is even more disappointing because taxpayers have previously provided $90 million to Na-bisco in return for a commitment to expand and hire locally. The continued lack of a negotiated agreement reflects the plight of middle class Americans across the country, with workers fac-ing eroding wages and benefits along with job insecurity. Mr. Speaker, I urge Mondelez to do right by its employees, use its profits to reinvest in its American workforce, and grow good-paying jobs in Chicago and across the Nation. 
f 
PRESIDENT NOT CORRECT (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, over the weekend, Iran held another government-sponsored Holo-caust cartoon contest in the capital of Tehran. Their denial of the mass slaughter endured by millions of men, women, and children during the Holo-caust is yet another example of this theocratic regime’s irrational and counterproductive conduct which hurts the citizens of Iran. As he announced the dangerous Iran deal, the President claimed that it would help Iran become a more mod-erate regime, one that respects our al-lies. The President was not correct. This is a nation that continually de-nies the genocide of the Holocaust, is a state sponsor of terrorism, tests mis-sile development, and chants ‘‘Death to America,’’ ‘‘Death to Israel.’’ Sadly, the President continues to put faith in this dangerous regime. I am grateful that, under the leader-ship of Chairman E
DROYCE on the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, we are putting forth legislation to deny Iran access to the U.S. dollar if they continue to promote terrorism to threaten American families with mass murder. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NAHLA KAYALI (Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Nahla Kayali. She is the founder and the executive director of Access California Services. Access, as we call it, is a nonprofit organization in my hometown of Ana-heim, California, that serves the Arab American, refugee, and immigrant communities with culturally appro-priate services, including English as a second language, health and human services, employment assistance, and citizenship resources. In 1998, she opened a small office and had two clients the first month. She initially helped people sign up for the California Healthy Families program. With only a high school diploma, Nahla has now expanded Access California to serve over 11,000 Arab American, ref-ugee, and other underserved commu-nity members in 16 different languages. She works to foster a better under-standing of the cultural needs of the Arab American community, and, quite honestly, she is a living example of what is the American Dream. As we celebrated last month Arab American Heritage Month, I wanted to honor and recognize her accomplish-ments, the accomplishments of Nahla Kayali, and her continued work in sup-porting the Arab American commu-nities and helping, in particular, refu-gees resettle and become contributing citizens and leaders in Orange County. f 
OFFICER DOUG BARNEY (Mrs. LOVE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor National Police Week. We owe a great deal of gratitude to the men and women who serve our communities by putting their lives on the line every day. Utah has lost 139 police officers since 1853, most recently, Officer Doug Bar-ney of Salt Lake County Unified Police Department. Officer Barney died in the line of duty on January 17. Officer Barney was a dedicated 18- year veteran police officer, and loved every moment of his distinguished ca-reer. His kindness deeply touched the families and the community and some-times even the people he arrested. He was known for his humor and compas-sion as well as his toughness. Ten thousand people attended his fu-neral. The State of Utah is truly a kinder service-oriented place because of police officers like Doug Barney. I am honored to recognize all of them here in the House of Representatives. 
f 
NETWORKS IGNORE COURT BLOW TO OBAMACARE (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, re-cently a U.S. District Court judge ruled that the administration’s subsidy fund-ing scheme for ObamaCare was uncon-stitutional. This marked a major vic-tory in citizens’ efforts to stop the President’s failed healthcare law. How-ever, the ruling was ignored by all three major news networks, leaving many Americans in the dark on the latest development involving ObamaCare. Last year it was revealed that ObamaCare created or hiked at least 13 different taxes. However, all three major networks also largely ignored this increased burden on taxpayers. It is no wonder that only 6 percent of Americans trust the media to give them balanced news. Americans de-serve all of the facts about the Presi-dent’s failed healthcare law. The lib-eral national media should not ignore important information just because it conflicts with their political agenda. f 
HONORING LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS (Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, this week is National Police Week, a time to thank and remember those law enforcement officers who have paid the ultimate price, officers like Deputy Carl Koontz of the Howard County Sheriff’s Department in Indiana. Deputy Koontz was killed in March while serving a warrant well after his shift had ended. He, like so many mem-bers of our law enforcement commu-nity, showed dedication and commit-ment to his duties despite the risks. As a former deputy mayor of Indian-apolis and a former U.S. attorney, I have witnessed firsthand the chal-lenges faced by our law enforcement of-ficers and their remarkable families. But, even more importantly, I saw again and again men and women in law enforcement display courage in the face of adversity, compassion in the face of hardship, and an unending com-mitment to serve the communities in which they live. Today I salute the men and women in uniform who every day unfailingly honor the call to serve and protect. This week we must also renew our daily commitment to support our he-roic men and women in blue. Our thanks and prayers are with them and their families this week and every week. 
f 
SOVEREIGNTY (Mr. LAMBORN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, na-tional sovereignty is one of the most basic and fundamental principles of international law. Countries differ in their history, culture, aims, locations, and challenges. These factors work to shape the laws that govern that nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.010 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2438 May 17, 2016 
Without understanding and respect-ing these fundamental principles of sovereignty, nation-states would have their territorial integrity infringed upon, be subordinated to outside im-posed actions, or come under threat from other hostile forces. That is why I cofounded the House Sovereignty Caucus here in Congress. We must never forget that the su-preme law of the land is the U.S. Con-stitution, Federal laws made pursuant to the Constitution and treaties made under the Constitution’s authority. Up-holding this supreme law is what makes America great. Threats to U.S. sovereignty are being attempted every day. We must stay on guard against them, both from without and from within. We must uphold the supreme law of the land. If we divert from this law, we will lose our sov-ereignty and our freedom. 
f 
b1215 RECOGNIZING COACH JERRY CLAY (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize 43 years of service to young men in Garland County, Arkan-sas, by Coach Jerry Clay, whose 269 wins as head coach at Fountain Lake High School and Lake Hamilton High School are sixth all-time on the list of most wins in Arkansas high school football. Good coaches have the ability to teach their players to win consistently on the field. Great coaches teach their players to be winners in life. Jerry Clay is a great coach. Not only has he coached 14 conference championships and had teams compete in six State championships—winning two—many young men he coached have gone on to excel in virtually all areas of society, from doctors, to businessmen, to true American heroes like SEAL Team 6 op-erator Adam Brown, whose life story was chronicled in the best-seller book, ‘‘Fearless.’’ I will forever be grateful for the in-vestment Jerry Clay made in my life as my coach, and I wish him many happy years in retirement. 
f 
HONORING NATIONAL POLICE WEEK AND NATIONAL EMS WEEK (Mr. ZELDIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, this is Na-tional Police Week and National EMS Week, which is when we pause to re-flect and honor the service and sac-rifice of the brave men and women who have lost their lives in the line of duty while serving to protect us. We also pay our respects to all who continue to serve us today. All lives matter. These men and women risk their lives for the safety and security of communities all throughout our country. With the terrorist acts in Paris, Bel-gium, and around the world, we are constantly reminded of how dangerous this world can be. When these attacks occur, they are the ones who run head- on into the mayhem and chaos without fear to do everything in their power to save as many people as they can. Unfortunately, today we are wit-nessing the shameful targeting of our first responders and police officers. Their authority is constantly being questioned, making an already difficult job even more dangerous. It seems we cannot go a day without hearing on the news that police officers have been shot or even killed in trying to do their jobs. We must unite around our police offi-cers and first responders and support them just as they support us each and every day. f 
TIME FOR COMPREHENSIVE IMMIGRATION REFORM (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, my friends, the time for immigration reform is now so as to increase our economic growth, creating good jobs for Americans; to reduce our budget deficit by over $200 billion; to improve our national secu-rity so we know who is here and what they are doing; to make sure that peo-ple who are here legally have the abil-ity to get jobs and so that we have the ability to screen out people who are violating our laws; to restore the rule of law; to secure our border; to unite families so we don’t tear American children from their immigrant parents. For all of these reasons and more, it is time for this body to act. Only Con-gress can pass comprehensive immigra-tion reform. Only Congress can enforce our laws. Only Congress can ensure that we grow our economy, meet the needs of our labor force, grow jobs for American families, and increase wages, all through comprehensive immigra-tion reform. I call upon my Republican and Demo-cratic friends to stop waiting and to act and to take up comprehensive im-migration reform now. 
f 
CENTRE COUNTY VOLUNTEER OF THE YEAR WINNER CHERYL JOHNSON (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of Cheryl Johnson, a resident of Centre County in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, who was recently named Cen-tre County Volunteer of the Year by the county’s Chamber of Business and Industry. For more than 20 years, Cheryl has been the executive director of the Pri-vate Industry Council of the Central Corridor, or PICCC, a nonprofit organi-zation which focuses on improving workplace effectiveness and preparing people for either first-time employ-ment, making career changes, or re-turning to the workforce. It is esti-mated that PICCC and its staff impact more than 15,000 people annually in Bedford, Blair, and Centre Counties. During her time with PICCC, Cheryl has dealt with challenges, including the county’s transition from being a manufacturing economy to being one that is more service driven. As evi-dence to PICCC’s success and the good work of other organizations, the coun-ty regularly has the lowest unemploy-ment rate in Pennsylvania. Cheryl’s good work in Centre County extends beyond PICCC, to volunteer ef-forts with the United Way, Leadership Centre County, and the Juniata Valley Council Boy Scouts of America. She is an essential part of our community, and I congratulate her on earning this recognition which came as a result of her hard work. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4909, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2017 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 732 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 732 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4909) to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense and for military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Armed Services now printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-51, modified by the amendment printed in part A of the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion, shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the five-minute rule and shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. S
EC. 2. (a) No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.011 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2439 May 17, 2016 
Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution and amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution. (b) Each further amendment printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. (c) All points of order against the further amendments printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules or amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolu-tion are waived. S
EC. 3. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution not ear-lier disposed of. Amendments en bloc offered pursuant to this section shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Armed Services or their designees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. S
EC. 4. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment pursuant to this resolution, the Committee of the Whole shall rise without motion. No further consider-ation of the bill shall be in order except pur-suant to a subsequent order of the House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
IBBLE ). The gentleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Res-olution 732 provides for the consider-ation of H.R. 4909, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. Mr. Speaker, this is the most impor-tant thing this House will do this year as it has been the most important thing this House has done for 54 straight years—setting the policy for defending the American people. The resolution provides for a struc-tured rule and makes in order 61 amendments. This is the first of the two rules the House will consider on the NDAA. The Committee on Rules is continuing to work through the over 375 submitted amendments, and it will be making more amendments in order at this afternoon’s meeting. As a member of the House Committee on Armed Services, which is the juris-dictional committee for this bill, I, like many others, have spent substan-tial time in working through this year’s NDAA. A lot of work has gone into the bill to get us to this point, and I want to recognize the work of Chair-man MACTHORNBERRY , of Ranking Member A
DAM SMITH, and of each of the subcommittee chairmen and rank-ing members. We should also recognize the very capable Committee on Armed Services staff who has devoted so much time to this legislation. This process, as in years past, has been truly bipartisan. The bill passed out of the committee by a vote of 60–2. It is my sincere hope that this bipar-tisan nature will continue here on the House floor as we consider the most important thing we will do all year. Providing for the common defense is the most important function of the Federal Government, and it is one we all take very seriously. There are many different threats and challenges around the globe, and we and the servicemen and -women who protect us need to be ready for each of those threats; so you will be hearing a lot about readiness over the next cou-ple of days as we consider this bill be-cause just having a soldier or an air-man or a sailor is not enough—they have to be ready to do the job that we assign to them. Readiness means that they have been trained appropriately, that they have the equipment they need, and that they have the support they need to carry out their vital role. Look around the world as we sit here today: North Korea is threatening us with nuclear weapons. They say they have miniaturized the nuclear weapon. They have the missile technology not only to shoot it from land, but to launch it from submarines. China, every day, is pushing out fur-ther and further with these artificial islands in the South China Sea, claim-ing, virtually, the entire South China Sea as theirs that they can control and against the claims of other countries in the region—a part of the world where over $5 trillion in trade moves to and fro, which is something that has a di-rect impact on the well-being of the American people. Look at what is happening in Europe. Russia has taken the Crimea. They are involved in actions in the eastern part of Ukraine today. They threaten NATO allies—countries with which we have an Article V obligation to defend if any country attacks them—and Russia is threatening those countries today. Then in the Middle East, as many of us know, we have a resurgent Iran. After the deal that the President struck with Iran last year, Iran now has access to tens of billions of dollars. As the major state supporter of ter-rorism in the world, they are using that money to fund terrorist groups like Hezbollah and Hamas, which cause so much havoc and destruction and death. We have this terrible situation in Syria, a continually bad situation in Iraq, failed states in Yemen and Libya. Our military—our defense forces—are called upon to address all of those—to protect us, to protect the American people. That is why getting this bill right is so important. That is why tak-ing it seriously is so important. Wheth-er it is fighting terrorism in Iraq or in Afghanistan, deterring Russian aggres-sion in Europe, or projecting force in the Pacific, our military has their hands full, and this bill is critical to ensuring that they are ready for what is coming to them and to us. Let us make sure we understand. Experts far beyond my background have said that the United States has never faced this level—this complexity—of threat to our national security since the end of World War II. This bill is also an important over-sight tool for Congress as we work to ensure accountability, efficiency, and effectiveness from our Nation’s mili-tary. The NDAA authorizes spending at a level of $574 billion for national de-fense base requirements and an addi-tional $36 billion for overseas contin-gency operations. This matches the total funding level of $610 billion that was requested by President Obama. These spending levels are needed to make critical investments that will begin to restore our military readiness. It seems like every day a new and alarming report comes out about the dire situation our military is in: planes can’t fly due to deferred repairs; troops aren’t adequately trained; there is a lack of naval vessels in critical thea-ters. These stories have begun the sad reality for our military in recent years, and we are putting the lives of our servicemembers at risk. b1230 To be clear, none of these are the fault of our servicemembers who con-tinue to rise to the challenge and do more with less. But we, as a Congress, have to fix this problem. The NDAA will put us back on track by strengthening our commitment to our military men and women. It fully funds the 2.1 percent pay raise for our troops and restores funding for train-ing and maintenance programs, while also helping rebuild crumbling facili-ties. The bill is also reform oriented. You are going to hear a lot about reform over these next 2 days. It includes long- needed reforms to the acquisition proc-ess and the Uniform Code of Military Justice, as well as boosting healthcare programs to ensure high quality and access to care. All told, there are five components of reform in this bill. I also want to briefly touch on a few issues up front that I know my col-leagues will likely bring up. First, this rule self-executes an amendment by Chairman S
ESSIONS of the Rules Com-mittee that would strike a provision of the bill relating to women and Selec-tive Service. This is an issue that the Armed Serv-ices Committee has not debated. No hearings have been held. It was added 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.003 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2440 May 17, 2016 
to the NDAA by an amendment in the dead of night. This rule removes that provision and allows Congress to prop-erly study the issue. Wherever you stand on the issue of including women in the draft, the American people should have the ben-efit of a full hearing, a full consider-ation of that issue. Jamming this thing into this bill and considering it with-out going through that is not right for the American people, whichever side they stand on. Making that the way this bill stands today is the right thing to do before we make a substantial change. I also know the President has some concerns about the way this year’s NDAA funds our military. The bill funds the overseas contingency oper-ation until April 2017, when a new President will have time to assess the security situation, and then they could submit a supplemental budget request based on their priorities. This is common for the first year of a new administration. Indeed, in 2008, then-Senator Barack Obama, then-Sen-ator John Kerry, and then-Senator J
OE B
IDEN all supported a similar strategy. So I find it very odd that they now op-pose that same strategy. The bottom line is that this bill ade-quately funds our military while meet-ing critical needs for military readi-ness and supporting overseas oper-ations. Let’s not let politics get in the way here. There is enough political theater taking place in the Presi-dential election. On this issue, this critical issue of national security, let’s come together as Democrats and Republicans and show the American people that we can work together on behalf of our military and our national defense. I urge my colleague to support House Resolution 732 and the underlying bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-tion to the rule providing for general debate on H.R. 4909, the NDAA, or Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. For 54 straight years, the United States Congress has come together in a bipartisan fashion to craft policies and recommendations for the United States Armed Forces and to put these into law. As has been indicated, of course, this is one of the most consequential and substantial items that we have. It is one of our responsibilities here in the United States Congress. Personally, I have found objections to some of the policies in the bill. Of course, I commend the work of the men and women on the Armed Services Committee on this legislation. I am going to highlight some of the prob-lems that exist and why many of us on both sides of the aisle will likely be op-posing the legislation. Many of my colleagues on the Armed Services Committee currently serve or have served in the Armed Forces. They are dedicated public servants, and they have worked hard on this bill. Of course, the bill includes the rest of us as well. Over 375 amendments have been of-fered to improve this bill. The Rules Committee will be meeting this after-noon to determine how many of those we make in order, and I hope that the Rules Committee makes in order a great number of these amendments. Of course, the first step under this rule is to make a few dozen amendments in order, and we will continue that work in the Rules Committee shortly. Mr. Speaker, for all the hard work that the Armed Services Committee has done, what we have before us this week is, unfortunately, an argument that needs to be resolved in the Budget Committee. What we have is effectively an ac-counting trick that drives us deeper into debt and increases the budget def-icit to pay for 1 year of increased de-fense spending. To this point, I object to having this budget debate even in the context of a defense bill. But by disregarding the proper use of what is called the overseas contingency operations account and by flouting the Budget Control Act agreed upon by Re-publicans and Democrats, unfortu-nately, this Armed Services bill has been overtaken by a debate on the Fed-eral budget. What we have before us is a bill that will increase the deficit and increase the debt above and beyond the spend-ing levels the Democrats and Repub-licans agreed to. The free-spending Re-publican Party continues to throw tax-payer dollar after taxpayer dollar. Do they just intend to drive up the debt or do they intend to increase your taxes? When we increase our deficit, it means increased taxes. Effectively, this Republican bill is a tax increase on future American families, like my kids. So this week we see a debate about the inability of the Republicans to pass a budget or adhere to a budget when they do agree to one. If the debate over our armed services was not such a serious topic, I would say that this was a very clever, elabo-rate budget scheme. And it is clever. It is far too clever, more so than the tra-ditional budget gimmicks that we have been presented with. I am going to explain to you exactly what this tax-and-spend Republican plan is. The bill authorizes $540 billion in discretionary base budget authority that includes $523 billion for the DOD and $19.5 billion for the Department of Energy’s defense work. But since the United States has been embroiled in conflict abroad since 2001, several administrations have requested and Congress has always granted an-other pot of money known as the over-seas contingency fund. This year the bill provides $59 billion for what we call overseas contingency. Now, together with the $543 billion base, plus the $59 million in overseas contingency, that equals the Presi-dent’s budget request. Now, as a reminder, the Republicans haven’t actually produced a budget this year; so, it is hard to make a com-parison. All we can do is compare it to the President’s budget because there is no House budget and there is no Repub-lican budget. We haven’t even seen one to be able to act on it or have a debate. Traditionally, we bring before the body several budgets and whichever one gets the most votes is the budget of the House. There are usually several budgets from the Democratic side, sev-eral budgets from the Republican side. In years past, there have even been bipartisan budgets which I have been honored to support. This year, how-ever, Republicans are not even allow-ing the House of Representatives to consider, no less pass, a budget. So what the NDAA does is it takes this overseas contingency account, which many consider to be a slush fund for Pentagon operations, and it takes $18 billion of that to pay for base oper-ations. Some of that $18 billion goes to fund the Pentagon’s unfunded priorities or what we might call their wish list or items that they couldn’t fit into the agreed-upon budget control number of $543 billion. So this busts through the deficit, in-creases the debt. It is a Republican plan to tax and spend, tax and spend, tax and spend, like they always do through accounting tricks that they are doing right here in the defense budget. So the Pentagon gets more of the big-ticket items they want. Taxpayers are left paying the bill to the det-riment of our economy, to the det-riment of job creation, so that our own kids have to pay future taxes, putting our Nation deeper and deeper in debt, which I should point out to my friends is a national security issue. When we are economically beholden to other nations like China or Saudi Arabia, that is as great, if not greater, a national security threat than the one we combat with the tanks and Armed Forces that this bill seeks to authorize. So it is very important to take that into account. If we look at what are the reasons that we defeated the Soviet Union dur-ing the cold war, they overinvested in their defense relative to their GDP, which effectively hurt their economy and made their economic model unsustainable because they were allo-cating too much to defense to try to keep up with where we were. If we mortgage our future to the Chi-nese and Saudi Arabians, how are we increasing our security, Mr. Speaker? In fact, we are decreasing our security to fund current consumption for 1 year at the price of mortgaging our future to foreign adversaries. By stealing $18 billion from the over-seas contingency account, the NDAA guarantees that we run out of money 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.017 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2441 May 17, 2016 
for overseas operations sometime in April 2017. And, of course, this Congress would never let money run out for op-erations against ISIS and Afghanistan and elsewhere. So, of course, when it comes down to it, this bill will come before Congress in April and Congress will make sure that we have the money we need to fight ISIS because they looted from this bill the money that was designed to fight ISIS to pay for items on the Pentagon’s wish list. So that is what is happening here. Rather than appropriating money to combat ISIS and Afghanistan and other countries for the full year, they are just doing it for a few months. They are taking some of that money, putting it into the base, mortgaging our future, putting burdens on tax-payers, and making us economically at risk of being dominated by the coun-tries that we continue to borrow from. Look, that is why the Secretary of Defense and that is why the President of the United States, the Commander in Chief, are completely against this way of budgeting. It is fiscally irre-sponsible. As the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee testified at the Rules Committee yesterday, this old gimmick probably violates the bipar-tisan Budget Control Act. When you do that, that is where the budget debate gets going. Congress has set limits on how much we can spend on defense versus nondefense. So when we run out of money next year under this NDAA plan, we are going to be forced to spend more. I mean, who before us is not going to spend the money we need to combat ISIS? Of course Congress will spend more. This is a plan to set up Congress to spend more. Of course, Congress will spend more regardless of who controls Congress. That is why budgets matter. That is why this arcane and esoteric gimmick in this bill matters. It is why we should have these debates in the Budget Com-mittee. It is why this Congress should pass a budget. It is why we should let the national defense bill be about de-fense rather than mortgaging our fu-ture. Look, if it wasn’t enough to have this budget smoke-and-mirrors debate in the defense bill, this year’s NDAA also has a debate about whether we should let taxpayer dollars subsidize discrimi-nation and whether we should encour-age corporate misconduct. Mr. Speaker, I am not going to dwell long on the subsidization of discrimina-tion and encouraging corporate mis-conduct, but I can’t fathom why there would be a place in this bill about na-tional defense for provisions that allow Federal contractors to discriminate against LGBT employees. That is unac-ceptable, bizarre, and contrary to meeting the security needs of our Na-tion. Also included in this bill is an exemp-tion from the President’s Fair Pay and Safe Workplace Executive Order. The place to debate that is in another com-mittee I serve on, the Education and the Workforce Committee, not the na-tional defense bill. Those need to be re-moved. Of course, this bill also strikes the Selective Service registration for women. The committee mark included women in Selective Service. Person-ally, I cosponsor a bill with Represent-ative M
IKECOFFMAN to eliminate Se-lective Service that would save money. And, of course, in my entire lifetime, there has not been a draft. If we are going to have a Selective Service system, of course, it needs to include women. Women serve in every single combat role. It needs to include everybody so we can mobilize man-power and womanpower most effec-tively. But, unfortunately, that has been stripped out of this bill. I believe we should take a hard look at doing away with Selective Service entirely. Of course, at the very least, we should include both men and women at the age of 18. To move forward without any real debate on this issue and to strike that section without meaningful floor de-bate is bad policy, bad procedure. It is an offense to the committee which put it into the bill and yet another reason I plan on opposing the bill. There are other pieces of this bill which I and many Democrats and Re-publicans object to. There is a lot of time to go into those, which I will do depending on how many speakers we have. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I was listening very carefully to my colleague, and I heard him talk about what is being proposed in this bill as being accounting tricks and cover. I am going to repeat again that what this bill is doing is exactly what then- Senator Obama, then-Senator Kerry, then-Senator B
IDEN voted for in 2008. There is nothing new here. We are going into another President, and we are giving that President an oppor-tunity to take a look at the situation and come back to us and tell us what they want. He said that this will drive up the deficit. It only drives up the deficit if we are not willing to work together to cut in other places because national de-fense is more important than anything else we do. If we don’t want to drive up the def-icit—and I sure don’t want to drive up the deficit—let’s talk about some seri-ous cuts to other parts of the budget that aren’t nearly as important as na-tional defense. He called the overseas contingency account a slush fund. It is a fund di-rectly requested by President Obama. It was requested by the President be-fore him. It is something we have done for a while. It is adequately accounted for. There is plenty of oversight over it. So it is not a slush fund at all. The gentleman from Colorado said that we should be careful about over-investing as the Russians did relative to GDP. If you look at what the de-fense spending is as a percentage of the American GDP, for the last several years it has gone down. It is so much lower than it was even just a few years ago. In fact, we now know it is dan-gerously low because of what our ad-versaries—Russia, China, et cetera— are doing. b1245 He talked about that this bill some-how encourages corporate misconduct. This bill has more reforms in it than we have seen in years that are going to require more and more people to toe the line, as they should when we are spending the taxpayers’ money. He said that there is something in this bill that might have something to do with LGBT discrimination. No, sir. Mr. Speaker, what is in this bill, what is going to be proposed for this bill, is something that gets to people’s reli-gious freedom. We don’t treat religious freedom seriously enough in this body. We act as if it is somehow now a sec-ondary right. Well, it is a primary right. It has always been a primary right, and we should always stand up for it in this body. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAM-
BORN ). Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Alabama for his good work on this rule and on this bill. I want to talk about the critical part of the bill and an amendment that was proposed and then withdrawn, and that has to do with Iran’s heavy water pro-duction. The reason this amendment was withdrawn and won’t be under con-sideration in the Committee on Rules for discussion later today is because it deserves to have stand-alone treat-ment. It is that important. Heavy water is used to produce weap-ons-grade plutonium. Its distinctive properties make it a critical compo-nent in the production of nuclear weap-ons. Now, the nuclear deal that some of the Senators voted for—not by two- thirds by any means—forbids Iran from stockpiling more than 130 tons of heavy water during the initial years of the deal, and they will be allowed to produce 90 tons later. But they are re-quired, under the deal, to redesign and rebuild their Arak facility to support its ‘‘peaceful’’ needs and research. So Iran did agree to keep pace with international technological advance-ment trends and rely only on light water, not heavy water, for future nu-clear power, yet they have been pro-ducing heavy water nevertheless. The Wall Street Journal has exposed the proposed purchase of Iran’s over-produced heavy water, stating that the administration is encouraging ‘‘Tehran to stick to the nuclear agreement reached last year.’’ So apparently the administration is seeking to entice others to purchase 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.018 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2442 May 17, 2016 
Iran’s overproduced heavy water by making the first purchase. U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz said: ‘‘That will be a statement to the world: ‘You want to buy heavy water from Iran, you can buy heavy water from Iran. It’s been done. Even the United States did it.’’’ So we are enabling Iran to vio-late the terms of the deal, and we are going out and buying this, using tax-payer dollars nevertheless. Now, if the Iranians cannot or simply will not keep the deal, we have to come up with a better deal, not bail them out of aspects of the deal that they don’t want to comply with. So this pro-posed purchase by the administration violates the intention of the deal and the will of the American people. We can’t let this administration or the speech writer Ben Rhodes or their fab-ricated echo chamber deceive us any longer. By the way, this speech writer, Ben Rhodes, admitted in a New York Times article published just the other day that they took things they knew not to be true and misled the American peo-ple on purpose to get the deal passed. We must not authorize funds to pur-chase heavy water from Iran. Because this issue is so important, I will work with leadership to make sure that we consider this later as stand-alone legis-lation. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Mas-sachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak against this rule that repeals a provision that was added to the NDAA, the National Defense Au-thorization Act, after a bipartisan, re-corded vote in committee which ex-pands the Selective Service System to include women. That provision was in line with the Secretary of Defense’s de-cision to eliminate the ban on women serving in direct ground combat posi-tions and the recognition that women are much needed across all aspects of military capability. This rule precludes Congress from having an open and transparent debate about this very important issue that impacts women’s equality. If we want a full hearing, is there no better place than on the floor of this House? This rule would prevent that. Gender equality is achieved when women and men enjoy the same rights, opportunities, and responsibilities across all sectors of society, including military service, and when the abili-ties, aspirations, and talents of women and men are equally valued. Including women in the draft is a step toward that equality. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. POLIS. I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Mas-sachusetts. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, this po-sition is shared by both Army Chief of Staff Mark Milley and Marine Com-mandant Robert Neller. I urge my colleagues to reject this rule that denies the current reality of military service, limits gender equal-ity, ignores a bipartisan vote, and does not allow for an open and transparent debate on the floor of the House. Mr. BYRNE. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I completely agree with my colleague who just spoke that, if we are going to do this, we should have a full debate on it. But we should also let the American people be heard. Because of the way this happened in committee, there was no public hearing beforehand. There was no notice to the American people that this was going to be considered. So the most important people we need to hear from on this haven’t been heard from, and they need to be heard from. The way to do that is for us to an-nounce that we are considering this; have full public hearings in committee; and then, after having full public hear-ings, the committee makes a decision and brings something to this floor for us to debate. But for us to bring up an issue of that magnitude without having gone through the process of letting the American people be truly heard here, that is not appropriate. So while I understand exactly what my colleague just said—I was there for the committee meeting. I know that there was a vote on it. It was a vote after we had no debate in committee, no hearings, no opportunity for the American people to be heard—if we are going to take an issue like this and bring it to the floor of this House, we need to do all of that or we wouldn’t be doing our job. So I respectfully dis-agree with her. I think the self-exe-cuting amendment by Chairman S
ES-
SIONS is appropriate, and I would urge my colleagues to support that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would say in response to my friend that the committee did a lot of work through the night and voted on a number of issues that Mem-bers raised, and many of the items that they voted on were not subject to their own hearings. What we are seeing here is a failure of Speaker R
YANto follow through on his pledge for regular order. What is regular order? There is a committee markup of the bill for good or bad. Sometimes the chairman has things in that bill he or she doesn’t want. Other times it is exactly like they want it. That gets reported out to the Committee on Rules, and other Members have a chance to change it. If any Member of this body wanted to re-move women from the Selective Serv-ice, which was in the HASC markup, they would simply offer an amendment to do so. That is the normal process. There would be debate and there would be a vote. Instead of that process, there is a mysterious self-executing amendment in the rule itself; so the rule, itself, controverts the actual bill that the HASC reported out. It actually changes the very bill that the committee worked on without a vote, without de-bate, and that is the opposite of reg-ular order, the opposite of the process that allows Members to fully debate and vet these issues. This rule actually stifles the debate on this very issue that the HASC weighed in on. It is my understanding it is in the Senate bill, to include women in Selective Service as well. I think it will likely be in any con-ference report that comes out. But for whatever reason, rather than having the debate and vote on the floor, it is being hidden behind a procedural trick in a self-executing rule. I yield 21⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ) to discuss the bill and the rule. Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak on important provisions contained within the National Defense Authorization Act. I have said many times that too lit-tle attention has been given to a long- term political strategy in our fight against ISIL. That is why I worked with colleagues from both sides of the aisle to include an amendment now contained in the bill that requires the administration to develop an inte-grated political and military strategy to defeat ISIS. Without this strategy, we risk repeating mistakes of the past. We largely defeated al Qaeda in Iraq militarily in 2009 but failed to follow through on the root causes and ensure the success of Iraqi politics going for-ward. It created a political vacuum that ISIS grew into. We cannot afford to make that mistake again. Second, we should all be able to agree that our military personnel and vet-erans deserve the best health care in the world. That is why I am proud to report the bill also contains provisions I worked on with several Members to address the increased rates of suicide in our military. Since 2012, suicide has been the leading cause of death in our military. In the past 3 years alone, the suicide rate has been nearly 50 percent greater than in the civilian population. The Department of Defense needs to take an aggressive approach in solving this crisis. My amendment included in the bill would identify trends and in-stances of suicides and require better proactive and reactive mental health care for active personnel. Finally, I want to call attention to the urgent need to continue the Special Immigrant Visa program for Afghans who worked for U.S. forces. A bipar-tisan amendment before the Com-mittee on Rules now would remove the unfortunate narrowing of eligibility re-quirements included in the mark, which would prevent hundreds of Af-ghans whose lives are at risk because of their work for our country from even being considered for resettlement in the United States. The narrowing of eligibility inten-tionally excludes hundreds of Afghans who worked for the U.S. State Depart-ment, USAID, and U.S. security con-tractors in a number of capacities, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.019 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2443 May 17, 2016 
many of whom face well-documented death threats due to their work with our government, regardless of whether that was with frontline troops or on an American base. By narrowing eligi-bility, the program would erode the ex-pectations of hundreds of Afghan staff whose lives remain in danger because of their work for the U.S. mission and also make it more difficult to hire and retain qualified Afghan staff who are essential to achieving our diplomatic and assistance goals. For that risk and sacrifice, the very least we can do is offer them a chance to stay alive, to keep living, rather than abandoning them to the same enemies they united with us to destroy. Mr. BYRNE. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my col-league from Massachusetts and all the points that he has made. Indeed, there were a number of bipartisan amend-ments that were added to the bill dur-ing that very long day and night that we spent considering it, which just points out the bipartisan nature of what we are doing here. On the committee, we try to work to-gether to find the right way forward for the defense of America. When col-leagues on either side of the aisle offer something that is common sense and we think will work, we work together to make sure it gets in the bill, and that is what he just alluded to. He also alluded to an amendment that he hopes will be added as a result of the Committee on Rules meeting this afternoon. We are going to be con-sidering an awful lot of amendments this afternoon. There are over 60 amendments that we have made in order in this rule, bipartisan amend-ments, so this is a very strong effort on our part to make sure that this is a bi-partisan bill; and as a bipartisan bill, it deserves bipartisan support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, it is par-ticularly ironic that the gentleman is touting the bipartisan amendments. It is one of those bipartisan amendments that adds women in the Selective Serv-ice that is stripped out of the HASC bill, of the committee’s bill right here in this rule, through a self-executing amendment. So this rule, if it were to pass—and I hope it doesn’t. I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle vote ‘‘no.’’ This rule undoes one of those very bi-partisan amendments that the gen-tleman is touting. I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. I thank the Committee on Armed Services for the hard work they did to produce this bill. I am not going to support it. The most important function that we have is to make certain that America is secure. Our defense authorization bill is a major component of that, but I believe this bill fails in some funda-mental respects. Number one, the budget is very large. We are approaching $700 billion. But throwing money at a problem does not solve a problem. What we are doing as we throw more money at a problem without making hard decisions is we generate and accept as inevitable an immense amount of inefficiency. Number two, there is an overreliance on the OCO funding. First of all, OCO, off budget, should be debated, and it should be appropriated. It should be subject to all budget caps. But to then begin using it not just for overseas con-tingency operations but to actually in-vest in major weapons systems is a gross mistake that is just going to lead to a weaker budgeting system that is essential, in my view, to our national security. b1115 Of that OCO funding, money would be used for weapon systems like the F/A– 18E Super Hornet and the F–35. The $35 billion in the OCO authorization is for war requirements, including dollar amounts in the millions. Now, the other issue with respect to OCO—and another failure in this bill— is we are once again continuing to have military operations—this country is at war—without having any debate on an Authorization for Use of Military Force. That should be part of it. Third, we have significant issues in NATO. As the Speaker and my col-league, the chairman, know, NATO is absolutely essential to our defense. But the time for the United States to be bearing as big a burden for that defense has come to a conclusion. We will bear the majority of the ex-pense, but the commitment on our NATO allies is to reach 2 percent of their gross domestic product in defense spending. If our NATO allies are not doing that, we are asking the American taxpayer to do it. These are mature de-mocracies. They have stable econo-mies. It is about time that we asked for this to absolutely happen. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. WELCH. The real fundamental question for us is whether or not in this defense budget we are going to ask what are the fundamental strategic ne-cessities of the United States to be in a strong posture to defend itself. The approach of just throwing more money and maintaining weapons sys-tems that our military is not even ask-ing for, of blinking on the question of personnel review—all of these things are just postponed for another day. They need to be faced today. So, Mr. Speaker, I thank the com-mittee for its work, but I will not be supporting this bill. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gen-tleman from Vermont. He and I and a group of Members of this body met re-cently with members of the German Bundestag and the Russian Duma to talk about these very issues, and it was a most enlightening trip for all of us. By the way, all of us went as American citizens, as Members of the United States Congress, not as Democrats or Republicans. One of the most troubling things that we learned from that trip is that the Russians continue to invest at a sig-nificantly higher level than we are in terms of their increases every year and their military activities. That is why they have been so successful in Ukraine, why they have been so suc-cessful recently in Syria. So this bill begins to turn back around so that we are investing properly. If I thought that we were throwing money at the problem, if my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and the Armed Services Committee thought we were just throwing money at the prob-lem, this bill would not have received a 60–2 vote in committee, I can tell you that. The inefficiencies the gentleman talked about we are very concerned about. That is why there is so much re-form in this bill. There are five dif-ferent components that deal with re-form. We can’t expect American tax-payers to pay for any part of the gov-ernment that is inefficient, including our military. He brought up the Authorization for Use of Military Force. We had a big de-bate about this in committee, and I asked my staff: Why can’t we consider an Authorization for Use of Military Force in our committee? I think we should. I was told and we found out by read-ing the War Powers Act, a law passed by Congress in 1973, that, under that law, jurisdiction for the Authorization for Use of Military Force is vested in the Foreign Affairs Committee, not in the Armed Services Committee, so we could not consider that when it came before the committee. And then, finally, as to his comments about NATO, I share a lot of his con-cerns. I think many of us do. There is nothing wrong and everything right with expecting our NATO allies to meet their 2 percent obligation. Most of them are not doing that. I do believe the administration is working with them to get them to that point, but I don’t think we should ever miss an opportunity to keep the heat on them to do that. Ultimately, the de-fense that we provide over in Europe through NATO is the defense of those countries. So I think it is appropriate that the gentleman brought up that point. I hope the administration will continue to do that, and I hope that we will con-tinue to back any effort that is taken by this administration or the next to do that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to take some time to highlight some of the terrible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.020 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2444 May 17, 2016 
environmental provisions that run counter to our national security imper-ative to create a more sustainable soci-ety that are in this bill or that have been submitted as amendments to this bill. For instance, there has been an amendment that would block imple-mentation of the collaborative Federal land use plans and prevent listing of the sage-grouse under the Endangered Species Act for the next decade. We have had extensive hearings in another committee I serve on, the Nat-ural Resources Committee. This has nothing to do with defense. In fact, we hold up the collaborative Federal land use plan as an example of how to avoid listing this species and, yet, make sure that we can maintain a viable habitat. I think it was a great success. I think it is ridiculous that we are talking about amending a national defense bill to undo something that we have had extensive hearings on in the Natural Resources Committee and is held up by all parties involved as a huge success. In addition, there is going to be an amendment offered to sell off over 800,000 acres of the Desert National Wildlife Refuge in Nevada. It would be transferred to the Air Force, which has not requested a transfer. The Air Force has not requested this land for any military use; yet, there is a bill to im-pose the management of these lands on the Air Force. It would represent a harmful public land sell-off precedent. It is important habitat for desert bighorn sheep, mule deer, mountain lions, and other wild-life. As we mentioned, the Air Force has not requested the stewardship of these lands. Of course, it would put a costly new burden on the Air Force to the detriment of our national security. In addition, there are two provisions already in the NDAA that will remove or block Federal endangered species protections for the American bur-rowing beetle and the lesser prairie chicken. Again, I am happy to have those de-bates. But what on Earth do they have to do with national defense, and why are they in the committee bill? Section 2866 would block ESA protec-tions for the lesser prairie chicken for 6 years and then impose arbitrary re-strictions on whether the Secretary of the Interior can relist the lesser prairie chicken, regardless of its biological status, even if there is only a handful left or it is nearing extinction. Section 2866 would also immediately and permanently remove the burrowing beetle for protection under the Endan-gered Species Act and prevent it from receiving any protections in the future. Our biodiversity is a source of strength. To somehow have a backdoor attempt—if you can’t get these things through the proper regular order of the Natural Resources Committee, to somehow say that the burrowing beetle has something to do with national de-fense is a great stretch of our rules of germaneness that we have here in the body of this House. More perilously, more dangerously, there is language in the House NDAA bill that is a repeal of section 526 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. The purpose of this law is to re-duce the Department of Defense’s de-pendence on oil from hostile regimes of the world. So it is a disparate element of ad-vanced lower carbon fuels to promote energy security. Repealing this provi-sion is something the Department of Defense does not want. It would be un-wise for our clean energy future. So this bill actually detracts from the current language in the repeal of section 526. It reduces our energy secu-rity as a Nation, renders us to be more reliant on foreign powers for our oil, just as the budgetary tricks in this bill will force us to borrow more from China and Saudi Arabia to spend this year. Finally, there is some damaging lan-guage about aquatic invasive species, which, of course, cost billions of dollars annually when we deal with the zebra mussels in lakes in Colorado, damaging shipping, damage to industrial and gov-ernment facilities. Invasive species cause great irreversible damage to coastal and inland waters, including some in my district. Once a nonnative species invades a lake or river, it is basically impossible to eliminate, as we know. S. 373, the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, or VIDA, would discard the Clean Waters Act goal of stopping further invasive species and replace it with a law that would instead put ineffective standards for removing invasive species from ships’ ballast water discharges that bear no relation to protection of water quality. So, again, this bill will strip out very important measures that would pre-vent the dissemination of invasive spe-cies. Even in the lakes in my district, including in Grand County, we have had a devastating impact of the zebra mussel invasive species both on local habitat as well as directly on rec-reational ships and boaters. There is not a direct military aspect to where we are, but, again, this ap-plies to both military and shipping and is a great cost to the American econ-omy when these invasive species threaten us. Again, these are issues people may differ on. I am happy to have that de-bate. In fact, it is a little bit of de´ja`vu. I feel like I have had that debate on the Natural Resources Committee. We have debated many of these same things. But instead of bills being reported out of that committee and coming to the floor, apparently, the NDAA is seen by some as a catchall to attack our en-vironmental safeguards. That is wrong. That actually detracts from our na-tional security. It makes us more reli-ant on foreign oil. It is the wrong di-rection for the bill, the wrong direction for national defense. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I wish we didn’t have to deal with environmental issues on the Armed Services Committee, but, unfor-tunately, we have military bases all across the United States where they are being limited in what they want to do, what they could potentially do, by other Federal agencies that are using their powers to tell our defense folks that they can’t do things that are im-portant to carrying out their military mission. So I heard my colleague, and I know of his service on the Natural Resources Committee and the good work of that committee. But when you have those agencies beginning to impinge on our ability to deliver on national defense, I think that is under the jurisdiction of our committee. We have gotten waivers to be able to take these issues up from those committees, including the Nat-ural Resources Committee. Look, I am not saying the sage- grouse or the beetle is not important, but they are not more important than the defense of the United States of America. We have dealt with these issues in a responsible way. I hope and pray that the time will come when we won’t ever have to talk about that in the Armed Services Committee again. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. I still remain hard pressed to see how the burrowing beetle or the lesser prai-rie chicken are somehow a security issue that needs to be addressed in the National Defense Authorization Act. Look, there are a number of other flaws with the bill. It greatly overfunds our nuclear weapons activities, which will cost taxpayers hundreds of billions over the next 10 years. I have offered an amendment to reduce this. This is for a stockpile of weapons that could be greatly reduced and still maintain the capability of destroying the world many times over, however useful that capability may be. I think it should be good enough that we have enough capability to destroy the world three or four times instead of seven times. God forbid, we don’t have enough capabilities to destroy the en-tire world and wipe out life. This bill does not include, as had been mentioned, an Authorization for Use of Military Force for our ongoing operations in Iraq, Syria, and else-where. Despite repeated calls to write an updated authorization, despite the belief of many Members on both sides of the aisle, the current war is illegal. This Congress has taken zero mean-ingful action to date. We should change that or at least debate changing that this week. As I said before, when you have a na-tional security bill that mortgages our future, makes us more reliant on for-eign oil, you wonder at what point you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.021 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2445 May 17, 2016 
should stop calling it a national secu-rity bill and start calling it a national insecurity bill. The vision that my constituents have, the vision that I have, for a safe and secure America is not one with bloated budget deficits and borrowing from China and Saudi Arabia. It is not one where we cut off our own renew-able energies program so we can rely more on foreign oil. It is not one where we borrow more from our kids’ future and mortgage them. That is not the se-cure America that we should seek as a United States Congress. These are the kinds of questions that we should be debating in the defense bill. But instead of focusing on these real questions of how to improve our armed services and how to provide for the national defense, the general de-bate we will see under this rule will dedicate a large portion to debate on the budget and the looting of this over-seas contingency fund, which Congress will have to come back and backfill in April, therefore mortgaging our future and increasing our national debt to fund. Instead of actually passing a budget, this Congress is having a backdoor budget debate, debating it now. It is the wrong way to do things. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule that would shed light on the secret money in politics. The DISCLOSE Act, authored by Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , would require outside groups to disclose the source of the contributions they are using to fund their campaigns. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule with the self- executing language which undoes the committee language, in violation of regular order. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1315 Mr. BYRNE. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate and respect the gentleman from Colorado and his earnestness and all of what he has said today; and I do agree with him that there are many things that we need to debate on this floor and that we will be debating on this floor over the next 2 days. But let’s make sure we don’t lose sight of the central thing we are here to do, and that is to protect and defend the people of the United States. Yes, there are going to be some ex-traneous issues, issues that we wish we didn’t even have to talk about; but at the end of the day, we are going to come back to that central function, that most important function that we have, and that is defending the people of the United States. Because of things that have happened before today, the readiness of our Armed Forces, the people we charge with the direct responsibility of de-fending us, the readiness has come down steadily. Planes can’t fly. Armed vehicles can’t drive. Weapons don’t function. We don’t have enough train-ing for our troops. So we have listened to all of the uni-formed commanders that have come before our committee and heard the dire circumstances we face all across the national defense of this country, and this bill begins to turn that around. It is not a big enough turnaround. We have got a lot of work to do to get back to where we need to be, but this begins that process of getting our Armed Forces ready in a way that is meaning-ful and responsible for them but also will create the actual effect of pro-tecting the American people. We have put into this bill very im-portant reforms, reforms that we have been needing to look at for a long time, that will require our military to be more efficient, save taxpayer dollars, but also make them more effective in their jobs. This bill does what we, as a House, are charged with doing, and that is set-ting responsible policy for defending the United States of America. I hope that everyone, as we debate the amendments and the underlying bill over the next 2 days, will keep cen-tral in their mind that that is what this is all about and that we will strive to do this in a bipartisan fashion, as we have done on the Committee on Armed Services and as we have done on the Committee on Rules. This needs to be a bipartisan bill. This needs to be a bipartisan vote. If we really care about this country, if we really care about those men and women in uniform, then it is important for us to understand that we have a bi-partisan responsibility to make sure that we provide for them and provide for the defense of the American people. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 732 and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 732OFFERED BY  M
R. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 5. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 430) to amend the Fed-eral Election Campaign Act of 1971 to pro-vide for additional disclosure requirements for corporations, labor organizations, and other entities, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not ex-ceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and rank-ing minority members of the Committees on House Administration, the Judiciary, and Ways and Means. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 6. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 430. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.022 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2446 May 17, 2016 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amend-ment a bill of the House of the fol-lowing title: 
H.R. 4957. An act to designate the Federal building located at 99 New York Avenue, N.E., in the District of Columbia as the ‘‘Aries Rios Federal Building’’. f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO BURMA—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–135) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to Burma that was declared on May 20, 1997, is to continue in effect beyond May 20, 2016. The Government of Burma has made significant progress across a number of important areas since 2011, including the release of over 1,300 political pris-oners, a peaceful and competitive elec-tion, the signing of a Nationwide Ceasefire Agreement with eight ethnic armed groups, the discharge of hun-dreds of child soldiers from the mili-tary, steps to improve labor standards, and expanding political space for civil society to have a greater voice in shap-ing issues critical to Burma’s future. In addition, Burma has become a signa-tory of the International Atomic En-ergy Agency’s Additional Protocol and ratified the Biological Weapons Con-vention, significant steps towards sup-porting global non-proliferation. De-spite these strides, the situation in the country continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the na-tional security and foreign policy of the United States. Concerns persist regarding continued obstacles to full civilian control of the government, the ongoing conflict and human rights abuses in the country, particularly in ethnic minority areas, and military trade with North Korea. In addition, Burma’s security forces, operating with little oversight from the civilian government, often act with impunity. We are further concerned that prisoners remain detained and that police continue to arrest critics of the government for peacefully express-ing their views. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to con-tinue the national emergency with re-spect to Burma. Despite this action, the United States remains committed to working with both the new government and the people of Burma to ensure that the democratic transition is irreversible. BARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , May 17, 2016. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record vote on the postponed question will be taken later. 
f 
ZIKA VECTOR CONTROL ACT Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 897) to amend the Federal Insecti-cide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 897 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Zika Vector Control Act’’. 
SEC. 2. USE OF AUTHORIZED PESTICIDES. 
Section 3(f) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a(f)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) U
SE OF AUTHORIZED PESTICIDES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in section 402(s) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, the Administrator or a State may not require a permit under such Act for a discharge from a point source into navi-gable waters of a pesticide authorized for sale, distribution, or use under this Act, or the residue of such a pesticide, resulting from the application of such pesticide. ‘‘(B) S
UNSET .—This paragraph shall cease to be effective on September 30, 2018.’’. 
SEC. 3. DISCHARGES OF PESTICIDES. 
Section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) D
ISCHARGES OF PESTICIDES .— ‘‘(1) N
O PERMIT REQUIREMENT .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), a permit shall not be required by the Administrator or a State under this Act for a discharge from a point source into navigable waters of a pesticide authorized for sale, distribution, or use under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, or the residue of such a pesticide, resulting from the application of such pesticide. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the following discharges of a pes-ticide or pesticide residue: ‘‘(A) A discharge resulting from the appli-cation of a pesticide in violation of a provi-sion of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act that is relevant to pro-tecting water quality, if— ‘‘(i) the discharge would not have occurred but for the violation; or ‘‘(ii) the amount of pesticide or pesticide residue in the discharge is greater than would have occurred without the violation. ‘‘(B) Stormwater discharges subject to reg-ulation under subsection (p). ‘‘(C) The following discharges subject to regulation under this section: ‘‘(i) Manufacturing or industrial effluent. ‘‘(ii) Treatment works effluent. ‘‘(iii) Discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel, including a discharge resulting from ballasting operations or ves-sel biofouling prevention. ‘‘(3) S
UNSET .—This subsection shall cease to be effective on September 30, 2018.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 897. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 897, the Zika Vector Control Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.004 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2447 May 17, 2016 
This summer, it is evident that the Nation will have to contend with the outbreak of the known Zika virus. Like West Nile virus, it is spread to people primarily through the bite of an in-fected mosquito. It has been a year since the first alerts of the Zika virus spreading to Brazil were issued. Since then, the virus has been spreading north, and with warmer months approaching, communities in the United States should be given the tools necessary to stop Zika. Many States, counties, and munici-palities rely on mosquito-spraying pro-grams to protect public health, espe-cially with the threats like Zika, which is particularly harmful to pregnant women. But protecting communities from Zika and other mosquito-borne dis-eases has become difficult thanks to a burdensome and duplicative Federal regulation that requires more time and money to be spent on compliance rath-er than protecting the health and safe-ty of the American people. Congress cannot let this bureaucratic nonsense stand in the way of poten-tially preventing a public health crisis like the spread of the Zika virus. For 60 years, before the Clean Water Act was passed, the Federal Insecti-cide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, known as FIFRA, regulated the use of pesticides in the United States. Even after the Clean Water Act was imple-mented, the Environmental Protection Agency believed that FIFRA was the appropriate regulatory authority for pesticides. It was only after the decision by the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals in the case, National Cotton Council v. EPA, were permits under the Clean Water Act required for pesticide use. This case vacated a 2006 EPA rule that codi-fied their longstanding interpretation that the application of a pesticide for its intended purposes, and in compli-ance with the requirements of FIFRA, is not a discharge of a pollutant under the Clean Water Act and, therefore, an NPDES permit is not required. To put this in simple terms, the court’s ruling cast aside Congress’ in-tent in pesticide permits, and added an-other layer of bureaucracy for entities that work to protect the public health. In vacating the rule, the Sixth Cir-cuit Court simply reversed sensible agency interpretation, and instituted a new Federal policy by judicial decision. In the process, the court undermined the traditional understanding of how the Clean Water Act interacts with other environmental statutes, and ex-panded the scope of the Clean Water Act regulation further into areas and activities not originally envisioned or intended by Congress, and against longstanding EPA interpretation. As a result of this court decision, EPA has been required to develop and impose a new and expanded NPDES permitting process under the Clean Water Act to cover pesticide use. EPA has estimated that approxi-mately 365,000 pesticide users, includ-ing State agencies, cities, counties, and mosquito control districts, water dis-tricts, pesticide applicators, farmers, ranchers, forest managers, scientists, and even everyday citizens that per-form some of the 5.6 million pesticide applications annually, are affected by the court’s ruling. This substantially increases the number of entities sub-ject to NPDES permitting. With this ill-advised court decision, Federal and State agencies are expend-ing vital funds to initiate and maintain Clean Water Act permitting programs governing pesticide applications, and a wide range of public and private pes-ticide users are now facing increased fi-nancial and administrative burdens in order to comply with the new unneces-sary permitting process. Despite what the fear mongers sug-gest, all this expense comes with no ad-ditional environmental protection. NPDES compliance costs and fears of potentially ruinous litigation associ-ated with NPDES requirements are forcing States, counties, mosquito con-trol districts, and other pest control programs to reduce their operations and redirect resources in order to com-ply with the regulatory requirements. We know that routine mosquito pre-vention programs have been reduced due to the NPDES requirements. Two anecdotal examples: In Orchard City, Colorado, the city council decided to abandon their aerial mosquito spraying due to the new NPDES permits. The Colorado Aerial Applicator Associa-tion, which was certified, completely discontinued all aquatic application services due to compliance of either the Colorado or NPDES permits. In Utah, for the last 3 years, an Idaho-based NAA operator has been contracted with a homeowner associa-tion north of Salt Lake City for treat-ment of mosquitos. It was not uncom-mon for him to treat 17,000 acres in one night. The NPDES permit makes it impos-sible for him to continue his services as he will be liable for noncompliance be-cause the client/decisionmaker did not require any sort of paperwork other than to substantiate that his equip-ment was calibrated, thereby consti-tuting noncompliance under that Fed-eral permit system. b1330 In 2012, this most likely increased the impact of the record-breaking out-break of West Nile virus around the Nation. In response to those West Nile out-breaks, many States and communities were forced to declare public health emergencies, but this was only after the outbreak of the West Nile virus. So what happens here when they have an outbreak, an epidemic of West Nile in their community, they can declare an emergency, and they don’t have to get any permits. They can just go out and spray to attack the epidemic. So let’s do this right and do it under the permitting process, but let’s have a process that works. It is absolutely irresponsible to allow a public health crisis to get to this emergency stage, and then we have the ability to prevent it before removing a simple regulatory barrier. H.R. 897 will enable communities to resume conducting routine preventive mosquito control programs without ad-ditional bureaucracy getting in the way. H.R. 897 provides a limited exemption for pesticides regulated by FIFRA and used under its product label—which is, by the way, approved by the EPA. Keep in mind, the pesticides necessary to combat Zika and stop the spread of mosquitos are already appropriately regulated under FIFRA. The red tape and compliance costs of an additional NPDES permit make it more difficult for our applicator sprayers to stop the Zika virus. FIFRA regulation includes human health and environmental safeguards when pesticides are approved, includ-ing the rules of label use of a pesticide. Adding an NPDES requirement is re-dundant and unnecessary. H.R. 897 was drafted very narrowly to address only the Sixth Circuit Court’s decision and gives State and local enti-ties that spray to control mosquito populations the certainty and the abil-ity needed to protect public health. This commonsense legislation even re-ceived technical assistance from the EPA to achieve that goal safely and ef-fectively. Well over 100 organizations rep-resenting a wide variety of public and private entities and thousands of stakeholders support a legislative reso-lution of this issue. Just to name a few, these organizes include: the American Mosquito Control Association, the Na-tional Association of State Depart-ments of Agriculture, the National Water Resources Association, the American Farm Bureau Federation, the National Farmers Union, the Fam-ily Farm Alliance, the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, CropLife America, the Biopesticide In-dustry Alliance, the Responsible Indus-try for a Sound Environment, the Agri-cultural Retailers Association, and the National Agricultural Aviation Asso-ciation. I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER  for his leadership on the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee as well as Chairman C
ONAWAY of the Ag Committee and Ranking Member C
OLLIN PETERSON of the Agriculture Committee for their leadership on this important public health issue. This is a responsible, commonsense bill that will help ensure public health officials aren’t fighting Zika with their hands tied behind their back. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support H.R. 897. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.028 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2448 May 17, 2016 
Well, Groundhog Day came a month earlier this Congress. That is how I de-scribed this bill 2 years ago, July, be-cause this is the third time that we have considered this bill. Now, we must admit the rationale has changed. Just last week—last week—it was named the Zika Control Act. But before that, it was the Regulatory Burden Removal Act. So the first time it was considered, it was H.R. 1749. That one, the 109th Con-gress defeated. That was for West Nile virus—whoops. Then H.R. 872, last Con-gress, Reducing the Regulation Bur-dens Act, at the request of the Amer-ican Farm Bureau because of a huge burden; and now just renamed last week, we are going to try and game a very serious thing, which is the poten-tial spread of Zika, for which the Re-publicans thus far have appropriated zero dollars to help the States—zero. Now we are going to pretend we are doing something here today about Zika. It is not about Zika. Now, this is pretty darn personal for me because the reason we have this rule is because of a huge, massive fish kill in Oregon—a misapplication of pes-ticide, an aquatic pesticide, into an ir-rigation canal. We are talking about applications in or near water. People drink water, fish swim in water, and other things are dependent upon water. We are talking about, no, we don’t want to have the EPA watch the pesticide operators who are putting pesticides in or around water. They should not be allowed to do that. Now, 92,000 steelhead died in Oregon, and that was essentially the beginning of this rule. Now they are saying this is horribly burdensome. Well, first off, in my State, my one, little, isolated State, we have 825 miles of rivers that are showing a significant level of pesticides, 10,000 acres of lakes. Nationwide, it is hundreds of thousands of miles, tens of thousands of miles and hundreds of thousands of acres. We haven’t been testing for pesticide residues in water, in drinking water, until very recently. But now we don’t want to do that anymore. We don’t want people to know. Let’s just stop, because this is a horrible burden. Well, actually, not so much. This is controlled at two levels: the EPA and the States. Now, we just heard one anecdote about an aerial applicator in one State that just came up yesterday, unnamed, anecdotal, they suspended operations. Why? Who knows why? We don’t know why. There are no facts be-hind it. But we should end the whole program nationwide because of one anecdote regarding one applicator who may have been misapplying it in Colo-rado. We don’t know. So the committee asked the EPA and the States, how many people have com-plained and have had their operations interrupted? Interesting answer: zero and zero. The 50 States say zero, except we now hear about an anecdote in Colo-rado, and the EPA says zero. So now we are going to pretend this has something to do with Zika. This has nothing to do with Zika. It has to do with whether or not someone is going to misapply a pesticide that is going to get in your drinking water. Now, we should become kind of sen-sitive about drinking water after what happened in Michigan, but, nah, we don’t care. Get rid of those stinking regulators. Don’t worry. No one would ever misapply a pesticide. It won’t get in your drinking water and won’t kill fish—even though it clearly did that in Oregon. So this is really a kind of transparent renaming and opportun-istic approach to Zika. How about considering a real bill to put some real money to partner with the States to deal with this? By the way, they can spray wherever they want because of a declared emergency, so it is automatically covered. But we are going to pretend that somehow we are going to facilitate the spread of Zika if we don’t wipe out the EPA’s authority to keep pesticides out of our water. This has been defeated twice before. Even though it was cre-atively renamed in the last week, I would recommend that my colleagues oppose it yet again. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), the majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this Zika Vector Con-trol Act and want to commend Con-gressman G
IBBS for his leadership in bringing this forward as we work here in the House to combat Zika. The House is doing a number of things this week. Number one, we are moving legislation to reprioritize money so that there will be a total of $1.2 billion of moneys allocated to com-bat Zika. But, in addition, while we are fight-ing Zika and giving not only Federal, but local agencies the resources they need to combat this terrible disease from spreading, we know, and CDC has told us, that it is spread by mosquitos. Mosquitos are the agents that spread Zika. So here we have got Congressman G
IBBS identifying a problem where the EPA is making it harder to actually kill mosquitos. I come from south Louisiana. We have a lot of mosquitos in south Lou-isiana, and we don’t like them. We ac-tually spray using federally approved pesticides to kill mosquitos where they breed. Where do they breed, Mr. Speak-er? They breed by water. They breed by sources of water. So you have got fed-erally approved sprays and pesticides that are used to go and kill the mos-quitos so that they can’t spread Zika, and yet the EPA comes in and has a rule that makes it harder and more ex-pensive to actually go kill mosquitos. All that Congressman G
IBBS is saying is let’s block that rule because local governments, by the way, still control this. It is our local governments, our parishes and counties, that are doing the spraying. They understand how to comply with their own local laws. They are not going to do anything to jeop-ardize groundwater, but what they want to do is kill mosquitos so that the mosquitos don’t spread Zika to our constituents. If you look, this legislation actually was passed. It actually was passed in 2011 when we were responding to West Nile. So the House did pass this legisla-tion already, and it was good legisla-tion then. In fact, it got a wide bipar-tisan vote. All of a sudden, some people want to politicize it. This isn’t a polit-ical issue. This is about common sense. Mr. Speaker, the EPA is just putting additional hurdles in place. It is not like they are saying don’t spray these pesticides. They are just jacking up the costs. It is an EPA money grab that makes it more expensive and more dif-ficult to actually go kill mosquitos. So while we are debating whether or not to prioritize more money for Zika—which we are doing, by the way, $1.2 billion worth—shouldn’t we make sure that the money can actually be used to effectively kill the mosquitos that spread Zika? If the EPA has got a rule that makes no sense and makes it harder to kill mosquitos, shouldn’t we remove that rule and that barrier and allow and trust our local governments? There are some people up here who think that Washington knows best, and if your local parish or county knows what they need to do to control the mosquito population in their parish or county, shouldn’t they be able to do it? Or you don’t trust them; you don’t want to give them the ability to go kill mosquitos. Well, I do trust our local govern-ments, and I want to give them the tools that they need to actually go and kill mosquitos at the source where they breed, and that is near sources of water. It is not in a way that contami-nates groundwater at all. In fact, EPA still gives these permits out, but it just costs a lot more money to go and kill the mosquitos. So let’s remove that burden so we can kill more mosquitos and stop Zika from spreading. Mr. Speaker, it is a really good, com-monsense piece of legislation, and I urge its adoption. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the horrible burden the gentleman is talking about is a notice of intent which says where and how something was applied. It is virtually cost free. You can use a standardized form. But it is just good to know where we are putting the pesticides and what pesticides are being used in case there are problems like the massive fish kill in Oregon, which we were able to trace back to one misapplication by one pri-vate company, not by the local county or any other public entity. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.030 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2449 May 17, 2016 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I do rise in strong opposition to H.R. 897, the Zika Vector Control Act. The Clean Water Act in no way hinders, delays, or prevents the use of approved pesticides for pest control op-erations. In fact, the Clean Water Act permit provides a specific emergency provision to prevent outbreaks of dis-ease, such as Zika. Under the terms of the permit, pes-ticide applicators are automatically covered under the permit, and spraying may be performed immediately for any declared pest emergency situations. In most instances, sprayers are only re-quired to notify EPA of the spraying operations 30 days after the beginning of the spraying operation. As I have noted before on similar bills, I have remained concerned that this bill would mean that no Clean Water Act protections would be re-quired for pesticide application to water bodies that are already impaired by pesticides. Most pesticide applications in the U.S. are done in accordance with the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, FIFRA, which re-quires proper labeling of pesticide products regarding usage. However, FIFRA labeling is no substitute for en-suring that we understand the volumes of pesticides that we seem to apply to our rivers, our lakes, and our streams on an annual basis. According to a 2016 USGS report on pesticides, commonly used pesticides frequently are present in streams and groundwater at levels that exceed human health benchmarks and occur in many streams at levels that may affect aquatic life or fish-eating wildlife. In the data that the States provide the EPA, more than 16,000 miles of riv-ers and streams, 1,380 bays and estu-aries, and 370,000 acres of lakes in the United States are currently impaired or threatened by pesticides. EPA suggests that these estimates may be low because many of these States do not test for or monitor all the different pesticides that are cur-rently being used. I am very concerned about the effect these pesticides have on the health of our rivers, on our streams, and especially the drinking water supplies of all of our citizens, es-pecially the most vulnerable, which are the young, the elderly, the poor and disenfranchised, who have no other protection. I would also add that, if our true con-cern here is protecting the health of pregnant women in particular, we should focus on preventing pesticide application directly or indirectly to drinking water sources. Mr. Speaker, I have here a Federal report on how pesticides in California are a leading cause of impairments to water quality. Currently in California, there are over 4,500 miles of rivers and streams, 235,000 acres of lakes and reservoirs, and 829 square miles of bays and estu-aries in my State that are impaired by pesticides. b1345 This is a significant concern in my home State, where every drop of water needs to be conserved, reused, and cherished. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman and additional 1 minute. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. We hear that pesticide application is already regu-lated under FIFRA and that the Clean Water Act review is not needed. I un-derstand the concerns about duplica-tion of effort and the need to minimize the impacts that regulations have on small business or business at large. However, I am still very concerned that these pesticides are having a very significant impact on water quality and that we are creating this exemp-tion from water quality protection re-quirements without considering the impacts to the waters that are already impaired with pesticides, as they are in California. This, in turn, costs our ratepayers, our water users, hundreds of millions of dollars to filter these pollutants out of the water before it is potable. This is something I deal with on an ongoing basis, as the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment. We currently have aquifers that are contaminated by the continued use of pesticides and fertilizers. Millions of dollars have been spent on the 15-year- long cleanup effort of a Superfund site in my area that has pesticides as one of its contaminants. We cannot and should not take away one of the only tools available to mon-itor for adverse impacts of pesticides in our rivers, streams, and reservoirs. Over the past 5 years, this tool has been reasonable. I oppose this bill. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I want to respond a little bit to the gentlewoman from California’s con-cerns about USGS studies. A lot of these studies are more than 10 years old and do not reflect the current sta-tus of pesticide conditions and pes-ticide regulation today. Many of the detections were what we call legacy pollution stemming from many years ago. Many of the detec-tions were of pesticides that have not been used in the United States for many years. The vast majority of these detections that were in the more current studies have found very low concentrations, which were at levels well below what they consider human health bench-marks. For example, approximately 99 percent of monitored water wells and greater than 90 percent of the mon-itored stream sites were below human health benchmark levels. Between 2002 and 2011—so before this court decision was in place—USGS only found one stream where human health benchmarks exceeded levels of danger. That is just one stream in the entire United States. Because the USGS data is old, the data does not reflect improvements made by the EPA made to its pesticide regulatory program under FIFRA over the past 10 years. This program has be-come more rigorous than it was a dec-ade or more ago. The committee has also received tes-timony on how EPA uses its full regu-latory authority under FIFRA to en-sure that pesticides do not cause un-reasonable adverse effects on human health and the environment, including our Nation’s water resources. In fact, EPA’s pesticides and water programs both use the same risk as-sessment data, which helps to ensure that both programs are providing the same level of protection against risk. Pesticide usage patterns have changed, technologies have become more sophisticated, and pesticides are much more carefully applied, in part driven by more elaborate label instruc-tions and the high cost of pesticides. Consequently, to argue that the USGS reports show that regulating the use of pesticides under the Clean Water Act is needed is nothing more than just a red herring. To address the issue that my good friend from Oregon raises about the fish kill, NPDES permitting is really a permit to discharge. If an applicator misuses that pesticide under the label, under FIFRA, that is illegal. They broke the law. So not fixing this court decision doesn’t have any effect on the unfortu-nate situation that happened in Oregon with the fish kill. Nothing in the Clean Water Act will stop misapplication. It is already illegal under FIFRA. The person should be held accountable, prosecuted, and responsible for dam-ages. On the cost, there is more evidence out there of what is going on. The Cali-fornia vector control districts came out with a report that estimated the cost is $3 million to conduct the nec-essary administration for these per-mits. Just to conduct the administra-tion, the $3 million in California, that money could be used in other ways to fight and control mosquitos. Also, as another example, Benton County, Washington’s, Mosquito Con-trol District calculated that their com-pliance with the NPDES permit cost them $37,334. They spent over $37,334 doing paperwork to secure the Federal and State permits. They spent this money updating maps to secure the permit. They spent this money on permit fees. They spent this money on software to help with the reporting requirements for the per-mit. They spent the money on lots of things associated with the permit, but they did not spend that money spray-ing for mosquitos. Benton County estimates that, with that $37,334, they could have treated 2,593 acres of water where mosquitos breed or they could have paid for over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.031 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2450 May 17, 2016 
400 West Nile lab tests or they could have hired three seasonable workers. But Benton County got to spend their $37,334 to comply with a redundant Federal permit. The National Agricultural Aviation Association, whose members perform over 17,000 public health and mosquito abatement applications every year, es-timates that, for one of their members with two planes and five employees, compliance with the NPEDS permit re-quires one full-time employee and $40,000 annually for one full-time em-ployee to comply with this additional permitting. This permit is not simply ‘‘the mod-est notification and monitoring re-quirements are providing valuable safe-guards against over-application of pes-ticides’’ that my colleague is claiming. It is an incredibly heavy-handed, ex-pensive, time-consuming process that takes dollars away from public health protection, putting it to more paper-work and putting more people at risk and the health of our communities at risk. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire how much time remains on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oregon has 10
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Ohio has 4 minutes remaining. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ). Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the House consid-eration of the Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act that House Republicans have incorrectly and misleadingly re-named the Zika Vector Control Act. In the 113th Congress, this exact leg-islation with a bill number of H.R. 935 failed under suspension of the rules 253–148. At the time, Republicans sub-sequently rescheduled it 2 days later under a closed rule to allow passage. I was a Democratic manager of that bill under consideration in 2014. In fact, since my statement laid out a real sub-stantive concern with the legislation, I include in the R
ECORD a copy of my re-marks from that time. Mr. Speaker, in the 112th Congress, the Re-publican leadership moved similar legislation under the guise that, unless Congress acted, the process for applying a pesticide would be so burdensome, that it would grind to a halt an array of agricultural and public health-related activities. Some may say that this may be a bit of hy-perbole to describe the impacts of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) pesticide general permit. However, if you were to compare the con-cern expressed before the agency’s draft per-mit went into effect with the almost non-exist-ent level of concern expressed after almost three years of implementation, you would like-ly question why we are here this evening de-bating this bill. Contrary to the rhetoric, EPA and the States have successfully drafted and implemented a new pesticide general permit (PGP) for the last two-and-a-half years that adopted several common-sense precautionary measures to limit the contamination of local waters by pes-ticides. And they do so in a way that allows pesticide applicators to meet their vital public health, agricultural, and forestry-related activi-ties in a cost-effective manner. The sky has not fallen, farmers and forestry operators have had two successful growing seasons, and public health officials success-fully address multiple threats of mosquito- borne illness, while at the same time com-plying with the sensible requirements of both the Clean Water Act and the Federal Insecti-cide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA). I say sensible because, as we should clear-ly understand, the intended focus of the Clean Water Act and FIFRA are very different. FIFRA is intended to address the safety and effectiveness of pesticides on national scale, preventing unreasonable adverse effects on human health and the environment through uniform labels indicating approved uses and restrictions. However, the Clean Water Act is focused on restoring and maintaining the integrity of the nation’s waters, with a primary focus on the protection of local water quality. It is simply incorrect to say that applying a FIFRA-approved pesticide in accordance with its labeling requirement is a surrogate for pro-tecting local water quality. As any farmer knows, complying with FIFRA is as simple as applying a pesticide in accordance with its label—farmers do not need to look to the lo-calized impact of that pesticide on local water quality. So, why are groups ranging from the Amer-ican Farm Bureau Federation to Crop Life America so adamantly opposed to this regula-tion? One plausible answer is because these groups do not want to come out of the regu-latory shadows that have allowed unknown in-dividuals to discharge unknown pesticides in unknown quantities, with unknown mixtures, and at unknown locations. I wonder how the American public would react to the fact that, for decades, pesticide sprayers could apply massive amounts of po-tentially-harmful materials, almost completely below the radar. In fact, prior to the issuance of the pesticide general permit, the only hard evidence on pes-ticide usage in this country came from a vol-untary sampling of the types and amounts of pesticides that were purchased from commer-cial dealers of pesticides. No comprehensive information was re-quired, or available, on the quantities, types, or location of pesticides applied in this coun-try. Based on that practice, I guess we should not be surprised that, for decades, pesticides have been detected in the majority of our na-tion’s surface and ground waters. Which leads me to question how eliminating any reporting requirement on the use of pes-ticides is protective of human health and the environment? All this would do is make it harder to locate the sources of pesticide contamination in our nation’s rivers, lakes, and streams, and make accountability for these discharges more dif-ficult. If this legislation were to pass, we would require more disclosure of those who manu-facture pesticides, than those who actually re-lease these dangerous chemicals into the real world. During the debate on Monday, several speakers questioned the environmental and public health benefits of the Clean Water Act for the application of pesticides. However, many of these benefits are so obvious, it is not surprising they may have otherwise gone overlooked. First, it is the Clean Water Act, and not FIFRA, that requires pesticide applicators to minimize pesticide discharges through the use of pesticide management measures, such as integrated pest management. I find it difficult to argue that using an appropriate amount of pesticides for certain applications would be a problem. Second, it is the Clean Water Act, and not FIFRA, that requires pesticide applicators to monitor for and report any adverse incidents that result from spraying. I would think that monitoring for large fish or wildlife kills would be a mutually-agreed upon benefit. Also, it is the Clean Water Act, and not FIFRA, that requires pesticide applicators to keep records on where and how many pes-ticides are being applied throughout the na-tion. Again, if data is showing that a local waterbody is contaminated by pesticides, I would think the public would want to quickly identify the likely source of the pesticide that is causing the impairment. Finally, and perhaps most important, I am unaware, despite repeated requests to both EPA and States, of any specific example where the current Clean Water Act require-ments have prevented a pesticide applicator from performing their services. Despite claims to the contrary, the Clean Water Act has not significantly increased the compliance costs to states or individual pesticide sprayers, nor has it been used as a tool by outside groups or EPA to ban the use of pesticides. So, let me summarize a few points. One, the Clean Water Act does provide a valuable service in ensuring that an appro-priate amount of pesticides are being applied at the appropriate times, and that pesticides are not having an adverse impacts on human health or the environment. Two, to the best of my knowledge, the pes-ticide general permit has imposed no impedi-ment on the ability of pesticide applicators to provide their valuable service to both agricul-tural and public health communities. In fact, most pesticide applications are automatically covered by the pesticide general permit, either by no action or by the filing of an electronic ‘‘Notice of Intent.’’ Three, Federal and state data make it clear that application of pesticides in compliance with FIFRA, alone, as was the case for many years, was insufficient to protect waterbodies throughout the nation from being contaminated by pesticides, so if we care about water qual-ity, more needed to be done. I can see no legitimate reason why we would want to allow any user of potentially- harmful chemicals to return to the regulatory shadows that existed prior to the issuance of the Clean Water Act pesticide general permit. It has caused no known regulatory, adminis-trative, or significant financial burden, and has been implemented seamlessly across the country. As was stated during the debate on Mon-day, this legislation is seeking to address a pretend problem that simply doesn’t exist. I urge a no vote on H.R. 935. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.032 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2451 May 17, 2016 
In this Congress, this legislation was marked up early last year in the Agri-culture Committee as the Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act. The com-mittee of primary jurisdiction, the House Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee, has taken no action on the bill this time around; yet, here we are again on the House floor. The Republican leadership has now changed the name of the bill to the Zika Vector Control Act. A new name and the inclusion of a sunset date in 2018 are the only differences from pre-vious iterations of this bill. H.R. 897 is the exact same legislation that pesticide manufacturers and other special interests have been pushing for the past several years. It would elimi-nate Clean Water Act safeguards that protect our waterways and commu-nities from excessive pesticide pollu-tion. The pesticide general permit tar-geted in this legislation has been in place for nearly 5 years now, and alarmist predictions by pesticide man-ufacturers and others about the im-pacts of this permit have failed to bear any fruit. In fact, in March 2015, before the House Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee, Ken Kopocis, Deputy Assistant Administrator of the Office of Water at the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, testified that: ‘‘We have not been made aware of any issues associated with the pes-ticide general permit. Nobody has brought an instance to our attention where somebody has not been able to apply a pesticide in a timely manner . . . There have been no instances.’’ Yet, here we are. Since then, all across the country, pesticide applica-tors—usually utilities managing their rights-of-way—are complying with the Clean Water Act permits to protect water quality. The public is getting in-formation they need that we couldn’t get before about what pesticides are being sprayed into what bodies of water. Congress should not and must not re-spond to outdated sky-is-falling prob-lems that history has shown has never occurred and weaken protections for the water our children drink. In past Congresses, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have chosen a public health emergency de jour as rationale to pass and enact this legisla-tion into law. At one time, they cited, as they have again today, West Nile virus. The next time it was the western wildland fire suppression. Last Con-gress, it was the drought. Now, in nothing less than a purely political move, Republicans are consid-ering this bill on suspension, but this time under the guise of combating the spread of Zika. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Ms. EDWARDS. Let us be clear. This bill has absolutely nothing to do with Zika or trying to stop the threat of the Zika virus. Despite claims made by my colleagues to the contrary, the permit already in effect allows spraying for Zika or other mosquito control pro-grams. H.R. 897 is simply another attack on the Clean Water Act as part of the Re-publican’s anti-environmental, deregu-latory agenda. I urge my colleagues to vote this legislation down. And let’s do something real to com-bat Zika. The President has asked for $1.9 billion in emergency funding be-cause it is an emergency. It is a public health threat. If we did that now, then we would be fulfilling our duties and responsibilities. But this legislation today fulfills no responsibilities, gets in the way of pro-tecting clean water, and does abso-lutely nothing to combat the Zika virus that, if you look at the map, is quickly spreading across this country. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD the following letters of support: A letter from nearly 100 organiza-tions supporting H.R. 897, including the National Association of State Depart-ments of Agriculture, the National Farmers Union, Ohio Professional Ap-plicators for Responsible Regulation, the Pesticide Policy Coalition, and the National Council of Farmer Coopera-tives; The American Mosquito Control As-sociation; National Pest Management Associa-tion; Responsible Industry for a Sound En-vironment; and American Farm Bureau. 
MAY17, 2016. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS : The nearly one hundred undersigned organizations urge your support for HR 897, the Zika Vector Control Act, which the House will consider today under suspension of the rules. Pesticide users, including those protecting public health from mosquito borne diseases, are now subjected to the court created re-quirement that lawful applications over, to or near ‘waters of the U.S.’ obtain a Clean Water Act (CWA) National Pollutant Dis-charge Elimination System (NPDES) permit from the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) or delegated states. HR 897 would clar-ify that federal law does not require this re-dundant permit for already regulated pes-ticide applications. Under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA), all pesticides are reviewed and regulated for use with strict instructions on the EPA approved product label. A thorough review and ac-counting of impacts to water quality and aquatic species is included in every EPA re-view. Requiring water permits for pesticide applications is redundant and provides no ad-ditional environmental benefit. Compliance with the NPDES water permit also imposes duplicative resource burdens on thousands of small businesses and farms, as well as the municipal, county, state and fed-eral agencies responsible for protecting nat-ural resources and public health. Further, and most menacing, the permit exposes all pesticide users—regardless of permit eligi-bility—to the liability of CWA-based citizen law suits. In the 112th Congress, the same Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act—then HR 872— passed the House Committee on Agriculture and went on to pass the House of Representa-tives on suspension. In the 113th Congress, the legislation—then HR 935—passed the both the House Committees on Agriculture and Transportation & Infrastructure by voice vote, and again, the House of Rep-resentatives. The water permit threatens the critical role pesticides play in protecting human health and the food supply from destructive and disease-carrying pests, and for managing invasive weeds to keep open waterways and shipping lanes, to maintain rights of way for transportation and power generation, and to prevent damage to forests and recreation areas. The time and money expended on re-dundant permit compliance drains public and private resources. All this for no measureable benefit to the environment. We urge you to remove this regulatory burden by voting ‘‘YES’’ on HR 897, the Zika Vector Control Act. Sincerely, Agribusiness Council of Indiana, Agri-business & Water Council of Arizona Agricul-tural Alliance of North Carolina, Agricul-tural Council of Arkansas, Agricultural Re-tailers Association, Alabama Agribusiness Council, American Farm Bureau Federation, Alabama Farmers Federation, American Mosquito Control Association, American Soybean Association, American Hort, Aquat-ic Plant Management Society, Arkansas For-estry Association, Biopesticide Industry Al-liance, California Association of Winegrape Growers, California Specialty Crops Council, Cape Cod Cranberry Growers Association, The Cranberry Institute, CropLife America, Council of Producers & Distributors of Agrotechnology. Family Farm Alliance, Far West Agri-business Association, Florida Farm Bureau Federation, Florida Fruit & Vegetable Asso-ciation, Georgia Agribusiness Council, Golf Course Superintendents Association of America, Hawaii Cattlemen’s Council, Ha-waii Farm Bureau Federation, Idaho Grower Shippers Association, Idaho Potato Commis-sion, Idaho Water Users Association, Illinois Farm Bureau, Illinois Fertilizer & Chemical Association, Kansas Agribusiness Retailers Association, Louisiana Cotton and Grain As-sociation, Louisiana Farm Bureau Federa-tion, Maine Potato Board, Michigan Agri-business Association, Minnesota Agricul-tural Aircraft Association, Minnesota Crop Production Retailers. Minnesota Pesticide Information & Edu-cation, Minor Crops Farmer Alliance, Mis-souri Agribusiness Association, Missouri Farm Bureau Federation, Montana Agricul-tural Business Association, National Agri-cultural Aviation Association, National Alli-ance of Forest Owners, National Alliance of Independent Crop Consultants, National As-sociation of State Departments of Agri-culture, National Association of Wheat Growers, National Corn Growers Associa-tion, National Cotton Council, National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, National Farmers Union, National Pest Management Association, National Potato Council, Na-tional Rural Electric Cooperative Associa-tion, National Water Resources Association, Nebraska Agri-Business Association, North Carolina Agricultural Consultants Associa-tion. North Carolina Cotton Producers Associa-tion, North Central Weed Science Society, North Dakota Agricultural Association, Northeast Agribusiness and Feed Alliance, Northeastern Weed Science Society, North-ern Plains Potato Growers Association, Northwest Horticultural Council, Ohio Pro-fessional Applicators for Responsible Regula-tion, Oregon Potato Commission, Oregonians 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.033 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2452 May 17, 2016 
for Food & Shelter, Pesticide Policy Coali-tion, Plains Cotton Growers, Inc., Profes-sional Landcare Network, RISE (Responsible Industry for a Sound Environment), Rocky Mountain Agribusiness Association, SC Fer-tilizer Agrichemicals Association, South Da-kota Agri-Business Association, South Texas Cotton and Grain Association, Southern Cot-ton Growers, Inc., Southern Crop Production Association. Southern Rolling Plains Cotton Growers, Southern Weed Science Society, Sugar Cane League, Texas Ag Industries Association, Texas Vegetation Management Association, United Fresh Produce Association, U.S. Apple Association, USA Rice Federation, Virginia Agribusiness Council, Virginia For-estry Association, Washington Friends of Farm & Forests, Washington State Potato Commission, Weed Science Society of Amer-ica, Western Growers, Western Plant Health Association, Western Society of Weed Science, Wild Blueberry Commission of Maine, Wisconsin Farm Bureau Federation, Wisconsin Potato and Vegetable Growers As-sociation, Wisconsin State Cranberry Grow-ers Association, Wyoming Ag Business Asso-ciation, Wyoming Crop Improvement Asso-ciation, Wyoming Wheat Growers Associa-tion. 
THEAMERICAN MOSQUITO  C
ONTROL ASSOCIATION , Mount Laurel, NJ, May 16, 2016. Hon. B
OBGIBBS, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN GIBBS: The American Mosquito Control Association, in concert with mosquito control agencies, programs and regional associations throughout the United States, want to express our enthusi-astic support for passage of HR 897 the Zika Vector Control Act clarifying the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination Systems (NPDES) permitting issue facing our public health agencies. Each year, over one half million people die worldwide from mosquito-transmitted dis-eases. In the U.S. alone, the costs associated with the treatment of mosquito-borne illness run into the millions of dollars annually. This amendment addresses a situation that has placed mosquito control activities under substantial legal jeopardy and requires ongo-ing diversion of taxpayer-supported re-sources away from their public health mis-sion. Though the NPDES was originally de-signed to address point source emissions from major industrial polluters such as chemical plants, activist lawsuits have forced US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to require such permits even for the application of EPA registered pesticides, in-cluding insecticides used for mosquito con-trol. These permits are mandated despite the fact that pesticides are already strictly regu-lated by the EPA under the Federal Insecti-cide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA). Currently, mosquito control programs are vulnerable to lawsuits for simple paperwork violations of the Clean Water Act (CWA) where fines may be up to $35,000 per day for activities that do not involve harm to the environment. In order to attempt to comply with this potential liability, these govern-mental agencies must divert scarce re-sources to CWA monitoring. In some cases, smaller applicators have simply chosen not to engage in vector control activities. Requiring NPDES permits for the dis-charges of mosquito control products pro-vides no additional environmental protec-tions beyond those already listed on the pes-ticide label, yet the regulatory burdens are potentially depriving the general public of the economic and health benefits of mos-quito control. This occurs at a time when many regions of the country have seen out-breaks of equine encephalitis, West Nile virus, dengue fever and the rapidly spreading new threat of the Zika and chikungunya vi-ruses. This negative impact on the public health response and needless legal jeopardy requires legislative clarification that the intent of the CWA does not include duplicating FIFRA’s responsibilities. HR 897 seeks to achieve that goal and we strongly encourage its passage via any legislative vehicle that enacts its clarifying language into law. Thank you for your strong leadership on this important public health issue. Adams County (WA) Mosquito Control Dis-trict, American Mosquito Control Associa-tion, Associated Executives of Mosquito Con-trol Work in New Jersey, Atlantic County Office of Mosquito Control, Baker Valley Vector Control District, Benton County (WA) Mosquito Control District, Columbia Drainage Vector Control District, Davis County (UT) Mosquito Abatement District, Delaware Mosquito Control Section, Florida Mosquito Control Association, Gem County (ID) Mosquito Abatement, Georgia Mosquito Control Association, Idaho Mosquito and Vector Control Association, Jackson County (OR) Vector Control District, Klamath Vec-tor Control District, Louisiana Mosquito Control Association, Magna Mosquito Abate-ment District. Manatee County (FL) Mosquito Control District, Matthew C. Ball, Multnomah Coun-ty (OR) Vector Control Program, New Jersey Mosquito Control Association, North Caro-lina Mosquito & Vector Control Association, North Morrow Vector Control District, Northeast Mosquito Control Association, North Shore Mosquito Abatement District (Cook County, Illinois), Northwest Mosquito and Vector Control Association, Oregon Mos-quito and Vector Control Association, Penn-sylvania Vector Control Association, Philip D. Smith, Richmond County (GA) Mosquito Control District, South Salt Lake Valley Mosquito Abatement District, Salt Lake City Mosquito Abatement District, Texas Mosquito Control Association, Teton County (WY) Weed & Pest District, Union County (OR) Vector Control District, Washington County (OR) Mosquito Control. Members of the Mosquito and Vector Con-trol Association of California: Alameda County MAD, Alameda County VCSD, Antelope Valley MVCD, Burney Basin MAD, Butte County MVCD, City of Alturas, City of Berkeley, City of Blythe, City of Moorpark/VC, Coachella Valley MVCD, Colusa MAD, Compton Creek MAD, Consoli-dated MAD, Contra Costa MVCD, County of El Dorado, Vector Control, Delano MAD, Delta VCD, Durham MAD, East Side MAD, Fresno MVCD, Fresno Westside MAD, Glenn County MVCD. Greater LA County VCD, Imperial County Vector Control, June Lake Public Utility District, Kern MVCD, Kings MAD, Lake County VCD, Long Beach Vector Control Program, Los Angeles West Vector and Vec-tor-borne Disease Control District, Madera County MVCD, Marin/Sonoma MVCD, Merced County MAD, Mosquito and Vector Management District of Santa Barbara County, Napa County MAD, Nevada County Community Development Agency, No. Sali-nas Valley MAD, Northwest MVCD, Orange County Mosquito and Vector Control Dis-trict, Oroville MAD, Owens Valley MAP, Pasadena Public Health Department, Pine Grove MAD. Placer MVCD, Riverside County, Dept. of Environmental Health VCP, Sacramento- Yolo MVCD, Saddle Creek Community Serv-ices District, San Benito County Agricul-tural Commission, San Bernardino County Mosquito and Vector Control Program, San Diego County Dept. of Environmental Health, Vector Control, San Francisco Pub-lic Health, Environmental Health Section, San Gabriel Valley MVCD, San Joaquin County MVCD, San Mateo County MVCD, Santa Clara County VCD, Santa Cruz County Mosquito Abatement/Vector Control, Shasta MVCD, Solano County MAD, South Fork Mosquito Abatement District, Sutter-Yuba MVCD, Tehama County MVCD, Tulare Mos-quito Abatement District, Turlock MAD, Ventura County Environmental Health Divi-sion, West Side MVCD, West Valley MVCD, DEARREPRESENTATIVE , I am writing to you today as a pest management professional re-questing your support for H.R. 897, the Zika Vector Control Act. H.R. 897 is scheduled to be considered by the full House of Represent-atives tomorrow, May 17. H.R. 897 would sus-pend the need to obtain unnecessary and bur-densome permits, allowing our industry to better protect you from the mosquitoes that transmit the Zika virus. Zika is an emerging mosquito-borne virus that currently has no specific medical treat-ment or vaccine. Zika virus is spread through the bite of infected mosquitoes in the Aedes genus, the same mosquitoes that carry dengue fever and chikungunya. The Zika virus causes mild flu-like symptoms in about 20 percent of infected people, but the main concern among leading health organi-zations is centered on a possible link be-tween the virus and microcephaly, a birth defect associated with underdevelopment of the head and brain, resulting in neurological and developmental problems. The World Health Organization (WHO) recently de-clared Zika virus a global health emergency. Currently, pest management professionals who apply even small amounts of pesticides in and around lakes, rivers and streams to protect public health and prevent potential disease outbreaks are required to obtain an additional, redundant and burdensome Na-tional Pollutant Discharge Elimination Sys-tem (NPDES) permit prior to application. Under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA), all pesticides are reviewed and regulated for use with strict in-structions on the U.S. Environmental Pro-tection Agency (EPA) approved product label. A thorough review and accounting of impacts to water quality and aquatic species is included in every EPA review. Requiring water permits for pesticide applications is redundant and provides no additional envi-ronmental benefit. Pest management professionals are on the front lines of protecting the public, using a variety of tools, including pesticides. Requir-ing pest management applicators to obtain an NPDES permit to prevent and react to po-tential disease outbreaks wastes valuable time against rapidly moving and potentially deadly pests. Water is the breeding ground for many pests. The pest management industry strongly urges you temporarily remove this regu-latory burden and help us protect people throughout your community from mosqui-toes that transmit dangerous and deadly dis-eases, like Zika, by voting YES on H.R. 897, the Zika Vector Control Act. Sincerely, National Pest Management Association. 
RESPONSIBLE INDUSTRY FOR A  S
OUND ENVIRONMENT , Washington, DC, May 17, 2016. Hon. B
OBGIBBS, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE GIBBS: Thank you for re-introducing the H.R. 897. RISE (Re-sponsible Industry for a Sound Environment) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.013 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2453 May 17, 2016 
is a national not-for-profit trade association representing producers and suppliers of spe-cialty pesticides including products used to control mosquitoes and invasive aquatic weeds. For most of the past four decades, water quality concerns from pesticide applications were addressed within the registration proc-ess under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) rather than a Clean Water Act permitting program. Due to a 2009 decision of the 6th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals, Clean Water Act National Pollu-tion Discharge Elimination System Permits (NPDES) have been required since 2011 for aquatic pesticide applications. NPDES per-mits do not provide any identifiable addi-tional environmental benefits, but add sig-nificant costs and paperwork requirements which make it more expensive to protect people from mosquitoes that can vector the Zika Virus, West Nile Virus, Dengue Fever and other viruses. Permits also make it more expensive to control invasive aquatic plants that over take our waterways and impede en-dangered species habitat. H.R. 897 would clarify that duplicative NPDES permits are not needed for the appli-cation of EPA approved pesticides. The elimination of these permits will speed re-sponse to public health and other pest pres-sures, save resources for, states, municipali-ties, and communities. We support this legis-lation look forward to working with you and your colleagues to advance this legislation. Sincerely, A
ARON HOBBS, President. 
AMERICAN FARMBUREAU FEDERATION , Washington, DC, May 16, 2016. Hon. M
EMBERS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MEMBERS OF CONGRESS : Later this week, the House will vote on legislation that clarifies congressional intent regarding regu-lation of the use of pesticides for control of exotic diseases such as Zika virus and West Nile virus, as well as for other lawful uses in or near navigable waters. The American Farm Bureau Federation (AFBF) strongly supports the ‘‘Zika Vector Control Act of 2016’’ and urges all members of Congress to support this legislation. AFBF represents rural areas nationwide that will be impacted by the spread of dan-gerous exotic diseases like Zika. The only control measure at this time is vector con-trol. Our members are aware that local mos-quito control districts face tight budgets and are concerned with the operational disrup-tions and increased costs associated with un-necessary and duplicative permitting re-quirements. Any disruption in vector control will expose a large portion of Farm Bureau members to mosquitos that may carry dis-eases like Zika and West Nile virus. We urge all committee members to vote in favor of the ‘‘Zika Vector Control Act of 2016.’’ Thank you very much for your support. Sincerely, Z
IPPY DUVALL , President. 
Mr. GIBBS. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ). Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I come down here to oppose this bill. I am not on the committee, but I was sitting in my office and it made me angry to hear people down here talking about H.R. 897. You put out a title that says Zika Vector Control Act. That sounds like a good thing. People ought to be happy we are going to control the specter that is out there. But it is a lie. This does nothing about Zika. It doesn’t do anything with the research that the President has asked the money for. What it does simply is turn the applicators and the pesticide manu-facturers loose on this country again. I have been here long enough to re-member all of the problems with the bird eggs that had soft shells and the birds were dying. All these animals were dying all over the place because of DDT and all of the things that happen with that kind of application freely in this society. One of the things that you have to think about and what I would caution my congressional friends in the Repub-lican Caucus of is that you ought to learn from history. Philadelphia was once full of malaria. Philadelphia was a malaria city. You kept the windows closed at night because you didn’t want to get malaria. Now, what we are seeing today be-cause of global warming is that moving north from the equator are the orga-nisms that create disease. I heard somebody from Louisiana say: Oh, my God. We have got malaria. We have got all kinds of problems in Louisiana. You are going to have them. You can find evidence everywhere that these or-ganisms are there. But the answer is not to let there be unrestricted and un-controlled application of pesticides. That doesn’t solve the problem be-cause what it does is it creates another set of illnesses related to the effects of pesticides on human beings and on ani-mals and on reproduction. So what you are doing is you are say-ing: Well, if you spread this stuff out on the ground and all over the water and people are going to get in contact with that water, there is no question about it, directly or indirectly, and you are going to have the other diseases that come from this. I won’t give a whole long lecture on the effects of pesticides on people, but I will remind Members about some-thing called Agent Orange. b1400 Guys like me who were around dur-ing the Vietnam war saw that stuff being sprayed all over the trees. People said: Oh, that doesn’t do anything. It is just that the leaves drop off. Then we had an epidemic of physical illnesses that were secondary to Agent Orange. We told veterans for years: It is not a problem. It is not a problem. It was not that Agent Orange that got you. Then we found out that, in fact, it was, and we have been paying and pay-ing and paying. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. MCDERMOTT. So this is one of those issues where you put it on cheap, but you are going to pay for it in the long term. Now, some of you over there, clearly, don’t care. As for the guy in Michigan who made the decision that they use that dirty river water and inflict that on the children of Flint and the lead poisoning and the lead effects on their heads, that is the kind of mentality we are dealing with with the people who run this bill every 2 years from the companies that make this stuff. It came in 2011, 2013, 2014, 2015. Here it is again this year. It will be back. This bill isn’t done. They are going to keep trying to convince the American people that you can just spread chemicals ev-erywhere, and it doesn’t have effects on people, but it does. That is what envi-ronmental health is all about. That is why this bill is a step back-ward to about 1950, when we didn’t really know what pesticides did to peo-ple. Now we do. We are absolutely right in voting against this bill, and the President ought to veto it if it gets through. The Senate, as bad as they are, won’t even let this bill through. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania). Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Boy, talk about fear mongering. Comparing responsible pesticide use in protecting the environment and in pro-tecting human health to Agent Orange is just really over the top. I do agree with one thing the pre-vious gentleman spoke about, which is that we have to do more for Zika, and we are going to do more in the House this week. This is one tool in the tool-box to address this. As for this bit about spraying pes-ticides uncontrollably all over the place, as a farmer, I have heard that all of my adult life, and it is really bizarre because pesticides cost a lot of money. It is really bizarre in this case because to use these pesticides, you have to be certified by the State and the EPA, and you have to be applying it by the label that the EPA has already approved. This goes through rigorous testing and regulation, so it is not uncontrollable. It is under FIFRA, which is the law the Congress set up many, many years ago to control this. This is not an uncon-trolled application of pesticides that is contaminating our water bodies. As I said, the recent geological studies doc-ument that we are not contaminating our water bodies. I will make this clear that this is not uncontrollable and that we have laws in place that are called FIFRA. If you break that law, you break the law, and you should be punished and held ac-countable. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The problem here is that FIFRA doesn’t require recordkeeping. It is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.015 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2454 May 17, 2016 
label, and you are supposed to follow the label. There is an even more recent problem in Oregon—we talked about the fish kill earlier—which is the over-flight spraying of an herbicide on forestlands, which was applied, and then it drifted into occupied areas and streams. Now, without the EPA’s requirement that you record and report, we wouldn’t know that that had happened; but now we do, and the people who are complaining about health effects have some recourse since they know what was applied, when it was applied, and who applied it. If we do away with that requirement and say, Oh, well, the States might still require something, well, they might not. Therefore, it would be: Are you going to follow the label or not? How are you going to find out if they followed the label? How are you going to find out whose plane that was? How are you going to find out what they sprayed? You won’t be able to. If you get an impaired body of water, we are now mapping things. The EPA says: Wait a minute. Wait a minute. That body of water is already impaired with this particular herbicide or pesticide. We should limit more ap-plications in that area. No, we don’t want to know about that. We don’t want to know about that. That is the bottom line here. We are talking about recordkeeping and re-porting after the fact: What did you use? Where did you put it? So if some-one is injured or if we find out their water supply is impaired, they can fig-ure out how it happened, but not if we do away with this requirement, with this Groundhog Day bill. Again, it was pest management, it was forest health, then it was reducing regulatory burdens; but now it has been reborn in the last week as Zika control because it is, as the gentle-woman from Maryland said, the cause du jour. It has nothing to do with Zika. I was really pleased to see the major-ity whip say that they were going to put $1.2 billion into Zika because, as of the publishing of the appropriations bill, it was only $622 million, which is a third of what the President asked for; so now they are up to 66 percent. That is great. I hope that is right because we haven’t seen that in writing yet. The bottom line is we need to partner with the States to deal with the threat of Zika just like we did with West Nile—none of which is going to be im-paired by a little recordkeeping—so that we know where, how, what was ap-plied so that citizens of the United States, private property owners, will have some recourse. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. First of all, the gentleman from Or-egon talked about the recordkeeping. There are additional burdensome records on this requirement, the MPDS, but a certified pesticide appli-cator under FIFRA has to keep records. They have to keep records on what they applied, how they applied it, when they applied it, what the wind speed was, and what the temperature was—all of that—so that there is a record there. I wanted to correct his in-formation as he was inaccurate on that. We talked about West Nile. In 2012, we had a crisis in this country of the West Nile epidemic. Dallas, Texas, had to declare an emergency. They prob-ably weren’t doing what they needed to do because of the MPDS permits. If they declare an emergency, they can spray without a permit. That is why we put a sunset provi-sion in this bill. On September 30, 2018, this bill sunsets. The reason we put that in there is to address this towards Zika. Zika will probably run its course. Hopefully, in 2 years, we will forget about it like we have done with Ebola. The problem is that we need to do ev-erything we can to mitigate the prob-lem in the interim. We saw last week there were 103 pregnant women in the United States who had the Zika virus. Today, I heard there were 113. That number is jumping up. It is going to jump up fast because we are in mos-quito season. When these mothers start delivering those babies and when we have all kinds of problems, it is not going to be a pleasant experience; so we need to do everything we can. That 2-year sunset provision in there will really target and address this issue. We need to give our States and local communities the tools they need, and we are going to do more this week. We are going to give them the resources, the dollars, they need; but we also have to make sure they can spend that money, like in the example I gave of the $37,000. Instead of spending it on administrative paperwork, they can spend it on killing the larvae and the mosquitos. It is easier to kill the mos-quito population if you kill the larvae before they hatch. The risks are high, but we need to make sure we do this. I reiterate that FIFRA is already in place to make sure that we don’t have bad actors out there who are polluting our water bodies. If they do, they are going to be held accountable, and the EPA can step in and investigate those and do that. The EPA has all of the au-thority they need because they approve the label, they approve the pesticide certification, they approve the applica-tors. They can go back to every appli-cator and ask for their records. They can go into my local farm co-op and ask: When did you apply? What did you apply? What date did you apply? And all of those records are there for our regulators to see. They can do that. All this bill does is fix the bad court decision that it has a regulatory bur-den. We need to support this bill and let our communities and our States do their jobs to protect the public health. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in opposition to H.R. 897, the ‘‘Zika Vector Control Act,’’ because this bill was not written with the intent to control Zika carrying mosquitoes, but rather to allow higher amounts of rodenticides, fungicides, and in-secticides in water. The title for H.R. 897, two days ago was the ‘‘Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act of 2015.’’ I am very interested in doing everything I can to address the threat of Zika Virus, but I am not supportive of tricks or misguided strat-egies to get legislation to the House floor in the name of Zika prevention that was con-ceived with no thought of the Zika Virus in mind. As a senior member of the House Com-mittee on Homeland Security, which has a core mission of emergency preparedness of state and local governments to be equipped to react to emergencies make me acutely aware of the potential for the Zika Virus to be a real challenge for state and local governments dur-ing the coming months. I thank President Obama for his leadership in requesting $1.9 billion to address the threat of the Zika Virus. The 18th Congressional District of Texas, which I represent has a tropical climate and very likely of having to confront the challenge of Zika Virus carrying mosquitoes before mos-quito season ends in the Fall. Houston, Texas, like many cities, towns, and parishes along the Gulf Coast, has a trop-ical climate hospitable to mosquitoes that carry the Zika Virus like parts of Central and South America, as well as the Caribbean. For this reason, I am sympathetic to those members who have districts along the Gulf Coast. These areas are known to have both types of the Zika Virus vectors: the Aedes Aegypti [A-up-ti] and the Asian Tiger Mosquito, which is why I held a meeting in Houston on March 10, 2016 about this evolving health threat. I convened a meeting with Houston, Harris County and State officials at every level of re-sponsibility to combat the Zika Virus to dis-cuss preparations that would mitigate its. The participants included Dr. Peter Hotez, Dean of the National School of Tropical Medi-cine and Professor of Pediatrics at Baylor Col-lege of Medicine and Dr. Dubboun, Director of the Harris County Public Health Environmental Services Mosquito Control Division who gave strong input on the critical need to address the threat on a multi-pronged approach. Dr. Dubboun, Director of the Harris County Public Health Environmental Services Mos-quito Control Division stressed that we cannot spray our way out of the Zika Virus threat. He was particularly cautious about the over use of spraying because of its collateral threat to the environment and people. We should not forget that Flint, Michigan was an example of short sighted thinking on the part of government decision makers, which resulted in the contamination of the city’s water supply. The participants in the meeting represented the senior persons at every, state and local agency with responsiblity for Zika Virus re-sponse and they agreed we need plan to ad-dress the Zika Virus in the Houston and Harris County area that will include every aspect of the community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.035 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2455 May 17, 2016 
The collective wisdom of these experts re-vealed that we should not let the fear of the Zika Virus control public policy. Instead we should get in front of the prob-lem then we can control the Zika Virus from its source—targeting mosquitoes. The consequences of too much insecticide, rodenticides or fungicides in water are known—to kill aquatic life and cause real dam-age to the food chain upon which fish and larger sea life rely. Along the Coast of the United States, many habitat restoration efforts are centered on the reduction of chemical run off from urban areas, not increasing insecticide pollutants in their waters. The real fight against the Zika Virus will be bottled neighborhood by neighborhood and will rely upon the resources and expertise of local government working closely with State govern-ments with supported of federal government agencies. The consensus of the experts related to H.R. 897, the Zika Vector Control Act, is that we cannot rely heavily on spraying techniques to control Zika Virus carrying mosquitoes. Yes, spraying can reduce the population of mosquitoes, but it cannot eliminate the threat and we can reach a point where the presence of chemical insecticides is in fact more harmful than helpful. The Aedes Aegypti mosquito is the greatest threat to people has evolved to be near peo-ple. These mosquitoes fly close to the ground, enter homes or stay nearby places where peo-ple live. The spraying that this bill permits is on an industrial scale using products that are not found in a local grocery or home supply store. The most important approach to control the spread of Zika Virus is poverty and the condi-tions that may exist in poor communities can be of greatest risk for the Zika Virus breeding habitats for vector mosquitoes. It is the illegal dumping of tires; open ditches, torn screens, or no screens at all dur-ing the long hot days of summer that will un-fortunately create a perfect storm for the spread of the virus. Zika Virus Prevention Kits like those being distributed in Puerto Rico will be essential to the fight against Zika Virus along the Gulf Coast. These kits should include mosquito nets for beds. Bed nets have proven to be essential in the battle to reduce malaria by providing protec-tion and reducing the ability of biting insects to come in contact with people. Mosquito netting has fine holes that are big enough to allow breezes to easily pass through, but small enough to keep mosquitoes and other biting insects out. Bed nets that are not pre-treated with insec-ticide are effective and they can be treated with DEET products after purchase. Mr. Speaker, there is no need to be alarmed, but we should be preparing to do what we can to prevent and mitigate the Zika Virus in communities around the nation. We know that 33 states have one or both of the vector mosquitoes. Dr. Peter Hotez said that we can anticipated that the Americas including the United States can expect 4 million the Zika Virus cases in the next four months and to date there are over a million cases in Brazil. The most serious outcome the Zika Virus exposure is birth defects that can occur during pregnancy if the mother is exposed to the Zika Virus. Infections of pregnant women can result in: still births; the rate of Microcephaly based on Zika Virus exposure far exceeds that number. Microcephaly is brain underdevelopment ei-ther at birth or the brain failing to develop properly after birth, which can cause: difficulty walking; difficulty hearing; and difficulty with speech. I call on my colleagues to pass the Presi-dent’s request for the $1.9 billion in emer-gency supplemental appropriations. I urge my colleagues to reject H.R. 897, and support the President’s request to fight the Zika Virus threat. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 897, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 732; Adopting House Resolution 732, if or-dered; Agreeing to the motion to instruct on S. 524; and Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 897. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4909, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 732) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4909) to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 239, nays 177, not voting 17, as follows: [Roll No. 196] YEAS—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—177 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.019 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2456 May 17, 2016 
Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—17 
Crawford Curbelo (FL) Farr Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Hoyer Johnson, Sam Larson (CT) Lewis Lieu, Ted Pelosi Richmond Roby Takai Titus Whitfield 
b1430 Ms. WILSON of Florida and Messrs. ASHFORD and BECERRA changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. MEADOWS and Mrs. HARTZLER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). The question is on the res-olution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 234, noes 181, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 197] AYES—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—18 
Amodei Crawford Curbelo (FL) Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Honda Hudson Issa Johnson, Sam Lewis Lieu, Ted Roby Russell Schrader Takai Titus Whitfield 
b1438 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MOTION TO GO TO CONFERENCE ON S. 524, COMPREHENSIVE AD-DICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2016 
MOTION TO INSTRUCT OFFERED BY MS . ESTY  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to instruct on the bill (S. 524) to authorize the Attor-ney General and Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to address the national epidemics of pre-scription opioid abuse and heroin use, and to provide for the establishment of an inter-agency task force to review, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medication, and for other purposes, of-fered by the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. E
STY) on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to instruct. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 182, nays 236, not voting 15, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.009 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2457 May 17, 2016 
[Roll No. 198] YEAS—182 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—15 
Conyers Crawford Curbelo (FL) Fattah Garamendi Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, Sam Lewis Lieu, Ted Rangel Roby Takai Titus Whitfield 
b1454 Mr. MULLIN changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to instruct was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ZIKA VECTOR CONTROL ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 897) to amend the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 262, nays 159, not voting 12, as follows: [Roll No. 199] YEAS—262 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—159 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.011 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2458 May 17, 2016 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—12 
Crawford Curbelo (FL) Fattah Herrera Beutler Hinojosa Johnson, Sam Lewis Lieu, Ted Roby Takai Titus Whitfield 
b1452 So (two-thirds not being in the af-firmative) the motion was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF CONFEREES ON S. 524, COMPREHENSIVE ADDIC-TION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
OYCE ). Without objection, the Chair appoints the following conferees on S. 524: For consideration of the Senate bill and the House amendments, and modi-fications committed to conference: Messrs. U
PTON , PITTS, LANCE , GUTHRIE , K
INZINGER of Illinois, B UCSHON , Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Messrs. G OODLATTE , S
ENSENBRENNER , S MITH of Texas, M
ARINO , COLLINS of Georgia, T ROTT , B
ISHOP of Michigan, M CCARTHY , PAL-
LONE , BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, S
ARBANES , GENEGREEN of Texas, C ON-
YERS , Mses. J ACKSON LEE, JUDYCHUof California, Mr. C
OHEN , Mses. E STY, K
USTER , and Mr. C OURTNEY . From the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for consideration of title VII of the House amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. BARLETTA , CARTER of Georgia, and S
COTT of Virginia. From the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for consideration of title III of the House amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. R
UIZ. From the Committee on Ways and Means, for consideration of sec. 705 of the Senate bill, and sec. 804 of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. M
EE-
HAN, DOLD, and M CDERMOTT . There was no objection. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material on H.R. 4909. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 732 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 4909. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1455 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with Mr. S
IMP-
SONin the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I am honored to bring to the House today H.R. 4909, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. The House Armed Services Com-mittee reported it favorably 3 weeks ago by a vote of 60–2. The only way a vote like that is possible is that mem-bers are willing to work together for the best interests of the country. I want to start by thanking my part-ner on this committee, Mr. S
MITH, for his work, his insight, and his commit-ment to work together to try to do the right thing for our servicemembers and for the good of the Nation. Now, I am sure that he does not agree with everything in this bill, nor do I. It is the product of difficult choices, of compromise, of input from many mem-bers of this body. But, as a whole, I think this bill is good for the troops, good for the coun-try, and is faithful to the constitu-tional responsibilities that we have on our shoulders to provide for the mili-tary of the United States and defend the country. I want to thank all the members of the committee as well as the staff. We had a compressed schedule this year. At the same time, the country is facing national security challenges that are growing more complex and more dan-gerous and we are still dealing with the consequences of defense budget cuts. Coupled with an ambitious reform agenda, all of those things meant that our job was not easy, but members on both sides of the aisle put in the hours, attended the briefings and hearings, and contributed to this product. This bill was built from the ground up. We started with about 2,000 legisla-tive provisions that were suggested by members of our committee. We then received many additional requests from members who are not on our com-mittee through testimony, letters, and other forms of communication. For example, some members of the Small Business Committee all came to-gether with a package of proposals to help small businesses contribute to our defense efforts. We had subcommittee markups and then a full committee markup that lasted about 16 hours and considered 248 amendments. Now we have more than 370 amend-ments that have been filed with the Rules Committee, and many of them will be considered over the next 2 days on this floor. Mr. Chairman, I think that is the epitome of a regular legislative process and is particularly appropriate for this bill because providing for the common defense is the first job, I believe, of the Federal Government. I would add that servicemembers here and around the world deserve to know that we in this body are doing our job and that we support them and are actually trying to do our job, in-spired by the courage and dedication and selfless sacrifice that they exhibit in doing their jobs. I want to just highlight two primary thrusts of this bill in addition to ful-filling our constitutional responsibil-ities. Those thrusts are readiness and reform. The term ‘‘readiness’’ is often used by the military. It is sometimes not understood by those who are not in the military. Readiness involves the prepa-ration and support required to success-fully accomplish what the political leadership asks the military to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 02, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\MAY2016\H17MY6.REC H17MY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2459 May 17, 2016 
b1500 It means having the right number of people for a mission, each of whom is fully trained, has appropriate equip-ment, and is able to carry out their mission. Now, we have got severe readiness problems today in the United States military. We have pilots who are get-ting less than half the minimum num-ber of training hours they are supposed to get in order to stay proficient in their airplanes. We are cannibalizing some aircraft just to keep other air-craft flying. We have significant shortages of peo-ple in key areas, such as pilots and air-craft mechanics. I could go on with examples and sta-tistics which point toward, unfortu-nately, the kind of hollow military that our country has seen in the past. Certainly there is a high level of frus-tration among many of our service-members. Now, we do not fix all of those prob-lems in this bill, but we start to turn them around. And to truly turn them around, it means not only providing more resources for operations and maintenance and training accounts, it means we have to deal with personnel accounts, and we have to deal with modernization accounts. This bill authorizes spending at the same level as requested by the Presi-dent, $610 billion, when you add it all together. Now, personally, I would prefer a higher number, but last year we saw military funding used as a hostage to get more domestic funding. In fact, the President vetoed this bill once last year to force more domestic spending, the first time that has ever been done. Once an agreement was reached, he signed the exact same bill into law with the funding adjustments. I think using the military as a hos-tage for domestic political leverage is deplorable, but I also want to avoid a repeat of that since President Obama is still in the White House. So we used the exact same number, the exact same top line as requested by the President. Mr. Chairman, it would also be irre-sponsible for us to turn away and ig-nore the severe readiness problems that are coming to the fore, so this bill authorizes funding for several items that the President rejected in the budget proposal that he sent to us. For example, it restores a full cost- of-living adjustment for our military. It prevents further cuts in the number of people serving. It begins to repair fa-cilities. It adds funds for training and for maintenance, and it makes some progress on replacing outdated weap-ons systems. So this bill provides full funding for the base requirements for the full year, as was agreed upon in last year’s bal-anced budget agreement. It then provides a bridge fund to pay for the overseas deployments for about half of the new fiscal year. That gives the new President, whoever he or she may be, the opportunity to look at the deployments that President Obama has begun, look at the funding that he has requested, make adjustments however they think it needs to be adjusted, and then come back to Congress with their conclusions. Mr. Chairman, that is exactly the ap-proach that was used the last time we transitioned between administrations. In June of 2008, this body, under Demo-cratic leadership, did exactly what I have described with a bridge fund to get into 2009. We are following the same approach this year. Now, this bill also contains major re-forms. In fact, there are five major re-form packages in it, all of which are the work of bipartisan work on the committee, and consultation with the Department of Defense. Those areas, just briefly, are: Acquisition reform to try to ensure that we are getting more value for the money we spend, and that we get mod-ern technology into the hands of the warfighters faster. Military health care to modernize the system, provide better care, and ensure that the emphasis is where it is supposed to be, and that is military health care for our warfighters. Commissary reform to put domestic commissaries on a self-sustaining track while maintaining the benefit for our servicemembers, their families, and for retirees. Organizational reform, including the changes to the 30-year old Goldwater- Nichols law, and replacing the Quad-rennial Defense Review, the QDR, with something that is less costly and more useful. Reform of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice, long overdue and mod-ernization spurred by a review that we required in this committee that was prompted by the sexual assault allega-tions of recent years. So, Mr. Chairman, there is a lot here. There is a lot of substance, and there is a lot of reform, and it is all focused to-wards two goals. One is to support the men and women who volunteer to risk their lives to protect us. And secondly, to preserve and protect the national se-curity of the United States of America in a very dangerous world. I believe this bill deserves the sup-port of all Members. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 5 minutes. I want to thank the chairman and all the staff members and members of the committee for their excellent work in pulling this bill together. As always, I think it is a fine exam-ple of how the legislative process should work around here, and too often doesn’t. We had a bill before com-mittee. We had many, many hearings to discuss the issues around it. Then we had a long markup with amendments offered and debated, and we put to-gether a bill in a bipartisan fashion that I think was done quite well. I also agree with the chairman that there is a lot of good in this bill. There are a lot of efforts at reforming the way we do procurement and other things in the Department of Defense to try to get the most out of the money we spend. More than anything, the good in this bill is that it continues to provide for the men and women of our services who are fighting for us and protecting our national security, and I think it does a very comprehensive job of that, and that is an important issue right now. I will also agree with the chairman that we face as complex a threat environ-ment as we have probably faced, gosh, in the history of the country. We have certainly had great national security challenges throughout our history, but now they are coming at us from all di-rections. Certainly, we have the asymmetric threat of terrorism from groups like al Qaeda and Daesh and all that goes with that. We have a newly belligerent Russia that is creating problems in Eastern Europe and elsewhere. We have Iran, which continues to pose challenges to us in the Middle East and also else-where; North Korea, that is acting in a very belligerent manner; and China, that is expanding its territory by cre-ating islands in the South China Sea and challenging the territorial integ-rity of other nations. All of those things require us to be prepared and to have a robust national security policy. I think this bill does a good job of it. Now, we are facing a reckoning, com-ing down the road here, in that all of those national security challenges that I just mentioned are going to be tough to meet under any budget. One of the things that I would urge us to do is to work more closely with partners throughout the globe, as we have in some instances, to meet our national security challenges, because the sheer cost of them is going to be difficult. But on the whole, I think this bill does a good job of meeting our na-tional security concerns. There are just two problems that I do want to point out. Number one, we don’t really make as many tough choices as we should make in this bill. The chairman has pointed out how this bill prioritizes readiness, and to some degree that is true; but this bill also still has $11 million less in money for readiness than the President’s budget that was proposed because we support a wide range of other programs. If you look over the course of the next 10 years at all of the programs that we are funding and planning on buying, and then you look at how much money we are likely to have, the two don’t add up. We have to start making some difficult choices about what we are going to fund and what we are not going to fund. Related to that is the second prob-lem, the one the chairman alluded to, and that is the fact that while this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.046 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2460 May 17, 2016 
budget sticks to the $610 billion num-ber that was agreed to in the budget resolution last year, it takes $18 billion out of the overseas contingency oper-ations fund and puts it into the base budget, which means that 6 months into the fiscal year our troops in Af-ghanistan and Iraq and elsewhere will not have the money to support those overseas operations unless a supple-mental is passed. Now, the chairman is quite correct: this was done in 2008. But in 2008, we did not have the Budget Control Act. We did not have the complete unwill-ingness of this Congress to lift the Budget Control Act. I don’t see that changing in the next 6 months. Which brings us to the other issue, and that is the issue of ‘‘holding the defense bill hostage for other spending priorities, for domestic spending prior-ities.’’ Well, that is one way of looking at it. The other way of looking at is a budget is a series of choices that you have to make. And if we do spend an additional $18 billion on defense, over and above what the budget agreement of last year agreed to, then that money has got to come from somewhere. Either, one, it adds to a $19 trillion debt that I think most people feel is too high and that we need to eventu-ally get to the point of a balanced budget. It requires new revenue which, of course, is—you know, I should be struck down by lightning in this Cham-ber for even mentioning the words ‘‘new revenue.’’ That is, apparently, verboten and not going to happen. However much we may claim to sup-port the men and women who served in our Armed Forces, we are not prepared to raise taxes for what they need to do. Then you have got the domestic choices, and those domestic choices are not irrelevant. We have a crumbling in-frastructure in this country that is way behind, massively unfunded. We have other priorities. We have the Department of Homeland Security. We have Intel priorities. All of those prior-ities are shoved backwards if we take an additional $18 billion for defense. So we are not holding defense hos-tage. We are arguing about what our budget priorities should be. Should we go and take the $610 bil-lion agreement we had for defense and effectively up it to $628 billion at the expense of all these other priorities, or shouldn’t we? That is what we have to balance. I will look forward to the debate. There are a lot of interesting amend-ments coming up. I am not sure at this point how I am going to vote on this bill. I think it is incredibly important. We need to get it done. But those budget priorities are very real. And if we take an extra $18 billion for defense, that does shortchange other areas, given our unwillingness to raise revenue to pay for it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the distinguished majority leader. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I want to take one moment. Very seldom do we see a bill of this significance come to the floor in such a bipartisan manner. That takes leadership, it takes experience, and I want to thank the chairman for that. He knows that I trust his judgment, but more importantly, whenever we are talking about national security, he is the first one that I call. But I am not the only one who calls him: those around the world do as well. I want to take a moment to thank the ranking member as well. The vote to come out of this committee was 60– 2. That shows the leadership on both sides that when America looks at na-tional security, they want Republicans and Democrats alike to work together. Both of you have shown that leader-ship, and I want to congratulate you for that, bringing it to the floor in that manner. Mr. Chairman, it is indisputable that our national security has declined under President Obama’s watch. Ter-rorists are attacking us right here at home. Europe is under siege. And, yet, the President is more focused on clos-ing Guantanamo Bay and releasing de-tainees than he is on the real threats to American security. Afghanistan is increasingly unstable, and the Taliban and al Qaeda are gain-ing ground. Yet, President Obama re-mains committed to withdrawing our troops while constraining their ability to take the fight to the enemy. These are just two examples, and I don’t need to go through the whole list. Just look at the map of the world, and what do you see? Allies that have been slighted, en-emies that have been appeased, regions that have fallen into conflict and chaos. The Obama administration is not the direct cause of every problem, but the President’s inadequate responses, naive beliefs, and failures of leadership have put American interests at risk and made our country less safe. Now, House Republicans have always been and remain committed to a strong American military, an active foreign policy, and continued American leader-ship in the world. We must counter the terrorist threats forcefully. We must reaffirm and strengthen our strategic alliances, like NATO. We must engage and pre-vent, not retrench and respond. This National Defense Authorization Act demonstrates our commitment by prioritizing funding to support more troops, better defenses, and better equipment. Most importantly, this bill works to improve readiness, and ensures that our men and women are prepared to go into battle. The President has fought this ap-proach and has said he will veto this bill as it currently stands. That is de-spite a 2.1 percent pay raise for our troops, better resources for the warfighter, an aggressive stance against Russian expansion, and funding for Israel’s missile defense. b1515 This is the height of irresponsibility. With this bill, the House makes it clear that we intend to reinvigorate the De-partment of Defense, take care of our men and women in uniform, stand with our allies, and make every possible ef-fort to defeat global extremism. The President should share these goals and sign this bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ), the ranking member of the Tac-tical Air and Land Forces Sub-committee. Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-fornia. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chair-man T
HORNBERRY , Ranking Member S
MITH, and all of our staff for tirelessly working on this very incredibly impor-tant bill. Also I would like to thank Mr. T
URNER . For the past 4 years, he has been the chairman and I have been the ranking member of the Sub-committee for Tactical Air and Land Forces. It has been a pleasure. The National Defense Authorization Act, of course, is a must-pass bill. We have passed it for the past 53 years, and I am really honored to have been part of it for the past 20. The NDAA is the annual piece of law that puts the necessary resources and funding to ensure that our servicemem-bers are fully equipped and trained to defend our country here and abroad. All of our military systems—air, land, water, and space—are authorized by this legislation. It provides new oppor-tunities for the Department of Defense to engage in innovative research and development to ensure that America has the most technologically advanced military. Of course, that also bleeds over into the civilian world with all of our new technologies. The NDAA makes sure that service-members and their families are pro-vided with the necessary support and resources as they sacrifice their lives to defend their country. Just last Fri-day, I had the opportunity to be in Erie, Pennsylvania, where our son was commissioned as a second lieutenant and officer into the U.S. Army artil-lery. So I am pretty excited to con-tinue to support our military families because we are one. This bill also provides provisions to support women in the military—mak-ing equipment that actually fits them, for example—and we put in language for parental leave for our servicemem-bers for up to 14 days. It increases funding for nuclear non-proliferation, something which I am an adamant supporter of, trying to elimi-nate nuclear threats for the future, for our grandchildren and their children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.047 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2461 May 17, 2016 
It increases funding for K–12 STEM education because, again, we have to invest in our future, and the future of education is equal to our national secu-rity. The legislation also provides fund-ing and resources to counterterrorism, including those threats from ISIL. On our particular subcommittee, we included some significant oversight legislation. Everybody thinks about passing laws, but the reality is that one of the main things that we have to do as Members of Congress is to over-see what is really happening in pro-grams and with the money of our tax-payers. So we included the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter’s software oversight, the F–18 Super Hornet oxygen system, and a multiyear procurement author-ity for the Army’s helicopters. However, the successful passage of this important legislation is at risk be-cause, first, it doesn’t comply with the Republicans’ Budget Control Act be-cause it is $18 billion over the budget caps. Secondly, it includes a number of discriminatory provisions, such as lan-guage that would allow government contractors to discriminate against the LGBT community. There are many things that we need to do to ensure that this bill can be, in a bipartisan way, passed by this House. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. F
ORBES ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. I want to first commend the leader-ship of Chairman T
HORNBERRY in bring-ing this bill to the floor. His leadership has been instrumental in tackling many of the tough issues this com-mittee has had to address. I am particularly impressed with the chairman’s leadership to make sure that this Congress provides the re-quired equipment and readiness that will begin to turn some disconcerting trend lines with our national security. For example, Navy aviation has only 3 in 10 Navy jet aircraft that are fully mission capable; aircraft carriers are not available in sufficient quantities, and our Nation had a carrier gap of al-most 3 months in Central Command last year; Navy ship deployments have increased almost 40 percent, and sub-marine demand continues to outpace availability, with the Navy projecting they will meet only 42 percent of the combatant commanders’ demand, and this is before we reduce another 20 per-cent of our submarines by the end of the 2020s. As to the Air Force, our B–1 fleet was pulled back from the Arabian Gulf this year because of engine maintenance issues and replaced with B–52s that are over 50 years old; and in the last 4 years, we have reduced our tactical air-lift by 20 percent. I think everyone would agree that these are disturbing trends. It is time we invest in these capabilities. This bill goes a long way to reversing this trajectory and authorizes funds to meet the 350-ship Navy that our Nation needs. I believe it is a national security imperative to arrest the decline of our projection forces. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LAN-
GEVIN ), the ranking member of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY , Ranking Mem-ber S
MITH, and my fellow colleagues on the committee this year for many im-portant issues within the committee’s jurisdiction which we found in this bill, on which I have been proud to work with my colleagues. As ranking member of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Sub-committee, I especially want to thank my subcommittee colleagues, particu-larly my colleague J
OEWILSON , the chairman of the subcommittee. It has been a pleasure to work with him. I also want to take this opportunity to recognize members of the staff who worked so hard on this bill, without whom we wouldn’t be able to move leg-islation of this magnitude forward. The legislation, Mr. Chairman, before us today continues to address critical priorities and programs at the stra-tegic, operational, and tactical levels when it comes to emerging threats and capabilities. In particular, I am pleased with many provisions relating to game- changing technologies, such as lan-guage addressing how to properly operationalize directed energy tech-nologies, electromagnetic rail gun mount funding, electronic warfare ca-pabilities, strategy requirements, and a point person within DOD for directed energy systems. This legislation goes on also to prioritize the readiness of the Cyber Mission Force and fully supports U.S. Cyber Command while elevating this critical entity to its own combatant command. This effort enhances our su-periority in the cyber domain, and I am glad the committee recognized the need to take this vital step. I am also pleased with the approach we took toward enhancing capabilities and extending authorities to defeat nonstate actors like ISIL and al Qaeda. I am also pleased with the continued support of our Special Operations Forces and their families who are under the responsibility of the sub-committee, and those forces which are always at the pointy tip of the spear. Although this bill moves the ball for-ward on policies vital to our national defense, of course, it is far from per-fect. We must continue to address fund-ing issues in other areas of concern as we move forward in the process. In closing, I want to thank all the members of our subcommittee, as well as the members of the full Armed Serv-ices Committee, for their support dur-ing this markup. I again commend Chairman THORN -
BERRY and Ranking Member S MITH for their leadership. I look forward to our continuing to work together to craft a final product with the Senate that pro-vides further support for our men and women in uniform, our military fami-lies, and further strengthens our na-tional security. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ), the chairman of the Sub-committee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his efforts to promote peace through strength. Mr. Chairman, I am grateful to sup-port H.R. 4909, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, which I believe faithfully sets forth a path to recover and strengthen our military readiness. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities of the House Armed Services Committee, I am particularly appreciative to over-see some of the most innovative as-pects of the Department of Defense. A few key areas of the subcommit-tee’s contributions to this legislation are providing robust and resilient cyber capabilities and authorities to improve our cyber readiness and ensure resiliency for Department of Defense networks and weapons systems. We support innovative science and tech-nology programs and authorities to meet future challenges. We fully re-source and support our Special Oper-ations Forces, who remain at war and globally postured, supporting our na-tional security in the global war on terrorism. We extend vital counterter-rorism authorities while improving congressional oversight in this very important area. Again, I would like to thank Chair-man M
ACTHORNBERRY for his steadfast leadership as well as the subcommittee ranking member, Mr. J
IMLANGEVIN of Rhode Island, who has been an ener-getic partner on these issues with an extraordinary subcommittee staff. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bill and vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4909. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ), the ranking member of the Readiness Subcommittee. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Chairman, I commend Chairman T
HORNBERRY , Ranking Member S
MITH, and the com-mittee staff who have worked many, many long nights on the FY17 National Defense Authorization Act. I worked with Mr. S
MITH and members on the committee, particularly the Readiness chairman, Mr. R
OBWITTMAN , to in-clude a number of provisions that will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.048 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2462 May 17, 2016 
improve our military readiness and continue to support the Asia-Pacific rebalance, allowing crucial infrastruc-ture projects to move forward and re-quiring the Navy to report on land usage on Guam that will have positive impacts for our posture in this region. The bill provides critical funding to the Long Range Strike Bomber pro-gram as well as adds additional funding to keep the fielding of the MQ–4 pro-gram on track. I especially want to thank Ranking Member S
MITH for working to get a provision mandating a review of distin-guished Asian American and Pacific Is-lander veterans who may have been un-justly overlooked in the Medal of Honor consideration included in the chairman’s mark. It is important that we appropriately recognize the con-tributions of our brave men and women in uniform. While I am proud of these and other provisions, this bill is far from perfect. There are, once again, numerous dam-aging environmental provisions; and, more broadly, I am disappointed that the majority has again created a bill that circumvents budget caps, a ma-neuver that plays politics with our servicemembers in the field—particu-larly reckless in this environment. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to address these and other concerns, and I hope common sense will prevail as this process continues. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
URNER ), the subcommittee chairman on Tactical Air and Land Forces. Mr. TURNER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. As the chairman has indicated, the President has issued a veto threat on this bill claiming criticism that the bill uses overseas contingency oper-ations funds for base requirements. This is a hypocritical attack by the President because the President, in his own bill, included $5 billion in overseas contingency operations funding to be used for base requirements as part of the President’s budget for 2017. The reality is that $5 billion is not enough to address the readiness crisis that is facing our military, and it does not ensure that our troops are ready to deploy and are fully prepared. The military, in fact, submitted $22 billion in unfunded requirements for fiscal year 2017 alone. I want to thank Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY for his leadership as he begins the process of rebuilding our military and restoring readiness back into the future. As the chairman said, this bill came out of our committee, 60–2. It is the same bill that is going to come to this House floor. I certainly hope we are not in the sit-uation, as we were last year, where we had Democrats on the committee who actually voted for the bill in com-mittee and then voted against the bill on the House floor. This is a bill that deserves passage. It deserves the sup-port for our men and women in uni-form. In my subcommittee, the bill author-izes almost $6 billion in additional funds to address critical unfunded re-quirements, a benefit provided by the military services. I want to also thank Chairman THORNBERRY , in this bill, for reversing the President’s proposed cuts to our end strength, our numbers of those serving in the Army and the Marine Corps. He has incorporated the POS-TURE Act, which was first introduced by Representative C
HRIS GIBSON . The bill also includes funds for the European Reassurance Initiative, which is incredibly important as we move to respond against Russian ag-gression. Additionally, this bill calls for con-tinued action to eradicate sexual as-sault in the military, and I appreciate the chairman’s support for those provi-sions. The bill provides greater trans-parency in the military criminal jus-tice system, acknowledges the need for intensive treatment for male victims of sexual assault, and continues to ad-dress the critical issue of retaliation. b1530 Before I conclude, I want to thank our subcommittee’s ranking member, Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ , for her support in completing the markup of this bill as well as that of other Members, and I want to thank L
ORETTA SANCHEZ for her long service on the Armed Services Committee. I ask everyone to support this bill. The CHAIR. The Chair would remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURT -
NEY), the ranking member of the Seapower and Projection Forces Sub-committee. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chair, I enthu-siastically support the seapower por-tion of the defense bill, which is a strong bipartisan boost to our security on, below, and above the seas. The Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee worked hard this year examining the President’s budget as well as the larger strategic maritime context that we are considering these programs in. We have determined the following, that the demand for our naval fleet is higher than ever and so is the strain on the force. A casual review of the head-lines explains why. China’s navy is militarizing the South China Sea, threatening good order and commerce on the world’s sea-ways, completely in violation of inter-national maritime law. Russia’s navy is recapitalizing its fleet, particularly its undersea fleet, and operating at a level not seen since the cold war. These are just two examples of the up-tempo challenges that the Navy faces every single day. In this strategic context, the seapower portion of our bill builds on the work done by the Navy, the Obama administration, and this Congress to put us on a path to a 308-ship Navy within the next 5 years. That is good, but it is clear we need to do more to ensure that we have the capability to keep pace with the grow-ing and changing threats around the world. That is why this bill adds three new ships to the seven ships in the President’s budget, a third littoral combat ship, funding to complete a third DDG–51 destroyer, and resources to add an additional amphibious ship. Our bill also has another area of good bipartisan work. It is in the area of our undersea forces. Our bill not only sus-tains the two-a-year build rate of our advanced Virginia-class submarines, but also includes a measure that I pushed for to continue that build rate through the 2020s to provide the under-sea capabilities our military leaders are pleading for. Our bill also fully funds our Nation’s top strategic priority, the Ohio re-placement submarine. We also con-tinue our bipartisan work to strength-en the National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund to support this critical program outside of the regular shipbuilding ac-count. We provide this fund with new au-thorities to save additional funds dur-ing the course of building the Ohio class program—perhaps as much as 10 percent on components like missile tubes—on top of the billions in savings that already existing authorities in the fund were shown to garner by the CRS and the Congressional Budget Office. The bipartisan seapower mark is a down payment on the additional naval capabilities and capacity that we will need to keep pace with the fast-chang-ing security challenges around the globe. I am confident that it will emerge in the final enactment of the 2017 NDAA. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OGERS ), the distin-guished chairman of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank the distinguished chairman of the House Armed Services Committee for his leadership in bring-ing what I think is a very good NDAA bill to the floor. This is the 55th con-secutive NDAA. This is not an easy bill to manage. We have a critical set of funding chal-lenges as the administration’s budget submission for FY 2017 broke the deal negotiated in 2015 to achieve the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2015. Because of this failure, we in Con-gress must exercise our constitutional duty to provide for the men and women in uniform and we must provide much- needed oversight of the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy. This bill includes a number of key provisions that were authored by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.049 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2463 May 17, 2016 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces that I lead, including: Consolidating and strengthening the Air Force’s organization regarding our nuclear command and control and mis-sile warning systems; It enhances the authority for the De-partment of Defense and, also, the De-partment of Energy to mitigate threats from unmanned aircraft at its most sensitive nuclear facilities; It prohibits the DOE funding for Rus-sia and for Secretary Kerry’s unilateral disarmament initiative concerning re-tired U.S. nuclear warheads; It tackles the significant and grow-ing foreign counter space threat that our space systems are suffering by pro-viding the necessary resources to build up our space security and defense capa-bilities and by ensuring the Depart-ment is organized properly and has the authorities it needs to maintain our space advantage long into the future; It makes clear that replacement of the RD–180 in a reasoned, prudent timeline is the primary goal of the De-partment of Defense to maintain as-sured access to space while protecting the taxpayers and ending our reliance on Russian rocket engines; It requires the Army to do a better job for its soldiers than delaying the procurement of a modern radar until 2028 at the earliest; and Most significantly to me, in this bill we have recommended to the chairman a significant increase of over $400 mil-lion for the Missile Defense Agency, fo-cusing on R&D, and full funding of the request of our allies in Israel, $600.7 million, for codevelopment and co-production of Iron Dome, David’s Sling, and Arrow 3. I want to thank the chairman for his leadership, and I want to thank my good friend and colleague from Ten-nessee, Mr. J
IMCOOPER , for his support, counsel, and thoughtfulness. I couldn’t ask for a better ranking member. I urge support of the bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OOPER ), the ranking member of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee. Mr. COOPER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Washington. I thank also the chairman of the full com-mittee from Texas and my particular friend, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OGERS ). All the members of the sub-committee contributed greatly to the final product. It is not to all of our lik-ing, but we are making progress. We agree on so many of the funda-mental provisions having to do with national security. For example, I am thankful that our safe, secure, and ef-fective nuclear deterrent is fully fund-ed and we are also providing full sup-port for our nuclear nonproliferation efforts as well as providing for nuclear cleanup. Those are all very important efforts. The bill also provides a very robust missile defense, including not only pro-tecting the homeland, but also our al-lies and partners, such as the $600 mil-lion for Israeli missile defense. The mark fully funds national secu-rity space programs and makes some very important adjustments, including ensuring that we adequately support acquisition of satellite communication services. There are a few provisions in the bill that I strongly oppose, such as restrict-ing dismantlement of obsolete and unneeded nuclear weapons. Also, I think it was a mistake to mandate a poorly-thought-out, unaffordable, and unrealistic missile defense policy, including plans for a space-based missile deterrent. I also plan to continue to oppose these provi-sions in conference. I would like to reiterate my thanks to Chairman ROGERS , my friend from Alabama. It is a pleasure to work with him and our other subcommittee mem-bers. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ), the distin-guished chairman of the Subcommittee on Readiness. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY , Ranking Member S MITH, and the ranking member on the Readiness Subcommittee, M
ADELEINE BORDALLO , for all of their efforts. Chairman T
HORNBERRY over the last few months has highlighted the signifi-cant readiness challenges and budget choices we are facing. The reality is that these decisions we make here will affect the strength of our national se-curity for years to come. The American people are concerned. And why shouldn’t they be? The readi-ness obstacles that we face force our military leaders to choose between pro-viding adequate training and equip-ment for troops at home and sup-porting our men and women who are already fighting on the front lines. We have heard verified media re-ports, for instance, that aircraft me-chanics have taken drastic measures, even attempting to strip parts from museum pieces, to keep our fighters and bombers flying. We have heard testimony from each of our service branches about how crit-ical it is for us to address our military readiness shortfalls. What we have heard has been sobering, to say the least. Today we are called to address these maintenance, sustainment, and readi-ness issues. That is our constitutional duty. I believe that this bill will move us toward that end goal of restoring full-spectrum readiness. This bill, for example, prohibits the Department from implementing an-other round of base realignment and closure in the absence of an accurate end strength assessment and it stream-lines the Department of Defense’s civil-ian hiring practices so that critical manpower capability gaps can be filled. Most importantly, this bill also in-cludes more than $5 billion in addi-tional funds for, among other things, ship and aircraft depot maintenance, aviation training and readiness, and long-neglected facility sustainment, restoration, and modernization ac-counts. Our military, an overruling force for good, is supported by the finest men and women in the world. They deserve our support in return. At the same time, I would like to note that these recommendations don’t fully alleviate my concerns about our readiness shortfalls. Here in Wash-ington we need to make sure that we fully understand what is at stake and how the choices we make affect those who serve and sacrifice on our behalf. We have to continue to focus on re-storing readiness in the years to come and make sure that we properly man, train, and equip our forces so that they can meet the challenges on the horizon with the confidence and superiority we have come to expect. I ask the Members of the House to support this National Defense Author-ization Act and vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4909. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time each side has remaining? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington has 131⁄2minutes remain-ing. The gentleman from Texas has 11 minutes remaining. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS), ranking member of the Military Per-sonnel Subcommittee. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Chair-man, I want to thank Dr. H
ECKand the committee staff for working in a bipar-tisan manner to develop this bill and particularly recognize Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH for their leadership during this process. The bill includes many provisions that will provide the military services flexibility to recruit and retain mem-bers of our Armed Forces and to con-tinue our commitment to taking care of military families. One provision that we have expands parental leave for military members to 14 days as well as expanding adoption leave for dual military couples to 36 days to be split between them. It also requires DOD to study flexible maternity and paternity leave sharing for all of our dual military couples. This bill includes reforms that will put the commissary on a sustainable path while protecting the benefit for our servicemembers, retirees, and their families. It also begins to reform and modernize the military healthcare sys-tem. Although we would all agree it is not perfect, this bill is long needed to start ensuring that our servicemembers, re-tirees, and their families continue to receive the best health care in the world through efficient and economical means. Important issues were addressed in this bill. I support many of the reforms 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.050 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2464 May 17, 2016 
and all of the hard work that went into them. However, I am extremely con-cerned with how this bill is funded. I applaud Chairman T
HORNBERRY ’s desire to increase funds for end strength, modernization, and the oper-ations and maintenance accounts. But the $18 billion required comes from the Overseas Contingency Fund and cuts short resources required for our troops in harm’s way. This will require the next Congress to pass a supplemental before May, and that assumes current operations don’t increase over the next year. What pro-grams do we cut midyear to find that level of funding? This gimmick creates a hollow force. It will require the military services to hedge their bets that the funding to maintain the increased end strength authorized will be available in fiscal year 2018 when sequestration hits. The world we know is very dangerous in many places, and the pace of combat operations will most likely not dimin-ish in the near future. In light of these dangers, I do not dis-agree that the Army may need more soldiers. But the Army has not pro-vided us with the requested number, nor have they told Congress how they would create the appropriate force structure to use these additional sol-diers. Lastly, this NDAA passed out of com-mittee continued to expand on Con-gress’ efforts to increase opportunities for women to serve our Nation by re-quiring women to register for the Se-lective Service. This was only possible because the Department of Defense, after several years of intense review, opened the last remaining combat arms positions to women earlier this year. Unfortunately, the rule for the NDAA strikes the provision without debate. I understand that we are not always going to be in agreement, and that is why we debate and vote issues on the House floor. But to resort to gimmicks to hide debate is unconscionable. This is a national issue that Congress must debate and vote on. I certainly look forward, Mr. Chair, to continuing to work with the chair-man and the rest of the committee to ensure we resource our military serv-ices in a responsible manner so that we can face the challenges of today and to-morrow. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), the chair of the Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of our national de-fense. There are some stark realities we must face in today’s world of in-creased and emerging threats from around the globe combined with de-creased military readiness from arbi-trary and reckless cuts to our national defense. In the face of these challenges, we have a choice: either continue to let our military capabilities wither as our adversaries grow stronger or we can recognize that ever-changing global landscape and make sure our troops are prepared with the resources and train-ing they need to keep Americans safe against today’s threats and tomor-row’s. The latter, Mr. Chair, is what this de-fense authorization does. From ad-dressing the strike fighter shortfall with 14 additional F–18s that the Navy needs, to providing for maintenance of equipment and facilities so that mu-seum aircraft do not have to be can-nibalized for spare parts, to fully fund-ing our troops’ pay raise, which they have rightly earned, we have listened to the services and our commanders. b1545 They know what they need to do their jobs, to keep us safe, and to re-tain their people, and we have acted on their priorities. This bill also addresses shortfalls in training and provides for the mod-ernization of critical national security programs. It makes sure soldiers are prepared at all of our bases, including at the Army’s Maneuver Support Cen-ter of Excellence at Fort Leonard Wood, in my district. It ensures air-craft like the B–2 at Whiteman Air Force Base can continue to project power and the spirit of America around the globe. Mr. Chair, this authorization takes care of our troops, ensures the safety of the American people, and fulfills our constitutional obligation to provide for the common defense. I commend Chairman THORNBERRY , my House Armed Services colleagues, and the HASC staff for all of their hard work and leadership. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this responsible authorization. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ECK), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Military Personnel, who is both a doc-tor and a general in the Reserves. Mr. HECK of Nevada. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4909, the National Defense Authorization Act of 2017. This bill contains significant policy and funding initiatives that continue our commitment to maintain military personnel and family readiness and ad-dress important issues for our troops. To that end, this bill: Establishes a fully funded pay raise for all of our servicemembers. After 3 years of executive action that has pro-vided lower-than-by-law calculated pay raises, it is time we give our troops and their families the pay increase they de-serve; Stops the reductions in the active end-strengths of the Armed Forces, thereby increasing readiness while re-ducing the stress and strain on the force and their families; Reforms the Military Health System to ensure the system can sustain trained and ready healthcare providers to support the readiness of the force and provide a quality healthcare ben-efit valued by its beneficiaries; It also modernizes the Uniform Code of Military Justice to improve the sys-tem’s efficiency and transparency while also enhancing victims’ rights. This includes establishing several new offenses, including an offense prohib-iting retaliation and prohibiting inap-propriate relationships between mili-tary recruits or trainees and a person in a position of special trust; Reforms the commissary system in a way that preserves this important ben-efit while also improving the system so it remains an excellent value for the shoppers and a good value for the tax-payer; Includes an increase in parental adoptive leave for dual military cou-ples in recognition of the importance of bonding time between parents and their newly adopted children. In conclusion, I thank the ranking member, Mrs. DAVIS of California, and her staff for their contributions to the mark and support in this very bipar-tisan process. We were joined by an ac-tive and informed and dedicated group of subcommittee members, and their recommendations and priorities are clearly reflected in this bill. Addition-ally, I appreciate the dedication and hard work of the subcommittee staff. I urge my colleagues to support our military men and women and their families and to support this bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ), who is a member of the committee and who also continues to be active in the Air Na-tional Guard. Mr. BRIDENSTINE. I thank the chairman. Mr. Chair, this defense authorization makes a huge down payment on the readiness of our forces. As a combat veteran, I have partici-pated in the inter-deployment training cycles that are getting ready to deploy. I have seen the force regeneration proc-ess. I have seen it during good times, and I have seen it during bad times. Personally, as a Navy reservist, most recently, I saw a very steep decline in readiness when my squadron got elimi-nated. The VAW–77, the Nightwolves, got completely eliminated when I was a Navy reservist. We busted about $2 billion worth of cocaine every year on the high seas. Now that cocaine comes into the country, and $2 billion worth of cash funds transnational criminal organizations in northern Mexico and in Central and South America. That is what happens when we have defense cuts the way we have had recently. In fact, I will tell you that our re-maining forces still face significant shortfalls and disruptions to time-test-ed training and deployment cycles. The OPTEMPO back home is almost more intense than an overseas deployment, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.052 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2465 May 17, 2016 
but the resources are simply not avail-able. Pilots are flying the bare min-imum flight hours to stay qualified, and our maintainers and our depots can’t keep up. As a warfighter, I can attest that this will break our force. The important thing about this bill, this defense authorization—and, Mr. Chairman, it is why I am so grateful for your leadership and the bipartisan support that we had from the ranking member, Mr. S
MITH—is it makes a huge down payment on the readiness that is required to make sure that the force we have remaining is not hollow, which is critically important to the national security of this country. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ), the vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Readiness. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chair, I am proud of the bipartisan work of the House Committee on Armed Services on the FY17 National Defense Author-ization Act. This legislation takes important steps to strengthen our defense capa-bilities, and it gives our Armed Forces the resources they need to keep us safe. Importantly, this bill works to stop the funding gaps that are harming our military’s readiness, and it includes a much-deserved pay raise for our troops. This bill contains an important ini-tiative to ensure our land forces will not be depleted as well as including some of my own initiatives—the cre-ation of a DOD social media cell to counter radical online recruitment and maintain the edge in a 21st century battlefield. It also includes the devel-opment of joint directed energy capa-bilities between the United States and Israel. I am proud to support this legisla-tion, which passed in committee by a bipartisan vote of 60–2, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this vital bill on the floor. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington has 10 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Texas has 4 minutes remaining. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to reiterate some of the points that were made during the debate in the beginning of how important this bill is. We do have many national security needs. I know you see the size of the Department of Defense’s budget, and there are certainly ways we can save money. I think we have done that with acquisition reform and with some of the other reforms that are contained in this bill. It is also important to understand the threats that we face in the world— the continuing threat of terrorism and the continuing threats from nations like Russia, Iran, North Korea, and China. We need to be prepared to counter those threats if we are going to have a peaceful and stable world. Nonetheless, I think we still have the budget problem that I alluded to ear-lier, and that is that we do not have the money that we would like to have. It is not just for defense; it is for a lot of domestic priorities as well. In the way this bill is set up, it creates the possibility that we will take an addi-tional $18 billion for defense. How does that balance against our other priorities? We have to figure out how to make our budget balance and meet the prior-ities domestically while also meeting the national security priorities because our infrastructure is critical to our na-tional security as well. We have to re-main strong economically as a coun-try. In addition to that, it is not just the Department of Defense that provides for our security. There is the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, certainly, in the intelligence budget; the Depart-ment of Treasury; the Department of Justice. A lot of pieces to that puzzle are necessary, and they all get short-changed if we don’t take into account their needs as well. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time. As usual, I largely agree with many of the comments made by Mr. S
MITH. I think he is exactly right when he dis-cusses the many complex, dangerous threats that face the United States at this point. I think he is also right that we all have to put the Federal budget— but especially the military budget—on a more stable, predictable footing. I ab-solutely agree with him on those points. At the same time, we have an imme-diate need, one in which lives are at stake. Mr. Chair, let me just offer the fact that the Air Force is currently short 4,000 maintainers and more than 700 pilots. Another fact: in fiscal year 2015, the Navy had a backlog of 11 planes in depot. In fiscal year 2017, they are going to have 278 planes backlogged in the Navy depots. Less than one-third of the Army is now ready to meet the re-quirements of the defense strategic guidance. We can’t just turn away and say: Oh, we don’t like this budget approach, so we are willing to live with all of those problems. We have to deal with them. That is what this bill tries to do. Mr. Chair, by the way, if we take away the $18 billion that we try to put to readiness issues, then a lot of the things that the Members have asked for go away. I have before me, for example, a let-ter that has been signed by a number of House and Senate Members who ask for new Black Hawks this year. The fact is the President did not request any Black Hawks in his budget request. Currently, too many of our military folks are flying Black Hawks that were made in 1979. They can’t get the parts for them. They can’t even fly them in a lot of the circumstances because of the restrictions on these helicopters. So we look to the Army’s unfunded re-quirements’ list of the things they would like to have had that were stripped out by the administration, and we put into this bill 36 new Black Hawks. That is the way you deal with a lot of these readiness problems, is you replace the 1979 helicopter with a 2016 helicopter. We do that in this bill, but if we take away the approach that we have here to meet the readiness re-quirements, all of those Black Hawks go away. I also have letters from Members who ask for the third littoral combat ship. We were only able to do that because of the $18 billion. I have a letter signed by a number of Members to increase the U.S.-Israeli cooperative missile de-fense. Again, if our approach is not used, which some people on the other side are critical of, that funding goes away. It doesn’t just come out of the air. Mr. Chair, my point is we have an immediate problem. This bill tries to deal with the immediate problem that is affecting the men and women who serve our country today. Is it perfect? Of course not, but I have yet to hear of a better alternative that meets these needs and can pass the House. Mr. Chair, just to reiterate, the other point is this is exactly the same ap-proach that was used in the last admin-istration. It is curious to me that some people who wanted to give President Obama a chance of a fresh look of the deployments which he found when he came into office now want to deny the same possibility for the next President, whoever he or she may be. We take ex-actly the approach that was used under Speaker P
ELOSI and Majority Leader H
ARRY REIDin 2008, and we apply it to the next transition. I think that is what makes sense because that is what enables us to deal today with the readi-ness problems that threaten our mili-tary. I hope all Members will support this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I ask that the following exchange of letters be submitted on H.R. 4909: 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 28, 2016. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I write con-cerning H.R. 4909, the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, as amended. There are certain provisions in the legislation that fall within the Rule X juris-diction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. However, in order to expedite this legisla-tion for Floor consideration, the Committee will forgo action on this bill. This, of course, is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.053 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2466 May 17, 2016 
not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any fu-ture jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar leg-islation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee named to con-sider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the committee report on H.R. 4909 and into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House floor. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 3, 2016. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4909, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. I agree that the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure has valid jurisdic-tional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appre-ciative of your decision not to request a re-ferral in the interest of expediting consider-ation of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee re-port on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, April 28, 2016. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. THORNBERRY : I am writing to you concerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform in matters being considered in H.R. 4909, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017. Our committee recognizes the importance of H.R. 4909 and the need for the legislation to move expeditiously. Therefore, while we have a valid claim to jurisdiction over the bill, I do not intend to request a sequential referral. This, of course, is conditional on our mutual understanding that nothing in this legislation or my decision to forego a se-quential referral waives, reduces, or other-wise affects the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and that a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest will be included in the Committee Report and as part of the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill by the House. The Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform also asks that you support our request to be conferees on the provisions over which we have jurisdiction during any House-Senate conference. Thank you for your consideration in this matter. Sincerely, J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 3, 2016. Hon. J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4909, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. I agree that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this impor-tant legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequen-tial referral, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of let-ters will be included in the committee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND T
ECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, April 28, 2016. H
ON. WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 4909, the ‘‘National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017,’’ which your Committee ordered reported on April 28, 2016. H.R. 4909 contains provisions within the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology’s Rule X jurisdiction. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology with respect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congres-sional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. Sincerely, L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, May 3, 2016. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4909, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. I agree that the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology has valid jurisdic-tional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appre-ciative of your decision not to request a re-ferral in the interest of expediting consider-ation of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee report on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS , Washington, DC, April 28, 2016. Hon. W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I am writing to you concerning the bill H.R. 4909, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. There are certain provisions in the legislation which fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Small Business pursu-ant to Rule X(q) of the House of Representa-tives. In the interest of permitting the Com-mittee on Armed Services to proceed expedi-tiously to floor consideration of this impor-tant bill, I am willing to waive the right of the Committee on Small Business to sequen-tial referral. I do so with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the bill, the Committee on Small Business does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the sub-ject matters contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X(q) jurisdiction, including future bills that the Committee on Armed Services will consider. I request that you urge the Speaker to ap-point members of this Committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 4909 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this issue and others between our respective commit-tees. If you have any questions, please con-tact Jan Oliver, Chief Counsel to the Com-mittee. Sincerely, S
TEVE CHABOT , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 3, 2016. Hon. S
TEVE CHABOT , Chairman, Committee on Small Business, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 4909, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. I agree that the Committee on Small Busi-ness has valid jurisdictional claims to cer-tain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of ex-pediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Small Business is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee re-port on the bill. Sincerely, W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise to speak on House consideration of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH and the Armed Services Com-mittee for their work on the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. As a senior member of the House Com-mittee on Homeland Security, I take our role in Congress as stewards of our nation’s secu-rity seriously. I offer my thanks and appreciation to the men and women of the armed services who place themselves in harm’s way each day for the safety and security of our nation’s people. The National Defense Authorization Act’s purpose is to address the threats our nation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.024 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2467 May 17, 2016 
must deal with not just today, but into the fu-ture. This makes our work vital to our national interest and it should reflect our strong com-mitment to ensure that the men and women of our Armed Services receive the benefits and support that they deserve for their faithful service. This is the 54th consecutive National De-fense Authorization Act, which speaks to the long term commitment of the Congress and successive Administrations to provide for Na-tional Defense. This bill encompasses a number of initia-tives designed to confront the military chal-lenges posed by violent extremism, terrorists engaging in ground wars, making more effi-cient the work of protecting America, address-es the medical health needs of men and women in the armed services, and extends economic and education opportunity to small minority and women owned businesses. We do live in a dangerous world, where threats are not always easily identifiable, and our enemies are not bound by borders. Boko Haram, ISIL, and Al Shabaab remind us of how fragile our nation’s security could be without a well trained and equipped military. I appreciate the House Armed Services Committee’s continued support of our national defense and support a number of provisions in H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016, such as authori-ties that support ongoing operations. The Administration also appreciates much of the work of the committee, but is expressing strong objections because the bill: Redirects $18 billion in funding intended for use in de-feating ISIL to base budget programs; Extends operations at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; In-creases costs of the TRICARE administration; Prohibits the retiring or inactivation of Ticon-deroga-Class cruisers or dock landing ships; Reduces by $250 million the Counterterrorism Partnership Fund; Bars the administration from making sure that companies that break United States labor laws are not rewarded; Prohibi-tion on the use of funds for Countering Weap-ons of Mass Production; and Eliminates for the Department of Defense’s Joint Urgent Operational Needs Fund. Although the Administration points out areas of agreement with the Committee, the Admin-istration strongly objects to several provisions in the bill. The opportunity to amend the bill will offer an opportunity to address these and other Ad-ministration concerns that will improve the bill. Congress should authorize sufficient funding for our military’s priorities, and avoid using the Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) funding in ways that leaders of both parties over the years have made clear is inappro-priate. The final bill considered by the Congress should adopt many of the needed force struc-ture and weapons system reforms that have been identified by military leaders and experts. As written the President’s senior advisors would recommend that he veto this bill. It is my hope that the Rules Committee will make in order a number of perfecting amend-ments for consideration under the Rule for H.R. 4909. I have amendments that have been offered for consideration of H.R. 4909. Let me discuss briefly the amendments I of-fered that were adopted by the House and in-cluded in the final version of the bill. Jackson Lee Amendment Number 1 calls for increased collaboration with NIH to combat Triple Negative Breast Cancer. Jackson Lee Amendment Number 2 pro-vides authorization for $2.5 million increase in funding to combat post-traumatic stress dis-order (PTSD). Jackson Lee Amendment Number 3 con-demns the actions of Boko Haram and urges the Commander-in-Chief to ensure account-ability for crimes against humanity committed by Boko Haram against the Nigerian people. Jackson Lee Amendment Number 4 author-izes the Secretary of Defense to work with local security partners in facilitating the provi-sion of security at civilian nuclear research centers in educational institutions to ascertain that nuclear weapons do not end up in the hands of terrorists, in promotion of the United States’ and its allies’ security interests. Jackson Lee Amendment Number 5 author-izes the Secretary of Defense to work with local and international security partners, innovators, law enforcement, and other civil society organizations in the provision of tech-nical assistance for the creation, facilitation and implementation of a technological app de-signed to enable the location, protection and tracking of missing persons, refugees, return-ees and internally displaced persons. Jackson Lee Amendment Number 6 directs Secretary of the Navy to submit report to Con-gress on the feasibility of applying desaliniza-tion technologies to provide drought relief in areas impacted by sharp declines in water availability for both military as well as civilian purposes. Jackson Lee Amendment Number 7 author-izes the Secretary of Defense to provide tech-nical assistance to local and international se-curity partners in the provision of security and protection for activists and civil society organi-zations advocating for and promoting freedom of religion, education, press expression and personal expression. Jackson Lee Amendment Number 8 directs Secretary of Defense to conduct study and submit to Congress report regarding the awarding of secret and top secret security clearances to better understand the process for awarding clearances in effective and fair. Jackson Lee Amendment Number 9 re-quires outreach for small business concerns owned and controlled by women and minori-ties required before conversation of certain functions to contractor performance. Jackson Lee Amendment Number 10 ex-presses the sense of Congress regarding the importance of increasing the effectiveness of the Northern Command (‘‘NORTHCOM’’) in fulfilling its critical mission of protecting the U.S. homeland in event of war and to provide support to local, state, and federal authorities in times of national emergency. Jackson Lee Amendment Number 11 re-quires the Government Accountability Office to include in its annual report to Congress a list of the most common grounds for sustaining protests related to bids for contracts. Jackson Lee Amendment Number 12 directs the Secretary of Defense to report to Con-gress on the Department’s ability to support the rapid development, production and deploy-ment of vaccines or treatments of emerging tropical diseases, like the Zika and Ebola vi-ruses, to protect the men and women of the armed forces and their families. We must continue to direct our efforts as a body to ensure that our troops remain the best equipped and prepared military force in the world. They are not just soldiers they are sons and daughters, husbands and wives, brothers and sisters—they are some of the people we represent as members of Congress. Support of our men and women in uniform is a sacred obligation of Congress both to those who are at risk on battle fields and serv-ing as the guard against threats around the world, but they are also those who have re-turned home from war. I look forward to the inclusion of the Jack-son Lee Amendments and others that will im-prove the underlying bill. The CHAIR. All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Armed Services, printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute, consisting of the text of Rules Committee print 114–51, modified by the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114– 569, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5- minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 4909 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) D IVISIONS .—This Act is organized into five divisions as follows: (1) Division A—Department of Defense Au-thorizations. (2) Division B—Military Construction Author-izations. (3) Division C—Department of Energy Na-tional Security Authorizations and Other Au-thorizations. (4) Division D—Funding Tables. (5) Division E—Military Justice. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; table of contents. Sec. 3. Congressional defense committees. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Army Programs Sec. 111. Multiyear procurement authority for AH–64E Apache helicopters. Sec. 112. Multiyear procurement authority for UH–60M and HH–60M Black Hawk helicopters. Sec. 113. Assessment of certain capabilities of the Department of the Army. Subtitle C—Navy Programs Sec. 121. Procurement authority for aircraft carrier programs. Sec. 122. Sense of Congress on aircraft carrier procurement schedules. Sec. 123. Design and construction of LHA re-placement ship designated LHA 8. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.022 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2468 May 17, 2016 
Sec. 124. Design and construction of replace-ment dock landing ship des-ignated LX(R) or amphibious transport dock designated LPD– 29. Sec. 125. Ship to shore connector program. Sec. 126. Limitation on availability of funds for Littoral Combat Ship or successor frigate. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs Sec. 131. Elimination of annual report on air-craft inventory. Sec. 132. Repeal of requirement to preserve cer-tain retired C–5 aircraft. Sec. 133. Repeal of requirement to preserve cer-tain retired F–117 aircraft. Sec. 134. Prohibition on availability of funds for retirement of A–10 aircraft. Sec. 135. Prohibition on availability of funds for retirement of Joint Surveil-lance Target Attack Radar System aircraft. Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters Sec. 141. Termination of quarterly reporting on use of combat mission require-ments funds. Sec. 142. Fire suppressant and fuel containment standards for certain vehicles. Sec. 143. Report on Department of Defense mu-nitions strategy for the combatant commands. Sec. 144. Comptroller General review of F–35 Lightning II aircraft sustainment support. TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 211. Laboratory quality enhancement pro-gram. Sec. 212. Mechanisms to provide funds for de-fense laboratories for research and development of technologies for military missions. Sec. 213. Notification requirement for certain rapid prototyping, experimen-tation, and demonstration activi-ties. Sec. 214. Improved biosafety for handling of se-lect agents and toxins. Sec. 215. Modernization of security clearance information technology architec-ture. Sec. 216. Prohibition on availability of funds for countering weapons of mass destruction system Constellation. Sec. 217. Limitation on availability of funds for Defense Innovation Unit Experi-mental. Sec. 218. Limitation on availability of funds for Tactical Combat Training System Increment II. Sec. 219. Restructuring of the distributed com-mon ground system of the Army. Sec. 220. Designation of Department of Defense senior official with principal re-sponsibility for directed energy weapons. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 231. Strategy for assured access to trusted microelectronics. Sec. 232. Pilot program on evaluation of com-mercial information technology. Sec. 233. Pilot program for the enhancement of the laboratories and test and eval-uation centers of the Department of Defense. Sec. 234. Pilot program on modernization of electromagnetic spectrum warfare systems and electronic warfare systems. Sec. 235. Independent review of F/A–18 physio-logical episodes and corrective ac-tions. Sec. 236. Study on helicopter crash prevention and mitigation technology. Sec. 237. Report on electronic warfare capabili-ties. TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment Sec. 311. Rule of construction regarding alter-native fuel procurement require-ment. Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment Sec. 321. Pilot program for inclusion of certain industrial plants in the Armament Retooling and Manufacturing Support Initiative. Sec. 322. Private sector port loading assessment. Sec. 323. Limitation on availability of funds for Defense Contract Management Agency. Subtitle D—Reports Sec. 331. Modification of annual Department of Defense energy management re-ports. Sec. 332. Report on equipment purchased from foreign entities and authority to adjust Army arsenal labor rates. Subtitle E—Other Matters Sec. 341. Explosive Ordnance Disposal Corps. Sec. 342. Explosive ordnance disposal program. Sec. 343. Expansion of definition of structures interfering with air commerce and national defense. Sec. 344. Development of personal protective equipment for female Marines and soldiers. Sec. 345. Study on space-available travel system of the Department of Defense. Sec. 346. Supply of specialty motors from cer-tain manufacturers. Sec. 347. Limitation on use of certain funds until establishment and implemen-tation of required process by which members of the Armed Forces may carry appropriate firearms on military installations. TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Active Forces Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces. Sec. 402. Revisions in permanent active duty end strength minimum levels. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Forces Sec. 411. End strengths for Selected Reserve. Sec. 412. End strengths for reserves on active duty in support of the reserves. Sec. 413. End strengths for military technicians (dual status). Sec. 414. Fiscal year 2017 limitation on number of non-dual status technicians. Sec. 415. Maximum number of reserve personnel authorized to be on active duty for operational support. Sec. 416. Sense of Congress on full-time support for the Army National Guard. Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 421. Military personnel. TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy Sec. 501. Number of Marine Corps general offi-cers. Sec. 502. Equal consideration of officers for early retirement or discharge. Sec. 503. Modification of authority to drop from rolls a commissioned officer. Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management Sec. 511. Extension of removal of restrictions on the transfer of officers between the active and inactive National Guard. Sec. 512. Extension of temporary authority to use Air Force reserve component personnel to provide training and instruction regarding pilot train-ing. Sec. 513. Limitations on ordering Selected Re-serve to active duty for preplanned missions in support of the combatant commands. Sec. 514. Exemption of military technicians (dual status) from civilian em-ployee furloughs. Subtitle C—General Service Authorities Sec. 521. Technical correction to annual au-thorization for personnel strengths. Sec. 522. Entitlement to leave for adoption of child by dual military couples. Sec. 523. Revision of deployability rating system and planning reform. Sec. 524. Expansion of authority to execute cer-tain military instruments. Sec. 525. Technical correction to voluntary sep-aration pay and benefits. Sec. 526. Annual notice to members of the Armed Forces regarding child cus-tody protections guaranteed by the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. Sec. 527. Pilot program on consolidated Army recruiting. Sec. 528. Application of military selective serv-ice registration and conscription requirements to female citizens and residents of the United States between the ages of 18 and 26. Sec. 529. Parental leave for members of the Armed Forces. Subtitle D—Military Justice, Including Sexual Assault and Domestic Violence Prevention and Response Sec. 541. Expedited reporting of child abuse and neglect to State Child Protective Services. Sec. 542. Extension of the requirement for an-nual report regarding sexual as-saults and coordination with re-lease of family advocacy report. Sec. 543. Requirement for annual family advo-cacy program report regarding child abuse and domestic violence. Sec. 544. Improved Department of Defense pre-vention of and response to hazing in the Armed Forces. Sec. 545. Burdens of proof applicable to inves-tigations and reviews related to protected communications of mem-bers of the Armed Forces and pro-hibited retaliatory actions. Sec. 546. Improved investigation of allegations of professional retaliation. Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, and Transition Sec. 561. Revision to quality assurance of cer-tification programs and stand-ards. Sec. 562. Establishment of ROTC cyber insti-tutes at senior military colleges. Sec. 563. Military-to-mariner transition. Sec. 564. Employment authority for civilian fac-ulty at certain military depart-ment schools. Sec. 565. Revision of name on military service record to reflect change in name of a member of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps, after separation from the Armed Forces. Sec. 566. Direct employment pilot program for members of the National Guard and Reserve. Sec. 567. Prohibition on establishment, mainte-nance, or support of Senior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps units at educational institutions that display Confederate battle flag. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2469 May 17, 2016 
Subtitle F—Defense Dependents’ Education and Military Family Readiness Matters Sec. 571. Continuation of authority to assist local educational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees. Sec. 572. Support for programs providing camp experience for children of military families. Subtitle G—Decorations and Awards Sec. 581. Review regarding award of Medal of Honor to certain Asian American and Native American Pacific Is-lander war veterans. Sec. 582. Authorization for award of medals for acts of valor. Sec. 583. Authorization for award of the Medal of Honor to Gary M. Rose for acts of valor during the Vietnam War. Sec. 584. Authorization for award of the Medal of Honor to Charles S. Kettles for acts of valor during the Vietnam War. Subtitle H—Miscellaneous Reports and Other Matters Sec. 591. Burial of cremated remains in Arling-ton National Cemetery of certain persons whose service is deemed to be active service. Sec. 592. Representation from members of the Armed Forces on boards, councils, and committees making rec-ommendations relating to military personnel issues. Sec. 593. Body mass index test. Sec. 594. Preseparation counseling regarding options for donating brain tissue at time of death for research. Sec. 595. Recognition of the expanded service opportunities available to female members of the Armed Forces and the long service of women in the Armed Forces. Sec. 596. Sense of Congress regarding plight of male victims of military sexual trauma. Sec. 597. Sense of Congress regarding section 504 of title 10, United States Code, on existing authority of the De-partment of Defense to enlist indi-viduals, not otherwise eligible for enlistment, whose enlistment is vital to the national interest. Sec. 598. Protection of Second Amendment Rights of Military Families. Sec. 599. Pilot program on advanced technology for alcohol abuse prevention. TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances Sec. 601. Annual adjustment of monthly basic pay. Sec. 602. Extension of authority to provide tem-porary increase in rates of basic allowance for housing under cer-tain circumstances. Sec. 603. Prohibition on per diem allowance re-ductions based on the duration of temporary duty assignment or ci-vilian travel . Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and Incentive Pays Sec. 611. One-year extension of certain bonus and special pay authorities for re-serve forces. Sec. 612. One-year extension of certain bonus and special pay authorities for health care professionals. Sec. 613. One-year extension of special pay and bonus authorities for nuclear offi-cers. Sec. 614. One-year extension of authorities re-lating to title 37 consolidated spe-cial pay, incentive pay, and bonus authorities. Sec. 615. One-year extension of authorities re-lating to payment of other title 37 bonuses and special pays. Sec. 616. Increase in maximum amount of avia-tion special pays for flying duty. Sec. 617. Conforming amendment to consolida-tion of special pay, incentive pay, and bonus authorities. Sec. 618. Technical and clerical amendments re-lating to 2008 consolidation of cer-tain special pay authorities. Sec. 619. Combat-related special compensation coordinating amendment. Subtitle C—Disability, Retired Pay, and Survivor Benefits Sec. 621. Separation determinations for members participating in Thrift Savings Plan. Sec. 622. Continuation pay for full Thrift Sav-ings Plan members who have com-pleted 8 to 12 years of service. Sec. 623. Special survivor indemnity allowance. Sec. 624. Equal benefits under Survivor Benefit Plan for survivors of reserve com-ponent members who die in the line of duty during inactive-duty training. Sec. 625. Use of member’s current pay grade and years of service, rather than final retirement pay grade and years of service, in a division of property involving disposable re-tired pay. Subtitle D—Commissary and Nonappropriated Fund Instrumentality Benefits and Operations Sec. 631. Protection and enhancement of access to and savings at commissaries and exchanges. Subtitle E—Travel and Transportation Allowances and Other Matters Sec. 641. Maximum reimbursement amount for travel expenses of members of the Reserves attending inactive duty training outside of normal com-muting distances. Sec. 642. Statute of limitations on Department of Defense recovery of amounts owed to the United States by members of the uniformed serv-ices, including retired and former members. TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Reform of TRICARE and Military Health System Sec. 701. TRICARE Preferred and other TRICARE reform. Sec. 702. Reform of administration of the De-fense Health Agency and military medical treatment facilities. Sec. 703. Military medical treatment facilities. Sec. 704. Access to urgent care under TRICARE program. Sec. 705. Access to primary care clinics at mili-tary medical treatment facilities. Sec. 706. Incentives for value-based health under TRICARE program. Sec. 707. Improvements to military-civilian part-nerships to increase access to health care and readiness. Sec. 708. Joint Trauma System. Sec. 709. Joint Trauma Education and Training Directorate. Sec. 710. Improvements to access to health care 
in military medical treatment fa-cilities. Sec. 711. Adoption of core quality performance metrics. Sec. 712. Study on improving continuity of health care coverage for Reserve Components. Subtitle B—Other Health Care Benefits Sec. 721. Provision of hearing aids to depend-ents of retired members. Sec. 722. Extended TRICARE program coverage for certain members of the Na-tional Guard and dependents dur-ing certain disaster response duty. Subtitle C—Health Care Administration Sec. 731. Prospective payment of funds nec-essary to provide medical care for the Coast Guard. Subtitle D—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 741. Mental health resources for members of the military services at high risk of suicide. Sec. 742. Research of chronic traumatic encephalopathy. Sec. 743. Active oscillating negative pressure treatment. Sec. 744. Long-term study on health of heli-copter and tiltrotor pilots. Sec. 745. Pilot program for prescription drug ac-quisition cost parity in the TRICARE pharmacy benefits pro-gram. Sec. 746. Study on display of wait times at ur-gent care clinics, pharmacies, and emergency rooms of military med-ical treatment facilities. Sec. 747. Report on feasibility of including acu-puncture and chiropractic services for retirees under TRICARE pro-gram. Sec. 748. Clarification of submission of reports on longitudinal study on trau-matic brain injury. TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS Subtitle A—Amendments to General Contracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations Sec. 801. Revision to authorities relating to De-partment of Defense Test Re-source Management Center. Sec. 802. Amendments to restrictions on undefinitized contractual actions. Sec. 803. Revision to requirements relating to inventory method for Department of Defense contracts for services. Sec. 804. Procurement of personal protective equipment. Sec. 805. Revision to effective date of senior ex-ecutive benchmark compensation for allowable cost limitations. Sec. 806. Amendments related to detection and avoidance of counterfeit elec-tronic parts. Sec. 807. Amendments to special emergency pro-curement authority. Sec. 808. Compliance with domestic source re-quirements for footwear furnished to enlisted members of the Armed Forces upon their initial entry into the Armed Forces. Sec. 809. Requirement for policies and standard checklist in procurement of serv-ices. Sec. 810. Extension of limitation on aggregate annual amount available for con-tract services. Subtitle B—Provisions Relating to Major Defense Acquisition Programs Sec. 811. Change in date of submission to Con-gress of Selected Acquisition Re-ports. Sec. 812. Amendments relating to independent cost estimation and cost analysis. Sec. 813. Revisions to Milestone B determina-tions. Sec. 814. Review and report on sustainment planning in the acquisition proc-ess. Sec. 815. Revision to distribution of annual re-port on operational test and eval-uation. Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Commercial Items Sec. 821. Revision to definition of commercial item. Sec. 822. Market research for determination of price reasonableness in acquisi-tion of commercial items. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2470 May 17, 2016 
Sec. 823. Value analysis for the determination of price reasonableness. Sec. 824. Clarification of requirements relating to commercial item determina-tions. Sec. 825. Pilot program for authority to acquire innovative commercial items using general solicitation competitive procedures. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 831. Review and report on the bid protest process. Sec. 832. Review and report on indefinite deliv-ery contracts. Sec. 833. Review and report on contractual flow-down provisions. Sec. 834. Review of anti-competitive specifica-tions in information technology acquisitions. Sec. 835. Coast Guard major acquisition pro-grams. Sec. 836. Waiver of congressional notification for acquisition of tactical missiles and munitions greater than quan-tity specified in law. Sec. 837. Closeout of old Department of the Navy contracts. Sec. 838. Requirement that certain ship compo-nents be manufactured in the na-tional technology and industrial base. Sec. 839. Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund de-termination adjustment. Sec. 840. Amendment to prohibition on perform-ance of non-defense audits by De-fense Contract Audit Agency to exempt audits for National Nu-clear Security Administration. Sec. 841. Selection of service providers for au-diting services and audit readi-ness services. Sec. 842. Modifications to the justification and approval process for certain sole- source contracts for small busi-ness concerns. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Subtitle A—Goldwater-Nichols Reform Sec. 901. Sense of Congress on Goldwater-Nich-ols Reform. Sec. 902. Repeal of Defense Strategy Review. Sec. 903. Commission on the National Defense Strategy for the United States. Sec. 904. Reform of defense strategic and policy guidance. Sec. 905. Reform of the national military strat-egy. Sec. 906. Modification to independent study of national security strategy formu-lation process. Sec. 907. Term of office for the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Sec. 908. Responsibilities of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff relating to operations. Sec. 909. Assigned forces within the continental United States. Sec. 910. Reduction in general officer and flag officer grades and positions. Sec. 911. Establishment of unified combatant command for cyber operations. Sec. 912. Revision of requirements relating to length of joint duty assignments. Sec. 913. Revision of definitions used for joint officer management. Sec. 914. Independent assessment of combatant command structure. Subtitle B—Other Matters Sec. 921. Modifications to corrosion report. Sec. 922. Authority to employ civilian faculty members at Joint Special Oper-ations University. Sec. 923. Guidelines for conversion of functions performed by civilian or con-tractor personnel to performance by military personnel. Sec. 924. Public release by Inspectors General of reports of misconduct. Sec. 925. Modifications to requirements for ac-counting for members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees listed as missing. Subtitle C—Department of the Navy and Marine Corps Sec. 931. Redesignation of the Department of the Navy as the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps. Sec. 932. Conforming amendments to title 10, United States Code. Sec. 933. Other provisions of law and other ref-erences. Sec. 934. Effective date. TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Financial Matters Sec. 1001. General transfer authority. Sec. 1002. Requirement to transfer funds from Department of Defense Acquisi-tion Workforce Development Fund to the Treasury. Subtitle B—Counter-Drug Activities Sec. 1011. Extension of authority to provide ad-ditional support for counter-drug activities of foreign governments. Sec. 1012. Secretary of Defense review of cur-ricula and program structures of National Guard counterdrug schools. Sec. 1013. Extension of authority to support unified counterdrug and counter-terrorism campaign in Colombia. Subtitle C—Naval Vessels and Shipyards Sec. 1021. Definition of short-term work with respect to overhaul, repair, or maintenance of naval vessels. Sec. 1022. Warranty requirements for ship-building contracts. Sec. 1023. National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund. Sec. 1024. Availability of funds for retirement or inactivation of Ticonderoga-class cruisers or dock landing ships. Sec. 1025. Restrictions on the overhaul and re-pair of vessels in foreign ship-
yards. Subtitle D—Counterterrorism Sec. 1031. Frequency of counterterrorism oper-ations briefings. Sec. 1032. Prohibition on use of funds for trans-fer or release of individuals de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba to the United States. Sec. 1033. Prohibition on use of funds to con-struct or modify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1034. Prohibition on use of funds for trans-fer or release to certain countries of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1035. Prohibition on use of funds for re-alignment of forces at or closure of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1036. Modification of congressional notifi-cation of sensitive military oper-ations. Sec. 1037. Comprehensive strategy for detention of certain individuals. Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations Sec. 1041. Expanded authority for transpor-tation by the Department of De-fense of non-Department of De-fense personnel and cargo. Sec. 1042. Limitation on retirement, deactiva-tion, or decommissioning of mine countermeasures ships. Sec. 1043. Extension of authority of Secretary of Transportation to issue non-pre-mium aviation insurance. Sec. 1044. Evaluation of Navy alternate com-bination cover and unisex com-bination cover. Sec. 1045. Department of Defense protection of national security spectrum. Sec. 1046. Transportation on military aircraft on a space-available basis for members and former members of the Armed Forces with disabilities rated as total. Sec. 1047. National Guard flyovers of public events. Subtitle F—Studies and Reports Sec. 1061. Temporary continuation of certain Department of Defense reporting requirements. Sec. 1062. Matters for inclusion in report on designation of countries for which rewards may be paid under De-partment of Defense rewards pro-gram. Sec. 1063. Congressional notification of biologi-cal select agent and toxin theft, loss, or release involving the De-partment of Defense. Sec. 1064. Report on service-provided support to United States special operations forces. Sec. 1065. Report on citizen security responsibil-ities in the Northern Triangle of Central America. Sec. 1066. Report on counterproliferation activi-ties and programs. Sec. 1067. Inclusion of ballistic missile defense information in annual report on requirements of combatant com-mands. Sec. 1068. Reviews by Department of Defense concerning national security use of spectrum. Sec. 1069. Annual report on personnel, training, and equipment requirements for the non-Federalized National Guard to support civilian authori-ties in prevention and response to domestic disasters. Subtitle G—Other Matters Sec. 1081. Technical and clerical amendments. Sec. 1082. Modification to support for non-Fed-eral development and testing of material for chemical agent de-fense. Sec. 1083. Increase in maximum amount avail-able for equipment, services, and supplies provided for humani-tarian demining assistance. Sec. 1084. Liquidation of unpaid credits accrued as a result of transactions under a cross-servicing agreement. Sec. 1085. Clarification of contracts covered by airlift service provision. Sec. 1086. National biodefense strategy. Sec. 1087. Global Cultural Knowledge Network. Sec. 1088. Modification of requirements relating to management of military techni-cians. Sec. 1089. Sense of Congress regarding Con-necticut’s Submarine Century. Sec. 1090. LNG permitting certainty and trans-parency. Sec. 1091. Sense of Congress regarding the re-porting of the MV–22 mishap in Marana, Arizona, on April 8, 2000. Sec. 1092. Transfer of surplus firearms to cor-poration for the promotion of rifle practice and firearms safety. Sec. 1093. Sense of Congress regarding the im-portance of Panama City, Flor-ida, to the history and future of the armed forces. Sec. 1094. Protections relating to civil rights and disabilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2471 May 17, 2016 
Sec. 1095. Nonapplicability of certain executive order to Department of Defense and National Nuclear Security Administration. Sec. 1096. Determination and disclosure of transportation costs incurred by Secretary of Defense for congres-sional trips outside the United States. Sec. 1097. Waiver of certain polygraph exam-ination requirements. TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS Sec. 1101. Temporary direct hire authority for domestic defense industrial base facilities and the Major Range and Test Facilities Base. Sec. 1102. Temporary personnel flexibilities for domestic defense industrial base facilities and Major Range and Test Facilities Base civilian per-sonnel. Sec. 1103. One-year extension of temporary au-thority to grant allowances, bene-fits, and gratuities to civilian per-sonnel on official duty in a com-bat zone. Sec. 1104. Advance payments for employees re-locating within the United States and its territories. Sec. 1105. Permanent authority for alternative personnel program for scientific and technical personnel. Sec. 1106. Modification to information tech-nology personnel exchange pro-gram. Sec. 1107. Treatment of certain localities for calculation of per diem allow-ances. Sec. 1108. Eligibility of employees in a time-lim-ited appointment to compete for a permanent appointment at any Federal agency. Sec. 1109. Limitation on administrative leave. Sec. 1110. Record of investigation of personnel action in separated employee’s of-ficial personnel file. Sec. 1111. Review of official personnel file of former Federal employees before rehiring. TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Subtitle A—Assistance and Training Sec. 1201. One-year extension of logistical sup-port for coalition forces sup-porting certain United States mili-tary operations. Sec. 1202. Extension of authority for training of general purpose forces of the United States Armed Forces with military and other security forces of friendly foreign countries. Sec. 1203. Modification and extension of au-thority to conduct activities to en-hance the capability of foreign countries to respond to incidents involving weapons of mass de-struction. Sec. 1204. Extension of authority for support of special operations to combat ter-rorism. Sec. 1205. Modification and codification of re-porting requirements relating to security cooperation authorities. Sec. 1206. Independent assessment of Depart-ment of Defense security coopera-tion programs. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan Sec. 1211. Extension and modification of Com-manders’ Emergency Response Program. Sec. 1212. Extension and modification of au-thority for reimbursement of cer-tain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations. Sec. 1213. Extension of authority to acquire products and services produced in countries along a major route of supply to Afghanistan. Sec. 1214. Extension of authority to transfer de-fense articles and provide defense services to the military and secu-rity forces of Afghanistan. Sec. 1215. Sense of Congress on United States policy and strategy in Afghani-stan. Sec. 1216. Special immigrant status for certain Afghans. Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria and Iraq Sec. 1221. Modification and extension of au-thority to provide assistance to the vetted Syrian opposition. Sec. 1222. Modification and extension of au-thority to provide assistance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Sec. 1223. Extension and modification of au-thority to support operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. Sec. 1224. Report on prevention of future ter-rorist organizations in Iraq and Syria. Sec. 1225. Semiannual report on integration of political and military strategies against ISIL. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to the Russian Federation Sec. 1231. Limitation on use of funds to approve or otherwise permit approval of certain requests by Russian Fed-eration under Open Skies Treaty. Sec. 1232. Military response options to Russian Federation violation of INF Trea-ty. Sec. 1233. Limitation on military cooperation between the United States and the Russian Federation. Sec. 1234. Statement of policy on United States efforts in Europe to reassure United States partners and allies and deter aggression by the Gov-ernment of the Russian Federa-tion. Sec. 1235. Modification of Ukraine security as-sistance initiative. Sec. 1236. Prohibition on availability of funds relating to sovereignty of the Rus-sian Federation over Crimea. Sec. 1237. Modification and extension of report on military assistance to Ukraine. Sec. 1238. Additional matters in annual report on military and security develop-ments involving the Russian Fed-eration. Subtitle E—Other Matters Sec. 1241. Sense of Congress on malign activities of the Government of Iran. Sec. 1242. Modification of annual report on military and security develop-ments involving the People’s Re-public of China. Sec. 1243. Sense of Congress on trilateral co-operation between Japan, South Korea, and the United States. Sec. 1244. Sense of Congress on cooperation be-tween Singapore and the United States. Sec. 1245. Monitoring and evaluation of over-seas humanitarian, disaster, and civic aid programs of the Depart-ment of Defense. Sec. 1246. Enhancement of interagency support during contingency operations and transition periods. Sec. 1247. Two-year extension and modification of authorization of non-conven-tional assisted recovery capabili-ties. Sec. 1248. Authority to destroy certain specified 
World War II-era United States- origin chemical munitions located on San Jose Island, Republic of Panama. Sec. 1249. Strategy for United States defense in-terests in Africa. Sec. 1250. United States-Israel directed energy cooperation. Sec. 1251. Sense of Congress on support for Es-tonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. Sec. 1252. Sense of Congress on support for Georgia. Sec. 1253. Modification of annual report on military power of Iran. Sec. 1254. Sense of Congress on senior military exchanges between the United States and Taiwan. Sec. 1255. Quarterly report on freedom of navi-gation operations. Subtitle F—Codification and Consolidation of Department of Defense Security Cooperation Authorities Sec. 1261. Enactment of new chapter for De-partment of Defense security co-operation authorities and transfer of certain authorities to new chapter. TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION Sec. 1301. Specification of Cooperative Threat Reduction funds. Sec. 1302. Funding allocations. Sec. 1303. Limitation on availability of funds for Cooperative Threat Reduction in People’s Republic of China. TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Military Programs Sec. 1401. Working capital funds. Sec. 1402. National Defense Sealift Fund. Sec. 1403. Chemical Agents and Munitions De-struction, Defense. Sec. 1404. Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense-wide. Sec. 1405. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1406. Defense Health Program. Sec. 1407. National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund. Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile Sec. 1411. Authority to dispose of certain mate-rials from and to acquire addi-tional materials for the National Defense Stockpile. Sec. 1412. Revisions to the Strategic and Crit-ical Materials Stock Piling Act. Subtitle C—Other Matters Sec. 1421. Authority for transfer of funds to Joint Department of Defense-De-partment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois. Sec. 1422. Authorization of appropriations for Armed Forces Retirement Home. TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 1501. Purpose and treatment of certain au-thorizations of appropriations. Sec. 1502. Procurement. Sec. 1503. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 1504. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 1505. Military personnel. Sec. 1506. Working capital funds. Sec. 1507. Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense-wide. Sec. 1508. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1509. Defense Health program. Sec. 1510. Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund. Subtitle B—Financial Matters Sec. 1521. Treatment as additional authoriza-tions. Sec. 1522. Special transfer authority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2472 May 17, 2016 
Subtitle C—Limitations, Reports, and Other Matters Sec. 1531. Afghanistan Security Forces Fund. Sec. 1532. Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund. Sec. 1533. Extension of authority to use Joint Improvised Explosive Device De-feat Fund for training of foreign security forces to defeat impro-vised explosive devices. TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Subtitle A—Space Activities Sec. 1601. Rocket propulsion system to replace RD–180. Sec. 1602. Exception to the prohibition on con-tracting with Russian suppliers of rocket engines for the evolved ex-pendable launch vehicle program. Sec. 1603. Analysis of alternatives for wide- band communications. Sec. 1604. Modification to pilot program for ac-quisition of commercial satellite communication services. Sec. 1605. Space-based environmental moni-toring. Sec. 1606. Prohibition on use of certain non-al-lied positioning, navigation, and timing systems. Sec. 1607. Limitation of availability of funds for the Joint Space Operations Center Mission System. Sec. 1608. Space-based infrared system and ad-vanced extremely high frequency program. Sec. 1609. Plans on transfer of acquisition and funding authority of certain weather missions to National Re-connaissance Office. Sec. 1610. Pilot program on commercial weather data. Sec. 1611. Organization and management of na-tional security space activities of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1612. Review of charter of Operationally Responsive Space Program Office. Sec. 1613. Backup and complementary posi-tioning, navigation, and timing capabilities of Global Positioning System. Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and Intelligence-Related Activities Sec. 1621. Limitation on availability of funds for intelligence management. Sec. 1622. Limitations on availability of funds for United States Central Com-mand Intelligence Fusion Center. Sec. 1623. Limitation on availability of funds for Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex. Subtitle C—Cyberspace-Related Matters Sec. 1631. Special emergency procurement au-thority to facilitate the defense against or recovery from a cyber attack. Sec. 1632. Change in name of National Defense University’s Information Re-sources Management College to College of Information and Cyber-space. Sec. 1633. Requirement to enter into agreements relating to use of cyber opposition forces. Sec. 1634. Limitation on availability of funds for cryptographic systems and key management infrastructure. Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces Sec. 1641. Improvements to Council on Over-sight of National Leadership Com-mand, Control, and Communica-tions System. Sec. 1642. Treatment of certain sensitive infor-mation by State and local govern-ments. Sec. 1643. Procurement authority for certain parts of intercontinental ballistic missile fuzes. Sec. 1644. Prohibition on availability of funds for mobile variant of ground- based strategic deterrent missile. Sec. 1645. Limitation on availability of funds for extension of New START Treaty. Sec. 1646. Consolidation of nuclear command, control, and communications functions of the Air Force. Sec. 1647. Report on Russian and Chinese polit-ical and military leadership sur-vivability, command and control, and continuity of government programs and activities. Sec. 1648. Sense of Congress on importance of independent nuclear deterrent of United Kingdom. Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs Sec. 1651. Extensions of prohibitions relating to missile defense information and systems. Sec. 1652. Review of the missile defeat policy and strategy of the United States. Sec. 1653. Iron dome short-range rocket defense system and Israeli cooperative missile defense program codevel-opment and coproduction. Sec. 1654. Maximizing Aegis Ashore capability. Sec. 1655. Technical authority for integrated air and missile defense activities and programs. Sec. 1656. Development and research of non-ter-restrial missile defense layer. Sec. 1657. Hypersonic boost glide vehicle de-fense. Sec. 1658. Limitation on availability of funds for Patriot lower tier air and mis-sile defense capability of the Army. Sec. 1659. Limitation on availability of funds for conventional prompt global strike weapons system. Sec. 1660. Pilot program on loss of unclassified, controlled technical information. Sec. 1661. Review of Missile Defense Agency budget submissions for ground- based midcourse defense and eval-uation of alternative ground- based interceptor deployments. Sec. 1662. Declaratory policy, concept of oper-ations, and employment guide-lines for left-of-launch capability. Sec. 1663. Procurement of medium-range dis-crimination radar to improve homeland missile defense. Sec. 1664. Semiannual notifications on missile defense tests and costs. Sec. 1665. National missile defense policy. Sec. 1666. Sense of Congress on initial operating capability of phase 2 of European Phased Adaptive Approach to missile defense. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 1671. Protection of certain facilities and as-
sets from unmanned aircraft. Sec. 1672. Improvement of coordination by De-partment of Defense of electro-magnetic spectrum usage. TITLE XVII—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION AGILITY Sec. 1701. Modular open system approach in de-velopment of major weapon sys-tems. Sec. 1702. Development, prototyping, and de-ployment of weapon system com-ponents or technology. Sec. 1703. Cost, schedule, and performance of major defense acquisition pro-grams. Sec. 1704. Transparency in major defense acqui-sition programs. Sec. 1705. Amendments relating to technical data rights. TITLE XVIII—MATTERS RELATING TO SMALL BUSINESS PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Improving Transparency and Clarity for Small Businesses Sec. 1801. Plain language rewrite of require-ments for small business procure-ments. Sec. 1802. Improving reporting on small busi-ness goals. Sec. 1803. Transparency in small business goals. Sec. 1804. Uniformity in procurement termi-nology. Subtitle B—Clarifying the Roles of Small Business Advocates Sec. 1811. Scope of review by procurement cen-ter representatives. Sec. 1812. Responsibilities of Commercial Mar-ket Representatives. Sec. 1813. Duties of the Office of Small and Dis-advantaged Business Utilization. Sec. 1814. Improving contractor compliance. Sec. 1815. Responsibilities of Business Oppor-tunity Specialists. Subtitle C—Strengthening Opportunities for Competition in Subcontracting Sec. 1821. Good faith in subcontracting. Sec. 1822. Pilot program to provide opportuni-ties for qualified subcontractors to obtain past performance ratings. Subtitle D—Mentor-Protege Programs Sec. 1831. Amendments to the Mentor-Protege Program of the Department of De-fense. Sec. 1832. Improving cooperation between the mentor-protege programs of the Small Business Administration and the Department of Defense. Subtitle E—Women’s Business Programs Sec. 1841. Office of Women’s Business Owner-ship. Sec. 1842. Women’s Business Center Program. Sec. 1843. Matching requirements under Wom-en’s Business Center Program. Subtitle F—SCORE Program Sec. 1851. SCORE Reauthorization. Sec. 1852. SCORE program. Subtitle G—Miscellaneous Provisions Sec. 1861. Improving education on small busi-ness regulations. Sec. 1862. Protecting task order competition. Sec. 1863. Improvements to size standards for small agricultural producers. Sec. 1864. Uniformity in service-disabled vet-eran definitions. Sec. 1865. Required reports pertaining to capital planning and investment control. Sec. 1866. Office of Hearings and Appeals. Sec. 1867. Issuance of guidance on small busi-ness matters. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 2001. Short title. Sec. 2002. Expiration of authorizations and amounts required to be specified by law. Sec. 2003. Effective date. TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2101. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2102. Family housing. Sec. 2103. Authorization of appropriations, Army. Sec. 2104. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2014 project. Sec. 2105. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2013 projects. Sec. 2106. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2014 projects. TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2201. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2473 May 17, 2016 
Sec. 2202. Family housing. Sec. 2203. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2204. Authorization of appropriations, Navy. Sec. 2205. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2014 project. Sec. 2206. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2013 projects. Sec. 2207. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2014 projects. Sec. 2208. Status of ‘‘net negative’’ policy re-garding Navy acreage on Guam. TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2301. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2302. Family housing. Sec. 2303. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2304. Authorization of appropriations, Air Force. Sec. 2305. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2016 project. Sec. 2306. Extension of authorization of certain fiscal year 2013 project. Sec. 2307. Extension of authorization of certain fiscal year 2014 project. Sec. 2308. Restriction on acquisition of property in Northern Mariana Islands. TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2401. Authorized Defense Agencies con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2402. Authorized energy conservation projects. Sec. 2403. Authorization of appropriations, De-fense Agencies. Sec. 2404. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2014 project. Sec. 2405. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2013 projects. Sec. 2406. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2014 projects. TITLE XXV—NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM Sec. 2501. Authorized NATO construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, NATO. TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE FORCES FACILITIES Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 2601. Authorized Army National Guard construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2602. Authorized Army Reserve construc-tion and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2604. Authorized Air National Guard con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2606. Authorization of appropriations, Na-tional Guard and Reserve. Subtitle B—Other Matters Sec. 2611. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2014 project. Sec. 2612. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2015 project. Sec. 2613. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2016 project. Sec. 2614. Extension of authorization of certain fiscal year 2013 project. Sec. 2615. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2014 projects. TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES Sec. 2701. Authorization of appropriations for base realignment and closure ac-tivities funded through Depart-ment of Defense base closure ac-count. Sec. 2702. Prohibition on conducting additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing Sec. 2801. Modification of criteria for treatment of laboratory revitalization projects as minor military con-struction projects. Sec. 2802. Classification of facility conversion projects as repair projects. Sec. 2803. Extension of temporary, limited au-thority to use operation and maintenance funds for construc-tion projects outside the United States. Sec. 2804. Extension of temporary authority for acceptance and use of contribu-tions for certain construction, maintenance, and repair projects mutually beneficial to the Depart-ment of Defense and Kuwait mili-tary forces. Sec. 2805. Notice and reporting requirements for energy conservation construction projects. Sec. 2806. Additional entities eligible for partici-pation in defense laboratory mod-ernization pilot program. Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities Administration Sec. 2811. Congressional notification for in-kind 
contributions for overseas military construction projects. Sec. 2812. Prohibition on use of military instal-lations to house unaccompanied alien children. Sec. 2813. Allotment of space and provision of services to WIC offices operating on military installations. Sec. 2814. Sense of Congress regarding need to consult with State and local offi-cials prior to acquisitions of real property. Sec. 2815. Sense of Congress regarding inclusion of stormwater systems and compo-nents within the meaning of ‘‘wastewater system’’ under the Department of Defense authority for conveyance of utility systems. Sec. 2816. Assessment of public schools on De-partment of Defense installations. Subtitle C—Provision Related to Asia-Pacific Military Realignment Sec. 2821. Limited exceptions to restriction on development of public infrastruc-ture in connection with realign-ment of Marine Corps forces in Asia-Pacific region. Subtitle D—Land Conveyances Sec. 2831. Land conveyances, High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program facility and adjacent property, Gakona, Alaska. Sec. 2832. Land conveyance, Campion Air Force Radar Station, Galena, Alaska. Sec. 2833. Exchange of property interests, San Diego Unified Port District, Cali-fornia. Sec. 2834. Release of property interests retained in connection with land convey-ance, Eglin Air Force Base, Flor-ida. Sec. 2835. Land exchange, Fort Hood, Texas. Sec. 2836. Land conveyance, P-36 Warehouse, Colbern United States Army Re-serve Center, Laredo, Texas. Sec. 2837. Land conveyance, St. George Na-tional Guard Armory, St. George, Utah. Sec. 2838. Release of restrictions, Richland In-novation Center, Richland, Wash-ington. Subtitle E—Military Land Withdrawals Sec. 2841. Bureau of Land Management with-drawn military lands under Mili-tary Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999. Sec. 2842. Permanent withdrawal or transfer of administrative jurisdiction of pub-lic land, Naval Air Weapons Sta-tion China Lake, California. Subtitle F—Military Memorials, Monuments, and Museums Sec. 2851. Cyber Center for Education and In-novation–Home of the National Cryptologic Museum. Sec. 2852. Renaming site of the Dayton Avia-tion Heritage National Historical Park, Ohio. Sec. 2853. Support for military service memo-rials and museums highlighting role of women in the military. Sec. 2854. Petersburg National Battlefield boundary modification. Sec. 2855. Amendments to the National Historic Preservation Act. Sec. 2856. Recognition of the National Museum of World War II Aviation. Subtitle G—Designations and Other Matters Sec. 2861. Designation of portion of Moffett Federal Airfield, California, as Moffett Air National Guard Base. Sec. 2862. Redesignation of Mike O’Callaghan Federal Medical Center. Sec. 2863. Transfer of certain items of the Omar Bradley Foundation to the de-scendants of General Omar Brad-ley. Sec. 2864. Protection and recovery of Greater Sage Grouse. Sec. 2865. Implementation of lesser prairie- chicken range-wide conservation plan and other conservation measures. Sec. 2866. Removal of endangered species status for American burying beetle. TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2901. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2902. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2903. Authorization of appropriations. TITLE XXX—UTAH TEST AND TRAINING RANGE ENCROACHMENT PREVENTION AND TEMPORARY CLOSURE AUTHORI-TIES Sec. 3001. Findings and definitions. Subtitle A—Utah Test and Training Range Sec. 3011. Management of BLM land. Sec. 3012. Temporary closures. Sec. 3013. Community resource group. Sec. 3014. Liability. Sec. 3015. Effects of subtitle. Subtitle B—Land Exchange Sec. 3021. Findings and purpose. Sec. 3022. Definitions. Sec. 3023. Exchange of Federal land and non- Federal land. Sec. 3024. Status and management of non-Fed-eral land after exchange. Sec. 3025. Hazardous materials. Subtitle C—Highway Rights-of-way Sec. 3031. Recognition and transfer of certain highway rights-of-way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2474 May 17, 2016 
DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Subtitle A—National Security Programs Authorizations Sec. 3101. National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration. Sec. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup. Sec. 3103. Other defense activities. Sec. 3104. Nuclear energy. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 3111. Independent acquisition project re-views of capital assets acquisition projects. Sec. 3112. Research and development of ad-vanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium. Sec. 3113. Disposition of weapons-usable pluto-nium. Sec. 3114. Design basis threat. Sec. 3115. Prohibition on availability of funds for provision of certain assistance to Russian Federation. Sec. 3116. Limitation on availability of funds for Federal salaries and expenses. Sec. 3117. Limitation on availability of funds for defense environmental cleanup program direction. Sec. 3118. Limitation on availability of funds for acceleration of nuclear weap-ons dismantlement. Sec. 3119. Annual certification of shipments to Waste Isolation Pilot Plant. Subtitle C—Plans and Reports Sec. 3121. Clarification of annual report and certification on status of security of atomic energy defense facilities. Sec. 3122. Annual report on service support contracts of the National Nuclear Security Administration. Sec. 3123. Repeal of certain reporting require-ments. Sec. 3124. Independent assessment of tech-nology development under defense environmental cleanup program. Sec. 3125. Updated plan for verification and monitoring of proliferation of nu-clear weapons and fissile mate-rial. TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD Sec. 3201. Authorization. TITLE XXXIII—NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVATION CAPABILITIES Sec. 3301. Short title. Sec. 3302. Nuclear energy. Sec. 3303. Nuclear energy research programs. Sec. 3304. Advanced fuel cycle initiative. Sec. 3305. University nuclear science and engi-neering support. Sec. 3306. Department of Energy civilian nu-clear infrastructure and facilities. Sec. 3307. Security of nuclear facilities. Sec. 3308. High-performance computation and supportive research. Sec. 3309. Enabling nuclear energy innovation. Sec. 3310. Budget plan. Sec. 3311. Conforming amendments. TITLE XXXIV—NAVAL PETROLEUM RESERVES Sec. 3401. Authorization of appropriations. TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION Sec. 3501. Authorization of the Maritime Ad-ministration. Sec. 3502. Authority to make pro rata annual payments under operating agree-ments for vessels participating in Maritime Security Fleet. Sec. 3503. Authority to extend certain age re-strictions relating to vessels in the Maritime Security Fleet. Sec. 3504. Corrections to provisions enacted by Coast Guard Authorization Acts. Sec. 3505. Status of National Defense Reserve Fleet vessels. Sec. 3506. NDRF national security multi-mis-sion vessel. Sec. 3507. United States Merchant Marine Academy. Sec. 3508. Use of National Defense Reserve Fleet scrapping proceeds. Sec. 3509. Floating dry docks. TITLE XXXVI—BALLAST WATER Sec. 3601. Short title. Sec. 3602. Definitions. Sec. 3603. Regulation and enforcement. Sec. 3604. Uniform national standards and re-quirements for the regulation of discharges incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel. Sec. 3605. Treatment technology certification. Sec. 3606. Exemptions. Sec. 3607. Alternative compliance program. Sec. 3608. Judicial review. Sec. 3609. Effect on State authority. Sec. 3610. Application with other statutes. DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES Sec. 4001. Authorization of amounts in funding tables. TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT Sec. 4101. Procurement. Sec. 4102. Procurement for overseas contingency operations. Sec. 4103. Procurement for overseas contingency operations for base requirements. TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Sec. 4201. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 4202. Research, development, test, and evaluation for overseas contin-gency operations. Sec. 4203. Research, development, test, and evaluation for overseas contin-gency operations for base require-ments. TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Sec. 4301. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 4302. Operation and maintenance for over-seas contingency operations. Sec. 4303. Operation and maintenance for over-
seas contingency operations for base requirements. TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL Sec. 4401. Military personnel. Sec. 4402. Military personnel for overseas con-tingency operations. Sec. 4403. Military personnel for overseas con-tingency operations for base re-quirements. TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 4501. Other authorizations. Sec. 4502. Other authorizations for overseas contingency operations. Sec. 4503. Other authorizations for overseas contingency operations for base requirements. TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 4601. Military construction. Sec. 4602. Military construction for overseas contingency operations. Sec. 4603. Military construction for overseas contingency operations for base requirements. TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Sec. 4701. Department of Energy national secu-rity programs. DIVISION E—MILITARY JUSTICE Sec. 6000. Short title. TITLE LX—GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 6001. Definitions. Sec. 6002. Clarification of persons subject to UCMJ while on inactive-duty training. Sec. 6003. Staff judge advocate disqualification due to prior involvement in case. Sec. 6004. Conforming amendment relating to military magistrates. Sec. 6005. Rights of victim. TITLE LXI—APPREHENSION AND RESTRAINT Sec. 6101. Restraint of persons charged. Sec. 6102. Modification of prohibition of con-finement of armed forces members with enemy prisoners and certain others. TITLE LXII—NON-JUDICIAL PUNISHMENT Sec. 6201. Modification of confinement as non- judicial punishment. TITLE LXIII—COURT-MARTIAL JURISDICTION Sec. 6301. Courts-martial classified. Sec. 6302. Jurisdiction of general courts-martial. Sec. 6303. Jurisdiction of special courts-martial. Sec. 6304. Summary court-martial as non-crimi-nal forum. TITLE LXIV—COMPOSITION OF COURTS- MARTIAL Sec. 6401. Technical amendment relating to per-sons authorized to convene gen-eral courts-martial. Sec. 6402. Who may serve on courts-martial; de-tail of members. Sec. 6403. Number of court-martial members in capital cases. Sec. 6404. Detailing, qualifications, etc. of mili-tary judges. Sec. 6405. Qualifications of trial counsel and defense counsel. Sec. 6406. Assembly and impaneling of members; detail of new members and mili-tary judges. Sec. 6407. Military magistrates. TITLE LXV—PRE-TRIAL PROCEDURE Sec. 6501. Charges and specifications. Sec. 6502. Preliminary hearing required before referral to general court-martial. Sec. 6503. Disposition guidance. Sec. 6504. Advice to convening authority before referral for trial. Sec. 6505. Service of charges and commencement of trial. TITLE LXVI—TRIAL PROCEDURE Sec. 6601. Duties of assistant defense counsel. Sec. 6602. Sessions. Sec. 6603. Technical amendment relating to con-tinuances. Sec. 6604. Conforming amendments relating to challenges. Sec. 6605. Statute of limitations. Sec. 6606. Former jeopardy. Sec. 6607. Pleas of the accused. Sec. 6608. Contempt. Sec. 6609. Depositions. Sec. 6610. Admissibility of sworn testimony by audiotape or videotape from records of courts of inquiry. Sec. 6611. Conforming amendment relating to defense of lack of mental respon-sibility. Sec. 6612. Voting and rulings. Sec. 6613. Votes required for conviction, sen-tencing, and other matters. Sec. 6614. Plea agreements. Sec. 6615. Record of trial. TITLE LXVII—SENTENCES Sec. 6701. Sentencing. Sec. 6701A. Minimum confinement period re-quired for conviction of certain sex-related offenses committed by members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 6702. Effective date of sentences. Sec. 6703. Sentence of reduction in enlisted grade. TITLE LXVIII—POST-TRIAL PROCEDURE AND REVIEW OF COURTS-MARTIAL Sec. 6801. Post-trial processing in general and special courts-martial. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2475 May 17, 2016 
Sec. 6802. Limited authority to act on sentence in specified post-trial cir-cumstances. Sec. 6803. Post-trial actions in summary courts- martial and certain general and special courts-martial. Sec. 6804. Entry of judgment. Sec. 6805. Waiver of right to appeal and with-drawal of appeal. Sec. 6806. Appeal by the United States. Sec. 6807. Rehearings. Sec. 6808. Judge advocate review of finding of guilty in summary court-martial. Sec. 6809. Transmittal and review of records. Sec. 6810. Courts of criminal appeals. Sec. 6811. Review by court of appeals for the armed forces. Sec. 6812. Supreme Court review. Sec. 6813. Review by Judge Advocate General. Sec. 6814. Appellate defense counsel in death penalty cases. Sec. 6815. Authority for hearing on vacation of suspension of sentence to be con-ducted by qualified judge advo-cate. Sec. 6816. Extension of time for petition for new trial. Sec. 6817. Restoration. Sec. 6818. Leave requirements pending review of certain court-martial convictions. TITLE LXIX—PUNITIVE ARTICLES Sec. 6901. Reorganization of punitive articles. Sec. 6902. Conviction of offense charged, lesser included offenses, and attempts. Sec. 6903. Soliciting commission of offenses. Sec. 6904. Malingering. Sec. 6905. Breach of medical quarantine. Sec. 6906. Missing movement; jumping from ves-sel. Sec. 6907. Offenses against correctional custody and restriction. Sec. 6908. Disrespect toward superior commis-sioned officer; assault of superior commissioned officer. Sec. 6909. Willfully disobeying superior commis-sioned officer. Sec. 6910. Prohibited activities with military re-cruit or trainee by person in posi-tion of special trust. Sec. 6911. Offenses by sentinel or lookout. Sec. 6912. Disrespect toward sentinel or lookout. Sec. 6913. Release of prisoner without author-ity; drinking with prisoner. Sec. 6914. Penalty for acting as a spy. Sec. 6915. Public records offenses. Sec. 6916. False or unauthorized pass offenses. Sec. 6917. Impersonation offenses. Sec. 6918. Insignia offenses. Sec. 6919. False official statements; false swear-ing. Sec. 6920. Parole violation. Sec. 6921. Wrongful taking, opening, etc. of mail matter. Sec. 6922. Improper hazarding of vessel or air-craft. Sec. 6923. Leaving scene of vehicle accident. Sec. 6924. Drunkenness and other incapacita-tion offenses. Sec. 6925. Lower blood alcohol content limits for conviction of drunken or reckless operation of vehicle, aircraft, or vessel. Sec. 6926. Endangerment offenses. Sec. 6927. Communicating threats. Sec. 6928. Technical amendment relating to murder. Sec. 6929. Child endangerment. Sec. 6930. Deposit of obscene matter in the mail. Sec. 6931. Fraudulent use of credit cards, debit cards, and other access devices. Sec. 6932. False pretenses to obtain services. Sec. 6933. Robbery. Sec. 6934. Receiving stolen property. Sec. 6935. Offenses concerning government com-puters. Sec. 6936. Bribery. Sec. 6937. Graft. Sec. 6938. Kidnapping. Sec. 6939. Arson; burning property with intent to defraud. Sec. 6940. Assault. Sec. 6941. Burglary and unlawful entry. Sec. 6942. Stalking. Sec. 6943. Subornation of perjury. Sec. 6944. Obstructing justice. Sec. 6945. Misprision of serious offense. Sec. 6946. Wrongful refusal to testify. Sec. 6947. Prevention of authorized seizure of property. Sec. 6948. Wrongful interference with adverse administrative proceeding. Sec. 6949. Retaliation. Sec. 6950. Extraterritorial application of certain offenses. Sec. 6951. Table of sections. TITLE LXX—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 7001. Technical amendment relating to courts of inquiry. Sec. 7002. Technical amendment to article 136. Sec. 7003. Articles of Uniform Code of Military Justice to be explained to officers upon commissioning. Sec. 7004. Military justice case management; data collection and accessibility. TITLE LXXI—MILITARY JUSTICE REVIEW PANEL AND ANNUAL REPORTS Sec. 7101. Military justice review panel. Sec. 7102. Annual reports. TITLE LXXII—CONFORMING AMENDMENTS AND EFFECTIVE DATES Sec. 7201. Amendments to UCMJ subchapter ta-bles of sections. Sec. 7202. Effective dates. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEES. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2017 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activities, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4101. Subtitle B—Army Programs 
SEC. 111. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR AH–64E APACHE HELICOPTERS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Army may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2017 program year, for the procurement of AH–64E Apache helicopters. (b) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT PAY-
MENTS .—A contract entered into under sub-section (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2017 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 112. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR UH–60M AND HH–60M BLACK HAWK HELICOPTERS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Army may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2017 program year, for the procurement of UH–60M and HH– 60M Black Hawk helicopters. (b) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT PAY-
MENTS .—A contract entered into under sub-section (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2017 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. SEC. 113. ASSESSMENT OF CERTAIN CAPABILI-TIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of the Army and the Chief of Staff of the Army, shall conduct an assessment of the following capabilities with re-spect to the Department of the Army: (1) The capacity of AH–64 Apache-equipped attack reconnaissance battalions to meet future needs. (2) Air defense artillery capacity and respon-siveness, including— (A) the capacity of short-range air defense ar-tillery to address existing and emerging threats, including threats posed by unmanned aerial systems, cruise missiles, and manned aircraft; and (B) the potential for commercial off-the-shelf solutions. (3) Chemical, biological, radiological, and nu-clear capabilities and modernization needs. (4) Field artillery capabilities, including— (A) modernization needs; (B) munitions inventory shortfalls; and (C) changes in doctrine and war plans con-sistent with the Memorandum of the Secretary of Defense dated June 19, 2008, regarding the Department of Defense policy on cluster muni-tions and unintended harm to civilians. (5) Fuel distribution and water purification capacity and responsiveness. (6) Watercraft and port-opening capabilities and responsiveness. (7) Transportation capacity and responsive-ness, particularly with respect to the transpor-tation of fuel, water, and cargo. (8) Military police capacity. (9) Tactical mobility and tactical wheeled ve-hicle capacity, including heavy equipment prime movers. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than April 1, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report containing— (1) the assessment conducted under subsection (a); (2) recommendations for reducing or elimi-nating shortfalls in responsiveness and capacity with respect to each of the capabilities described in such subsection; and (3) an estimate of the costs of implementing such recommendations. (c) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. Subtitle C—Navy Programs 
SEC. 121. PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR AIR-CRAFT CARRIER PROGRAMS. 
(a) P ROCUREMENT AUTHORITY IN SUPPORT OF  C
ONSTRUCTION OF FORD CLASS AIRCRAFT CAR-
RIERS .— (1) A
UTHORITY FOR ECONOMIC ORDER QUAN -
TITY.—The Secretary of the Navy may procure materiel and equipment in support of the con-struction of the Ford class aircraft carriers des-ignated CVN–80 and CVN–81 in economic order quantities when cost savings are achievable. (2) L
IABILITY .—Any contract entered into under paragraph (1) shall provide that any obli-gation of the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose, and that total liability to the Government for termination of any contract entered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated at time of termination. (b) R
EFUELING AND COMPLEX OVERHAUL OF  N
IMITZ CLASS AIRCRAFT CARRIERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy may carry out the nuclear refueling and com-plex overhaul of each of the following Nimitz class aircraft carriers: (A) U.S.S. George Washington (CVN–73). (B) U.S.S. John C. Stennis (CVN–74). (C) U.S.S. Harry S. Truman (CVN–75). (D) U.S.S. Ronald Reagan (CVN–76). (E) U.S.S. George H.W. Bush (CVN–77). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2476 May 17, 2016 
(2) U SE OF INCREMENTAL FUNDING .—With re- spect to any contract entered into under para-graph (1) for the nuclear refueling and complex overhaul of a Nimitz class aircraft carrier, the Secretary may use incremental funding for a pe-riod not to exceed six years after advance pro-curement funds for such nuclear refueling and complex overhaul effort are first obligated. (3) C
ONDITION FOR OUT -YEAR CONTRACT PAY -
MENTS .—Any contract entered into under para-graph (1) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2017 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for that later fiscal year. 
SEC. 122. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON AIRCRAFT CARRIER PROCUREMENT SCHED-ULES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) In a report submitted to Congress on March 17, 2015, the Secretary of the Navy indi-cated the Department of the Navy has a require-ment of 11 aircraft carriers. (2) In the Congressional Budget Office report titled ‘‘An Analysis of the Navy’s Fiscal Year 2016 Shipbuilding Plan’’, the Office stated as follows: ‘‘To prevent the carrier force from de-clining to 10 ships in the 2040s, 1 short of its in-ventory goal of 11, the Navy could accelerate purchases after 2018 to 1 every four years, rath-er than 1 every five years’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the plan of the Department of the Navy to schedule the procurement of one aircraft carrier every five years will reduce the overall aircraft carrier inventory to 10 aircraft carriers, a level insufficient to meet peacetime and war plan re-quirements; and (2) to accommodate the required aircraft car-rier force structure, the Department of the Navy should— (A) begin to program construction for the Ford class aircraft carrier designated CVN–81 in fiscal year 2022; and (B) program the required advance procure-ment activities to accommodate the construction of such carrier. 
SEC. 123. DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION OF LHA REPLACEMENT SHIP DESIGNATED LHA 8. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy may enter into a contract, beginning with the fiscal year 2017 program year, for the design and construction of the LHA Replacement ship designated LHA 8 using amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy. (b) U
SE OF INCREMENTAL FUNDING .—With re- spect to the contract entered into under sub-section (a), the Secretary may use incremental funding to make payments under the contract. (c) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT PAY-
MENTS .—The contract entered into under sub-section (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under such contract for any fiscal year after fiscal year 2017 is subject to the availability of appro-priations for that purpose for such fiscal year. 
SEC. 124. DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION OF RE-PLACEMENT DOCK LANDING SHIP DESIGNATED LX(R) OR AMPHIBIOUS TRANSPORT DOCK DESIGNATED LPD–29. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy may enter into a contract, beginning with the fiscal year 2017 program year, for the design and construction of the replacement dock land-ing ship designated LX(R) or the amphibious transport dock designated LPD–29 using amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy. (b) U
SE OF INCREMENTAL FUNDING .—With re- spect to the contract entered into under sub-section (a), the Secretary may use incremental funding to make payments under the contract. (c) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT PAY-
MENTS .—The contract entered into under sub-section (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under such contract for any fiscal year after fiscal year 2017 is subject to the availability of appro-priations for that purpose for such fiscal year. SEC. 125. SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR PROGRAM. 
(a) C ONTRACT AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into a contract to procure up to 45 Ship to Shore Connector craft. (b) L
IABILITY .—Any contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obli-gation of the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose, and that the total liability to the Government for termination of any contract entered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated at time of termination. 
SEC. 126. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP OR SUCCESSOR FRIGATE. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the Navy shall be used to select only a single contractor for the construc-tion of the Littoral Combat Ship or any suc-cessor frigate class ship program until the Sec-retary of the Navy certifies to the congressional defense committees that such selection of a sin-gle contractor will be conducted— (1) using competitive procedures; and (2) for the limited purpose of awarding a con-tract for— (A) an engineering change proposal for a frig-ate class ship; or (B) the construction of a frigate class ship. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs 
SEC. 131. ELIMINATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON AIRCRAFT INVENTORY. 
Section 231a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e). 
SEC. 132. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT TO PRE-SERVE CERTAIN RETIRED C–5 AIR-CRAFT. 
Section 141 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1659) is amended by striking subsection (d). 
SEC. 133. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT TO PRE-SERVE CERTAIN RETIRED F–117 AIR-CRAFT. 
Section 136 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109-364; 120 Stat. 2114) is amended by striking subsection (b). 
SEC. 134. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF A–10 AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS 
FORRETIREMENT .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status any A–10 air-craft. (b) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON RETIREMENT .— In addition to the prohibition in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Air Force may not retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status any A–10 air-craft until a period of 90 days has elapsed fol-lowing the date on which the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees the re-port under subsection (e)(2). (c) P
ROHIBITION ON SIGNIFICANT REDUCTIONS  
INMANNING LEVELS .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to make sig-nificant reductions to manning levels with re-spect to any A–10 aircraft squadrons or divi-sions. (d) MINIMUM INVENTORY REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure the Air Force maintains a minimum of 171 A–10 aircraft designated as primary mission aircraft inventory until a period of 90 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees the report under subsection (e)(2). (e) R
EPORTS REQUIRED .— (1) The Director of Operational Test and Eval-uation shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (A) the results and findings of the initial oper-ational test and evaluation of the F–35 aircraft program; and (B) a comparison test and evaluation that ex-amines the capabilities of the F–35A and A–10C aircraft in conducting close air support, combat search and rescue, and forward air controller airborne missions. (2) Not later than 180 days after the date of the submission of the report under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (A) the views of the Secretary with respect to the results of the initial operational test and evaluation of the F–35 aircraft program as sum-marized in the report under paragraph (1), in-cluding any issues or concerns of the Secretary with respect to such results; (B) a plan for addressing any deficiencies and carrying out any corrective actions identified in such report; and (C) short-term and long-term strategies for preserving the capability of the Air Force to conduct close air support, combat search and rescue, and forward air controller airborne mis-sions. (f) S
PECIAL RULE.— (1) Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of the Air Force may carry out the transition of the A–10 unit at Fort Wayne Air National Guard Base, Indiana, to an F–16 unit as de-scribed by the Secretary in the Force Structure Actions map submitted in support of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2017 (as sub-mitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code). (2) Subsections (a) through (e) shall apply with respect to any A–10 aircraft affected by the transition described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 135. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF JOINT SURVEILLANCE TARGET ATTACK RADAR SYSTEM AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided by sub-section (b) and in addition to the prohibition under section 144 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 758) none of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2018 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, or prepare to re-tire, any Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System aircraft. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to individual Joint Surveil-lance Target Attack Radar System aircraft that the Secretary of the Air Force determines, on a case-by-case basis, to be non-operational be-cause of mishaps, other damage, or being uneco-nomical to repair. Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters 
SEC. 141. TERMINATION OF QUARTERLY REPORT-ING ON USE OF COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS FUNDS. 
Section 123(a)(1) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4158; 10 U.S.C. 167 note.) is amended by inserting ‘‘ending on or before September 30, 2018’’ after ‘‘each fiscal quarter’’. 
SEC. 142. FIRE SUPPRESSANT AND FUEL CON-TAINMENT STANDARDS FOR CER-TAIN VEHICLES. 
(a) G UIDANCE REQUIRED .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2477 May 17, 2016 
(1) The Secretary of the Army shall issue guidance regarding fire suppressant and fuel containment standards for covered vehicles of the Army. (2) The Secretary of the Navy shall issue guid-ance regarding fire suppressant and fuel con-tainment standards for covered vehicles of the Marine Corps. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The guidance regarding fire suppressant and fuel containment standards issued pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) meet the survivability requirements appli-cable to each class of covered vehicles; (2) include standards for vehicle armor, vehi-cle fire suppression systems, and fuel contain-ment technologies in covered vehicles; and (3) balance cost, survivability, and mobility. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Navy shall each submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (1) the policy guidance established pursuant to subsection (a), set forth separately for each class of covered vehicle; and (2) any other information the Secretaries de-termine to be appropriate. (d) C
OVERED VEHICLES .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered vehicles’’ means ground vehicles acquired on or after October 1, 2018, under a major defense acquisition program (as such term is defined in section 2430 of title 10, United States Code), including light tactical vehicles, medium tactical vehicles, heavy tactical vehi-cles, and ground combat vehicles. 
SEC. 143. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MUNITIONS STRATEGY FOR THE COMBATANT COMMANDS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than April 1, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the munitions strategy for the combatant com-mands, including an identification of munitions requirements, an assessment of munitions gaps and shortfalls, and necessary munitions invest-ments. Such strategy shall cover the 10-year pe-riod beginning with 2016. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report on munitions strategy required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An identification of current and projected munitions requirements, by class or type. (2) An assessment of munitions gaps and shortfalls, including a census of current muni-tions capabilities and programs, not including ammunition. (3) A description of current and planned mu-nitions programs, including with respect to pro-curement; research, development, test, and eval-uation; and deployment activities. (4) Schedules, estimated costs, and budget plans for current and planned munitions pro-grams. (5) Identification of opportunities and limita-tions within the associated industrial base. (6) Identification and evaluation of tech-nology needs and applicable emerging tech-nologies. (7) An assessment of how current and planned munitions programs, and promising tech-nologies, may affect existing operational con-cepts and capabilities of the military depart-ments or lead to new operational concepts and capabilities. (8) An assessment of programs and capabilities by other countries to counter the munitions pro-grams and capabilities of the Armed Forces, not including with respect to ammunition, and how such assessment affects the munitions strategy of each military department. (9) An assessment of how munitions capability and capacity may be affected by changes con-sistent with the Memorandum of the Secretary of Defense dated June 19, 2008, regarding the Department of Defense policy on cluster muni-tions and unintended harm to civilians. (10) Any other matters the Secretary deter-mines appropriate. (c) FORM.—The report under subsection (a) may be submitted in classified or unclassified form. 
SEC. 144. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW OF F– 35 LIGHTNING II AIRCRAFT SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than September 30, 2017, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the sustainment support structure for the F–35 Lightning II aircraft pro-gram. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to the F–35 Light-ning II aircraft program, the following: (1) The status of the sustainment support strategy for the program, including goals for personnel training, required infrastructure, and fleet readiness. (2) Approaches, including performance-based logistics, considered in developing the sustainment support strategy for the program. (3) Other information regarding sustainment and logistics support for the program that the Comptroller General determines to be of critical importance to the long-term viability of the pro-gram. TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2017 for the use of the De-partment of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4201. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 211. LABORATORY QUALITY ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Assistant Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering, shall carry out a Program to be known as the ‘‘Laboratory Quality Enhancement Program’’ under which the Secretary shall establish the panels de-scribed in subsection (b) and direct such pan-els— (1) to review and make recommendations to the Secretary with respect to— (A) existing policies and practices affecting the science and technology reinvention labora-tories to improve the research output of such laboratories; and (B) new initiatives proposed by the science and technology reinvention laboratories; (2) to support implementation of current and future initiatives affecting the science and tech-nology reinvention laboratories; and (3) to conduct assessments or data analysis on such other issues as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (b) P
ANELS .—The panels described in this sub-section are: (1) A panel on personnel, workforce develop-ment, and talent management. (2) A panel on facilities and infrastructure. (3) A panel on research strategy, technology transfer, and industry partnerships. (4) A panel on oversight, administrative, and regulatory processes. (c) C
OMPOSITION OF PANELS .— (1) Each panel described in subsection (b) shall be composed of not less than 4 members. (2) Each panel described in paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b) shall be composed of subject matter and technical management ex-perts from— (A) laboratories and research centers of the Army, Navy and Air Force; (B) appropriate Defense Agencies; (C) the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering; and (D) such other entities of the Department of Defense as the Secretary determines to be appro-priate. (3) The panel described in subsection (b)(4) shall be composed of— (A) the Director of the Army Research Lab-oratory; (B) the Director of the Air Force Research Laboratory; (C) the Director of the Naval Research Lab-oratory; and (D) such other members as the Secretary de-termines to be appropriate. (d) GOVERNANCE OF PANELS .— (1) The chairperson of each panel shall be se-lected by its members. (2) The panel described in subsection (b)(4) shall— (A) oversee the activities of the panels de-scribed in paragraphs (1) through (3) of sub-section (b); (B) determine the subject matter to be consid-ered by the panels; and (C) provide the recommendations of the panels to the Secretary. (e) P
ERSONNEL DEMONSTRATION PROJECT AU-
THORITY .—Section 342(b) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Public Law 103–337; 108 Stat. 2721) (as amended by section 1114(a)(2)(C) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A–315)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) In carrying out this subsection, the Sec-retary shall act through the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering.’’. (f) S
CIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY REINVENTION  L
ABORATORY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘science and technology reinvention lab-oratory’’ means a science and technology re-invention laboratory designated under section 1105 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). 
SEC. 212. MECHANISMS TO PROVIDE FUNDS FOR DEFENSE LABORATORIES FOR RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF TECHNOLOGIES FOR MILITARY MIS-SIONS. 
Section 219 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note), as most recently amended by section 262 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘not more than’’; and (2) by amending subsection (d) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(d) S
PECIAL RULE.—For purposes of this sec-tion, a federally funded research and develop-ment center shall be considered a defense lab-oratory if the center is sponsored by the Depart-ment of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 213. NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT FOR CER-TAIN RAPID PROTOTYPING, EXPERI-MENTATION, AND DEMONSTRATION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) N OTICE REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Navy shall not initiate a covered activity until a period of 10 business days has elapsed fol-lowing the date on which the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees the no-tice described in subsection (b) with respect to such activity. (b) E
LEMENTS OF NOTICE .—The notice de-scribed in this subsection is a written notice of the intention of the Secretary to initiate a cov-ered activity. Each such notice shall include the following: (1) A description of the activity. (2) Estimated costs and funding sources for the activity, including a description of any cost- sharing or in-kind support arrangements with other participants. (3) A description of any transition agreement, including the identity of any partner organiza-tion that may receive the results of the covered activity under such an agreement. (4) Identification of major milestones and the anticipated date of completion of the activity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2478 May 17, 2016 
(c) C OVERED ACTIVITY .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered activity’’ means a rapid proto-typing, experimentation, or demonstration activ-ity carried out under program element 0603382N. (d) S
UNSET .—The requirements of this section shall terminate 5 years after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 214. IMPROVED BIOSAFETY FOR HANDLING OF SELECT AGENTS AND TOXINS. 
(a) Q UALITY CONTROL AND QUALITY ASSUR-
ANCE PROGRAM .—The Secretary of Defense, act-ing through the executive agent for the biologi-cal select agent and toxin biosafety program of the Department of Defense, shall carry out a program to implement certain quality control and quality assurance measures at each covered facility. (b) Q
UALITY CONTROL AND QUALITY ASSUR-
ANCE MEASURES .—Subject to subsection (c), the quality control and quality assurance measures implemented at each covered facility under sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Designation of an external manager to oversee quality assurance and quality control. (2) Environmental sampling and inspection. (3) Production procedures that prohibit oper-ations where live biological select agents and toxins are used in the same laboratory where vi-ability testing is conducted. (4) Production procedures that prohibit work on multiple organisms or multiple strains of one organism within the same biosafety cabinet. (5) A video surveillance program that uses video monitoring as a tool to improve laboratory practices in accordance with regulatory require-ments. (6) Formal, recurring data reviews of produc-tion in an effort to identify data trends and nonconformance issues before such issues affect end products. (7) Validated protocols for production proc-esses to ensure that process deviations are ade-quately vetted prior to implementation. (8) Maintenance and calibration procedures and schedules for all tools, equipment, and irradiators. (c) W
AIVER .—In carrying out the program under subsection (a), the Secretary may waive any of the quality control and quality assur-ance measures required under subsection (b) in the interest of national defense. (d) S
TUDY AND REPORT REQUIRED .— (1) The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a study to evaluate— (A) the feasibility of consolidating covered fa-cilities within a unified command to minimize risk; (B) opportunities to partner with industry for the production of biological select agents and toxins and related services in lieu of maintain-ing such capabilities within the Department of the Army; and (C) whether operations under the biological select agent and toxin production program should be transferred to another government or commercial laboratory that may be better suited to execute production for non-Department of Defense customers. (2) Not later than February 1, 2017, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the results of the study under paragraph (1). (e) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than September 1, 2017, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the following: (1) A review of— (A) the actions taken by the Department of Defense to address the findings and rec-ommendations of the report of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Individual and Institutional Accountability for the Shipment of Viable Bacil-lus Anthracis from Dugway Proving Grounds’’, dated December 15, 2015, including any actions taken to address the culture of complacency in the biological select agent and toxin production program identified in such report; and (B) the progress of the Secretary in carrying out the program under subsection (a). (2) An analysis of the study and report under subsection (d). (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘covered facility’’ means any fa-cility of the Department of Defense that pro-duces biological select agents and toxins. (2) The term ‘‘biological select agent and toxin’’ means any agent or toxin identified under— (A) section 331.3 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations; (B) section 121.3 or section 121.4 of title 9, Code of Federal Regulations; or (C) section 73.3 or section 73.4 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 215. MODERNIZATION OF SECURITY CLEAR-ANCE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ARCHITECTURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intel-ligence and the Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management, shall develop and imple-ment an information technology system (in this section referred to as the ‘‘System’’) to— (1) modernize and sustain the security clear-ance information architecture of the National Background Investigations Bureau and the De-partment of Defense; (2) support decision-making processes for the evaluation and granting of personnel security clearances; (3) improve cyber security capabilities with re-spect to sensitive security clearance data and processes; (4) reduce the complexity and cost of the secu-rity clearance process; (5) provide information to managers on the fi-nancial and administrative costs of the security clearance process; (6) strengthen the ties between counterintel-ligence and personnel security communities; and (7) improve system standardization in the se-curity clearance process. (b) G
UIDANCE REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Management, shall issue guidance establishing the respective roles, responsibilities, and obligations of the Sec-retary and Directors with respect to the develop-ment and implementation of the System. (c) E
LEMENTS OF SYSTEM .—In developing the System under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) conduct a review of security clearance business processes and, to the extent prac-ticable, modify such processes to maximize com-patibility with the security clearance informa-tion technology architecture to minimize the need for customization of the System; (2) conduct business process mapping (as such term is defined in section 2222(i) of title 10, United States Code) of the business processes de-scribed in paragraph (1); (3) use spiral development and incremental ac-quisition practices to rapidly deploy the System, including through the use of prototyping and open architecture principles; (4) establish a process to identify and limit interfaces with legacy systems and to limit customization of any commercial information technology tools used; (5) establish automated processes for meas-uring the performance goals of the System; and (6) incorporate capabilities for the continuous monitoring of network security and the mitiga-tion of insider threats to the System. (d) C
OMPLETION DATE.—The Secretary shall complete the development and implementation of the System by not later than September 30, 2019. (e) B
RIEFING .—Beginning on December 1, 2016, and on a quarterly basis thereafter until the completion date of the System under subsection (d), the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives (and other appropriate congressional committees on request) on the progress of the Secretary in de-veloping and implementing the System. (f) REVIEW OF APPLICABLE LAWS.—The Sec- retary shall review laws, regulations, and exec-utive orders relating to the maintenance of per-sonnel security clearance information by the Federal Government. Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives (and other appropriate congres-sional committees on request) a briefing that in-cludes— (1) the results of the review; and (2) recommendations, if any, for consolidating and clarifying laws, regulations, and executive orders relating to the maintenance of personnel security clearance information by the Federal Government. (g) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate; and (2) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 216. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION SYSTEM CONSTELLATION. 
(a) P ROHIBITIONS .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the coun-tering weapons of mass destruction situational awareness information system commonly known as ‘‘Constellation’’ may be obligated or ex-pended for research, development, or proto-typing for such system. (b) R
EVIEW .—The Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, in consultation with the Director of the Defense Information Systems Agency, shall review the requirements and pro-gram plan for research, development, and proto-typing for the Constellation system. (c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Feb-ruary 1, 2017, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, in consultation with the Director of the Defense Information Systems Agency, shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the review under subsection (b). Such report shall include the fol-lowing, with respect to the Constellation system: (1) A review of the major software components of the system and an explanation of the require-ments of the Department of Defense with respect to each such component. (2) Identification of elements and applications of the system that cannot be implemented using the existing technical infrastructure and tools of the Department of Defense or the infrastructure and tools in development. (3) A description of major developmental mile-stones and decision points for additional proto-types needed to establish the full capabilities of the system, including a timeline and detailed metrics and criteria for each such milestone and decision point. (4) An overview of a security plan to achieve an accredited cross-domain solution system, in-cluding security milestones and proposed secu-rity architecture to mitigate both insider and outsider threats. (5) Identification of the planned categories of end-users of the system, linked to organizations, mission requirements, and concept of operations, the expected total number of end-users, and the associated permissions granted to such users. (6) A cost estimate for the full life-cycle cost to complete the Constellation system. 
SEC. 217. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR DEFENSE INNOVATION UNIT EXPERIMENTAL. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds specified in subsection (c), not more than 80 percent may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2479 May 17, 2016 
beobligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congres-sional defense committees the report under sub-section (b). (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental. Such report shall include the following: (1) The charter and mission statement of the Unit. (2) A description of— (A) the governance structure of the Unit; (B) the metrics used to measure the effective-ness of the Unit; (C) the process for coordinating and deconflicting the activities of the Unit with simi-lar activities of the military departments, De-fense Agencies, and other departments and agencies of the Federal Government, including activities carried out by In-Q-Tel, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, and De-partment of Defense laboratories; (D) the direct staffing requirements of the Unit, including a description of the desired skills and expertise of such staff; (E) the number of civilian and military per-sonnel provided by the military departments and Defense Agencies to support the Unit; (F) any planned expansion to new sites, the metrics used to identify such sites, and an ex-planation of how such expansion will provide access to innovations of nontraditional defense contractors (as such term is defined in section 2302 of title 10, United States Code) that are not otherwise accessible; (G) how compliance with Department of De-fense requirements could affect the ability of such nontraditional defense contractors to mar-ket products and obtain funding; and (H) how to treat intellectual property that has been developed with little or no government funding. (3) Any other information the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate. (c) F
UNDS SPECIFIED .—The funds specified in this subsection are as follows: (1) Funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for operation and maintenance, De-fense-wide, for the Defense Innovation Unit Ex-perimental. (2) Funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Defense-wide, for the Defense Inno-vation Unit Experimental. 
SEC. 218. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR TACTICAL COMBAT TRAINING SYSTEM INCREMENT II. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the Tactical Combat Training Sys-tem Increment II of the Navy, not more than 80 percent may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force submit to the congressional defense committees the report required by section 235 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114-92; 129 Stat. 780). 
SEC. 219. RESTRUCTURING OF THE DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND SYSTEM OF THE ARMY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 2017, the Secretary of the Army shall restructure versions of the distributed common ground sys-tem of the Army after Increment 1— (1) by discontinuing development of any com-ponent of the system for which there is commer-cial software that is capable of fulfilling at least 80 percent of the system requirements applicable to such component; and (2) by conducting a review of the acquisition strategy of the program to ensure that procure-ment of commercial software is the preferred method of meeting program requirements. (b) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of the Army shall not award any contract for the develop-ment of any capability for the distributed com-mon ground system of the Army if such a capa-bility is available for purchase on the commer-cial market, except for minor capabilities that are incidental to and necessary for the proper functioning of a major component of the system. SEC. 220. DESIGNATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE SENIOR OFFICIAL WITH PRIN-CIPAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR DI-RECTED ENERGY WEAPONS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) designate a senior official already serving within the Department of Defense as the official with principal responsibility for the development and demonstration of directed energy weapons for the Department; and (2) set forth the responsibilities of that senior official with respect to such programs. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 231. STRATEGY FOR ASSURED ACCESS TO TRUSTED MICROELECTRONICS. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop a strategy to ensure that the Depart-ment of Defense has assured access to trusted microelectronics by not later than September 30, 2020. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Definitions of the various levels of trust re-quired by classes of Department of Defense sys-tems. (2) Means of classifying systems of the De-partment of Defense based on the level of trust such systems are required to maintain with re-spect to microelectronics. (3) Means by which trust in microelectronics can be assured. (4) Means to increase the supplier base for as-sured microelectronics to ensure multiple supply pathways. (5) An assessment of the microelectronics needs of the Department of Defense in future years, including the need for trusted, radiation- hardened microelectronics. (6) An assessment of the microelectronic needs of the Department of Defense that may not be fulfilled by entities outside the Department of Defense. (7) The resources required to assure access to trusted microelectronics, including infrastruc-ture and investments in science and technology. (c) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the strategy developed under sub-section (a). The strategy shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) D
IRECTIVE REQUIRED .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall issue a directive for the Department of Defense describing how Department of Defense entities may access assured and trusted microelectronics supply chains for Department of Defense sys-tems. (e) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than September 30, 2020, the Secretary of the Defense shall cer-tify to the congressional defense committees that— (1) the strategy developed under subsection (a) has been implemented; and (2) the Department of Defense has an assured means for accessing a sufficient supply of trust-ed microelectronics, as required by the strategy developed under subsection (a). (f) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the terms ‘‘trust’’ and ‘‘trusted’’ refer, with respect to microelectronics, to the ability of the Depart-ment of Defense to have confidence that the microelectronics function as intended and are free of exploitable vulnerabilities, either inten-tionally or unintentionally designed or inserted as part of the system at any time during its life cycle. SEC. 232. PILOT PROGRAM ON EVALUATION OF COMMERCIAL INFORMATION TECH-NOLOGY. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—The Director of the De-fense Information Systems Agency shall carry out a pilot program to evaluate commercially available information technology tools to better understand the potential impact of such tools on networks and computing environments of the Department of Defense. (b) A
CTIVITIES .—Activities under the pilot pro-gram may include the following: (1) Prototyping, experimentation, operational demonstration, military user assessments, and other means of obtaining quantitative and qual-itative feedback on the commercial information technology products. (2) Engagement with the commercial informa-tion technology industry to— (A) forecast military requirements and tech-nology needs; and (B) support the development of market strate-gies and program requirements before finalizing acquisition decisions and strategies. (3) Assessment of novel or innovative commer-cial technology for use by the Department of Defense. (4) Assessment of novel or innovative con-tracting mechanisms to speed delivery of capa-bilities to the Armed Forces. (5) Solicitation of operational user input to shape future information technology require-ments of the Department of Defense. (c) L
IMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS.— Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for research, development, test, and evaluation, Defense-wide, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2022, not more than $15,000,000 may be expended on the pilot program in any such fis-cal year. 
SEC. 233. PILOT PROGRAM FOR THE ENHANCE-MENT OF THE LABORATORIES AND TEST AND EVALUATION CENTERS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretaries shall jointly carry out a pilot program to dem-onstrate methods for the more effective develop-ment of research, development, test, and evalua-tion functions. (b) S
ELECTION AND PRIORITY .—The Assistant Secretaries shall jointly select not more than one laboratory and one test and evaluation center from each of the military services to participate in the pilot program under subsection (a). (c) P
ARTICIPATION IN PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the director of a laboratory or test and evaluation center selected under subsection (b) shall pro-pose and implement alternative and innovative methods of rapid project delivery, support, ex-perimentation, prototyping, and partnership with universities and private sector entities to— (A) generate greater value and efficiencies in research and development activities per dollar of cost; and (B) enable more rapid deployment of warfighter capabilities. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The director shall im-plement each method proposed under paragraph (1) unless such method is disapproved by the As-sistant Secretary concerned. (d) W
AIVER AUTHORITY FOR DEMONSTRATION  
ANDIMPLEMENTATION .—Until the termination of the pilot program under subsection (f), the di-rector of a laboratory or test and evaluation center selected under subsection (b) may waive any restriction or departmental instruction that would affect the implementation of a method proposed under subsection (c), unless such im-plementation would be prohibited by Federal law. (e) M
INIMUM PARTICIPATION REQUIREMENT .— Each laboratory or test and evaluation center selected under subsection (b) shall participate in the pilot program under subsection (a) for a pe-riod of not fewer than six years beginning not later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2480 May 17, 2016 
(f) T ERMINATION .—The pilot program under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date deter-mined appropriate by the Secretary of Defense that is on or after the end of the six-year period described in subsection (e). (g) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ means— (1) the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, with respect to a working capital fund institution of the Air Force; (2) the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Ac-quisition, Technology, and Logistics, with re-spect to a working capital fund institution of the Army; and (3) the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Re-search, Development, and Acquisition, with re-spect to a working capital fund institution of the Navy. 
SEC. 234. PILOT PROGRAM ON MODERNIZATION OF ELECTROMAGNETIC SPECTRUM WARFARE SYSTEMS AND ELEC-TRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a pilot program on the mod-ernization of electromagnetic spectrum warfare systems and electronic warfare systems. (2) S
ELECTION .—If the Secretary carries out the pilot program under paragraph (1), the Elec-tronic Warfare Executive Committee shall select from the list described in section 237(b)(4) a total of five electromagnetic spectrum warfare systems and electronic warfare systems across at least two military departments that are currently in sustainment for modernization under the pilot program. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘electromagnetic spectrum war-fare’’ means electronic warfare that encom-passes military communications and sensing op-erations that occur in the electromagnetic oper-ational domain. (2) The term ‘‘electronic warfare’’ means mili-tary action involving the use of electromagnetic and directed energy to control the electro-magnetic spectrum or to attack the enemy. 
SEC. 235. INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF F/A–18 PHYS-IOLOGICAL EPISODES AND CORREC-TIVE ACTIONS. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT REVIEW REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Navy shall conduct an inde-pendent review of the plans, programs, and re-search of the Department of the Navy with re-spect to— (1) physiological events affecting aircrew of the F/A–18 Hornet and the F/A–18 Super Hornet aircraft during the covered period; and (2) the efforts of the Navy and Marine Corps to prevent and mitigate the affects of such phys-iological events. (b) C
ONDUCT OF REVIEW .—In conducting the review under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Navy shall— (1) designate an appropriate senior official in the Office of the Secretary of the Navy to over-see the review; and (2) consult experts from outside the Depart-ment of Defense in appropriate technical and medical fields. (c) R
EVIEW ELEMENTS .—The review under subsection (a) shall include an evaluation of— (1) any data of the Department of the Navy relating to the increased frequency of physio-logical events affecting aircrew of the F/A–18 Hornet and the F/A–18 Super Hornet aircraft during the covered period; (2) aircraft mishaps potentially related to such physiological events; (3) the cost and effectiveness of all material, operational, maintenance, and other measures carried out by the Department of the Navy to mitigate such physiological events during the covered period; (4) material, operational, maintenance, or other measures that may reduce the rate of such physiological events in the future; and (5) the performance of— (A) the onboard oxygen generation system in the F/A–18 Super Hornet; (B) the overall environmental control system in the F/A–18 Hornet and F/A–18 Super Hornet; and (C) other relevant subsystems of the F/A–18 Hornet and F/A–18 Super Hornet, as determined by the Secretary. (d) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than De-cember 1, 2017, the Secretary of Navy shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a re-port that includes the results of the review under subsection (a). (e) C
OVERED PERIOD .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered period’’ means the period begin-ning on January 1, 2009, and ending on the date of the submission of the report under subsection (d). 
SEC. 236. STUDY ON HELICOPTER CRASH PRE-VENTION AND MITIGATION TECH-NOLOGY. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development cen-ter to conduct a study on technologies with the potential to prevent and mitigate helicopter crashes. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study required under sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Identification of technologies with the po-tential— (A) to prevent helicopter crashes (such as col-lision avoidance technologies and battle space and terrain situational awareness technologies); and (B) to improve survivability among individuals involved in such crashes (such as adaptive flight control technologies and improved energy absorbing technologies). (2) A cost-benefit analysis of each technology identified under paragraph (1) that takes into account the cost of developing and deploying the technology compared to the potential of the technology to prevent casualties or injuries. (3) A list that ranks the technologies identi-fied under paragraph (1) based on— (A) the results of the cost-benefit analysis under paragraph (2); and (B) the readiness level of each technology. (4) An analysis of helicopter crashes that— (A) compares the casualty rates of cockpit oc-cupants to the casualty rates of occupants of cargo compartments and troop seats; and (B) identifies the root causes of the casualties described in subparagraph (A). (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representa-tives (and other congressional defense commit-tees on request) a briefing that includes— (1) the results of the study required under subsection (a); and (2) the list described in subsection (b)(3). 
SEC. 237. REPORT ON ELECTRONIC WARFARE CA-PABILITIES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than April 1, 2017, the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition, Technology, and Logistics, acting through the Electronic Warfare Executive Com-mittee, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the electronic warfare capabilities of the Department of Defense. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A strategy for advancing and accelerating research, development, test, and evaluation, and fielding, of electronic warfare capabilities to meet current and projected requirements, in-cluding recommendations for streamlining ac-quisition processes with respect to such capabili-ties. (2) A methodology for synchronizing and over-seeing electronic warfare strategies, operational concepts, and programs across the Department of Defense, including electronic warfare pro-grams that support or enable cyber operations. (3) The training and operational support re-quired for fielding and sustaining current and planned investments in electronic warfare capa-bilities. (4) A comprehensive list of investments of the Department of Defense in electronic warfare ca-pabilities, including the capabilities to be devel-oped, procured, or sustained in— (A) the budget of the President for fiscal year 2018 submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code; and (B) the future-years defense program sub-mitted to Congress under section 221 of title 10, United States Code, for that fiscal year. (5) Progress on increasing innovative electro-magnetic spectrum warfighting methods and operational concepts that provide advantages within the electromagnetic spectrum operational domain. (6) Specific attributes needed in future elec-tronic warfare capabilities, such as networking, adaptability, agility, multifunctionality, and miniaturization, and progress toward incor-porating such attributes in new electronic war-fare systems. (7) Capability gaps with respect to asymmetric and near-peer adversaries identified pursuant to a capability gap assessment. (8) A joint strategy on achieving near real- time system adaption to rapidly advancing mod-ern digital electronics. (9) Any other information the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate. (c) FORM.—The report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2017 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and main-tenance, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4301. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
SEC. 311. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING ALTERNATIVE FUEL PROCUREMENT REQUIREMENT. 
Section 526 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–140; 42 U.S.C. 17142) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This provision shall not be con-strued as a constraint on any conventional or unconventional fuel procurement necessary for military operations, including for test and cer-tification purposes.’’ Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment 
SEC. 321. PILOT PROGRAM FOR INCLUSION OF CERTAIN INDUSTRIAL PLANTS IN THE ARMAMENT RETOOLING AND MANUFACTURING SUPPORT INITIA-TIVE. 
During the five-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall treat a Government-owned, contractor-operated industrial plant of the De-partment of the Army as an eligible facility under section 4551(2) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 322. PRIVATE SECTOR PORT LOADING AS-SESSMENT. 
(a) A SSESSMENTS REQUIRED .—During the pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date of the final briefing under subsection (d), the Secretary of the Navy shall conduct quarterly assessments of Naval ship maintenance and loading activities carried out by private sector entities at each covered port. (b) E
LEMENTS OF ASSESSMENTS .—Each assess-ment under subsection (a) shall include, with re-spect to each covered port, the following: (1) Resources per day, including daily ship availabilities and the workforce available to carry out maintenance and loading activities, for the fiscal year preceding the quarter covered by the assessment through the end of such quar-ter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2481 May 17, 2016 
(2) Projected resources per day, including daily ship availabilities and the workforce available to carry out maintenance and loading activities, through the end of the second fiscal year beginning after the quarter covered by the assessment. (3) A description of the methods by which the Secretary communicates projected workloads to private sector entities engaged in ship mainte-nance activities and ship loading activities. (4) A description of any processes that have been implemented to allow for timely feedback from private sector entities engaged in ship maintenance activities and ship loading activi-ties. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the Sense of Congress that the Secretary should implement measures to minimize workload fluctuations at covered ports to stabilize the private sector workforce and reduce the cost of maintenance availabilities. (d) B
RIEFINGS REQUIRED .—Not later than Oc-tober 1, 2016, and on a quarterly basis thereafter until September 30, 2021, the Secretary shall pro-vide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives (and other congressional defense committees on request)— (1) a briefing on the results of the assessments conducted under subsection (a); and (2) a chart depicting the information described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) with respect to each covered port. (e) C
OVERED PORTS.—In this section, the term ‘‘covered ports’’ means port facilities used by the Department of Defense in each of the fol-lowing locations: (1) Mayport, Florida. (2) Norfolk, Virginia. (4) Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. (3) Puget Sound, Washington. (5) San Diego, California. 
SEC. 323. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the operation of the Defense Contract Management Agency, not more than 90 percent may be obligated or ex-pended in fiscal year 2017 until the Director of the agency provides to the congressional defense committees the briefing under subsection (b). (b) B
RIEFING .—The Director of the Defense Contract Management Agency shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives (and other con-gressional defense committees on request) a briefing that includes the following: (1) A plan describing how the agency will fos-ter the adoption, implementation, and verification of item-unique identification stand-ards for tangible personal property across the Department of Defense and the defense indus-trial base (as prescribed under Department of Defense Instruction 8320.04). (2) A description of the policies, procedures, staff training, and equipment needed to— (A) ensure contract compliance with item- unique identification standards for all items that require unique item-level traceability at any time in their life cycle; (B) support counterfeit material risk reduc-tion; and (C) provide for the systematic assessment and accuracy of item-unique identification marks. Subtitle D—Reports 
SEC. 331. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE ENERGY MAN-AGEMENT REPORTS. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT RE-
LATED TO INSTALLATIONS ENERGY MANAGE -
MENT .—Subsection (a) of section 2925 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) A
NNUAL REPORT RELATED TO INSTALLA -
TIONS ENERGY MANAGEMENT .—Not later than 120 days after the end of each fiscal year ending before January 31, 2021, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional defense committees an installation energy report detail-ing the fulfillment during that fiscal year of the energy performance goals for the Department of Defense under section 2911 of this title. Each re-port shall contain the following: ‘‘(1) The energy performance goals for the De-partment of Defense with respect to transpor-tation systems, support systems, utilities, and infrastructure and facilities for the fiscal year covered by the report and the next 5, 10, and 20 fiscal years, including any changes to such en-ergy performance goals since the submission of the previous report under this section. ‘‘(2) A master plan for the achievement of the energy performance goals of the Department of Defense, as such goals are set forth in any laws, regulations, executive orders, or Department of Defense policies, including— ‘‘(A) a separate plan for each military depart-ment and Defense Agency; ‘‘(B) a standard for the measurement of en-ergy consumed by transportation systems, sup-port systems, utilities, and facilities and infra-structure, applied consistently across the mili-tary departments; ‘‘(C) a methodology for measuring reductions in energy consumption that accounts for changes— ‘‘(i) in the sizes of fleets; and ‘‘(ii) in the number and overall square footage of facility plants; ‘‘(D) standards to track annual progress in meeting energy performance goals; ‘‘(E) a description of any requirements and proposed investments relating to energy per-formance goals included in the materials sub-mitted in support of the budget of the President (as submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31) for the fiscal year covered by the re-port; and ‘‘(F) a description of any energy savings re-sulting from the implementation of the master plan or any other energy performance measures. ‘‘(3) A table listing all energy projects fi-nanced through third party financing mecha-nisms (including energy savings performance contracts, enhanced use leases, utility energy service contracts, utility privatization agree-ments, and other contractual mechanisms), in-cluding— ‘‘(A) the duration of each such mechanism, an estimate of the financial obligation incurred through the duration of each such mechanism, whether the project incorporates energy security into its design, and the estimated payback pe-riod for each such mechanism; and ‘‘(B) any renewable energy certificates relat-ing to the project, including the purchasing au-thority for the certificates, the price of the cer-tificates, and whether the certificates were bun-dled or unbundled. ‘‘(4) A description of the types and quantities of energy consumed by the Department of De-fense and by members of the armed forces and civilian personnel residing or working on mili-tary installations during the fiscal year covered by the report, including a breakdown of energy consumption by— ‘‘(A) user group; ‘‘(B) the type of energy consumed, including the quantities of any renewable energy con-sumed that was produced or procured by the Department of Defense; and ‘‘(C) the cost of the energy consumed. ‘‘(5) A description of the types and amount of financial incentives received under section 2913 of this title during the preceding fiscal year and the appropriation account or accounts to which the incentives were credited. ‘‘(6) A description and estimate of the progress made by the military departments in meeting the certification requirements for sustainable green- building standards in construction and major renovations as required by section 433 of the En-ergy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–140; 121 Stat. 1612). ‘‘(7) Details of utility outages at military in-stallations, including the total number and loca-tions of outages, the financial impact of the out-ages, and measures taken to mitigate outages in the future at the affected locations and across the Department of Defense. ‘‘(8) A description of any other issues and strategies the Secretary determines relevant to a comprehensive and renewable energy policy.’’. (b) MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT RE-
LATED TO OPERATIONAL ENERGY .—Subsection (b) of section 2925 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘138c of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘2926(b) of this title’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(H) The comments and recommendations of the Assistant Secretary under section 2926(c) of this title, including the certification required under paragraph (3) of such section.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to reports required to be submitted under section 2925 of title 10, United States Code, after such date. 
SEC. 332. REPORT ON EQUIPMENT PURCHASED FROM FOREIGN ENTITIES AND AU-THORITY TO ADJUST ARMY ARSENAL LABOR RATES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the budget of the President for fiscal year 2018 is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, Unites States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the equipment, weapons, weapons systems, components, subcomponents, and end-items purchased from foreign entities that identifies those items which could be manu-factured in the military arsenals of the United States or the military depots of the United States to meet the goals of this section or section 2464 of title 10, United States Code, as well as a plan for moving that workload into such arse-nals or depots. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include each of the following: (1) A list of items identified in the report re-quired under section 333 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 792) and a list of any items purchased from foreign manufacturers after the date of the submission of such report that are— (A) described in section 8302(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code, and purchased from a for-eign manufacturer by reason of an exception under section 8302(a)(2)(A) or section 8302(a)(2)(B) of such title; (B) described in section 2533b(a)(1) of title 10, United States Code, and purchased from a for-eign manufacturer by reason of an exception under section 2533b(b); and (C) described in section 2534(a) of such title and purchased from a foreign manufacturer by reason of a waiver exercised under paragraph (1), (2), (4), or (5) of section 2534(d) of such title. (2) An assessment of the skills required to manufacture the items described in paragraph (1) and a comparison of those skills with skills required to meet the critical capabilities identi-fied in the report of the Army to Congress on Critical Manufacturing Capabilities and Capac-ities, dated August 2013, and the core logistics capabilities identified by each military service pursuant to section 2464 of title 10, United States Code, as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) An identification of the tooling, equip-ment, and facilities upgrades necessary for a military arsenal or depot to manufacture items described in paragraph (1). (4) An identification of items described in paragraph (1) most appropriate for transfer to military arsenals or depots to meet the goals of this section or the requirements of section 2464 of title 10, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2482 May 17, 2016 
(5) An explanation of the rationale for con-tinuing to sole-source the manufacturing of items described in paragraph (1) from a foreign source rather than a military arsenal, depot, or other organic facility. (6) Such other information the Secretary de-termines to be appropriate. (c) A
UTHORITY TO ADJUST LABOR RATES TO  R
EFLECT WORKPRODUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a two-year pilot program for the purpose of per-mitting the Army arsenals to adjust periodically, throughout the year, their labor rates charged to customers based upon changes in workload and other factors. (2) B
RIEFING .—Not later than May 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing that as-sesses— (A) each Army arsenal’s changes in labor rates throughout the previous year; (B) the ability of each arsenal to meet the costs of their working-capital funds; and (C) the effect on arsenal workloads of labor rate changes. Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 341. EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL CORPS. 
Section 3063 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (13) as para-graph (14); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (12) the fol-lowing new paragraph (13): ‘‘(13) Explosive Ordnance Disposal Corps; and’’. 
SEC. 342. EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 136 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2283. Explosive ordnance disposal program ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a program to be known as the ‘Explosive Ordnance Disposal Program’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Program’) under which the Secretary shall ensure close and con-tinuous coordination between the military de-partments on matters relating to explosive ord-nance disposal. ‘‘(b) R
OLES, RESPONSIBILITIES , ANDAUTHORI -
TIES.—In carrying out the Program under sub-section (a)— ‘‘(1) the Secretary of Defense shall— ‘‘(A) assign responsibility for the coordination and integration of explosive ordnance disposal to a single office or entity in the Office of the Secretary of Defense; ‘‘(B) designate the Secretary of the Navy, or a designee of the Secretary’s choice, as the execu-tive agent for the Department of Defense to co-ordinate and integrate research, development, test, and evaluation activities and procurement activities of the military departments with re-spect to explosive ordnance disposal; and ‘‘(C) exercise oversight over explosive ord-nance disposal through the Defense Acquisition Board process; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary of each military department shall assess the needs of the military department concerned with respect to explosive ordnance disposal and may carry out research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation activities and pro-curement activities to address such needs. ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL BUDGET JUSTIFICATION DOCU-
MENTS .— (1) The Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to Congress, as a part of the defense budget materials for each fiscal year after fiscal year 2017, a consolidated budget justification display, in classified and unclassified form, that covers all activities of Department of Defense relating to the Program. ‘‘(2) The budget display under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year shall include a single program element for each of the following: ‘‘(A) Research, development, test, and evalua-tion. ‘‘(B) Procurement. ‘‘(C) Military construction. ‘‘(d) MANAGEMENT REVIEW .—(1) The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Office of the Sec-retary of Defense assigned responsibility for the coordination and integration of explosive ord-nance disposal under subsection (b)(1)(A), shall conduct a review of the management structure of the Program, including— ‘‘(A) research, development, test, and evalua-tion; ‘‘(B) procurement; ‘‘(C) doctrine development; ‘‘(D) policy; ‘‘(E) training; ‘‘(F) development of requirements; ‘‘(G) readiness; and ‘‘(H) risk assessment. ‘‘(2) Not later than May 1, 2018, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a briefing that includes— ‘‘(A) the results of the review described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) a description of any measures under-taken to improve joint coordination and over-sight of the Program and ensure a coherent and effective approach to its management. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘explosive ordnance’ means any munition containing explosives, nuclear fission or fusion materials, or biological or chemical agents, including— ‘‘(A) bombs and warheads; ‘‘(B) guided and ballistic missiles; ‘‘(C) artillery, mortar, rocket, and small arms munitions; ‘‘(D) mines, torpedoes, and depth charges; ‘‘(E) demolition charges; ‘‘(F) pyrotechnics; ‘‘(G) clusters and dispensers; ‘‘(H) cartridge and propellant actuated de-vices; ‘‘(I) electro-explosive devices; and ‘‘(J) clandestine and improvised explosive de-vices. ‘‘(2) The term ‘disposal’ means, with respect to explosive ordnance, the detection, identification, field evaluation, defeat, disablement, or ren-dering safe, recovery and exploitation, and final disposition of the ordnance.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2283. Explosive ordnance disposal program.’’. 
SEC. 343. EXPANSION OF DEFINITION OF STRUC-TURES INTERFERING WITH AIR COM-MERCE AND NATIONAL DEFENSE. 
(a) N OTICE .—Section 44718(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the interests of national security, as de-termined by the Secretary of Defense.’’. (b) S
TUDIES .—Section 44718(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(b) S
TUDIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Under regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary, if the Secretary decides that constructing or altering a structure may re-sult in an obstruction of the navigable airspace, an interference with air navigation facilities and equipment or the navigable airspace, or, after consultation with the Secretary of De-fense, an unacceptable risk to the national secu-rity of the United States, the Secretary shall conduct an aeronautical study to decide the ex-tent of such impacts on the safe and efficient use of the airspace, facilities, or equipment. In conducting the study, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) consider factors relevant to the efficient and effective use of the navigable airspace, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) the impact on arrival, departure, and en route procedures for aircraft operating under visual flight rules; ‘‘(ii) the impact on arrival, departure, and en route procedures for aircraft operating under in-strument flight rules; ‘‘(iii) the impact on existing public-use air-ports and aeronautical facilities; ‘‘(iv) the impact on planned public-use air-ports and aeronautical facilities; ‘‘(v) the cumulative impact resulting from the proposed construction or alteration of a struc-ture when combined with the impact of other ex-isting or proposed structures; and ‘‘(vi) other factors relevant to the efficient and effective use of navigable airspace; and ‘‘(B) include the finding made by the Sec-retary of Defense under subsection (f). ‘‘(2) REPORT .—On completing the study, the Secretary shall issue a report disclosing the ex-tent of the— ‘‘(A) adverse impact on the safe and efficient use of the navigable airspace that the Secretary finds will result from constructing or altering the structure; and ‘‘(B) unacceptable risk to the national secu-rity of the United States, as determined by the Secretary of Defense under subsection (f).’’. (c) N
ATIONAL SECURITY FINDING ; D EFINI -
TION.—Section 44718 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) N
ATIONAL SECURITY FINDING .—As part of an aeronautical study conducted under sub-section (b), the Secretary of Defense shall— ‘‘(1) make a finding on whether the construc-tion, alteration, establishment, or expansion of a structure or sanitary landfill included in the study would result in an unacceptable risk to the national security of the United States; and ‘‘(2) transmit the finding to the Secretary of Transportation for inclusion in the report re-quired under subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(g) U
NACCEPTABLE RISK TO NATIONAL SECU-
RITY OF UNITED STATES DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘unacceptable risk to the national security of the United States’ has the meaning given the term in section 211.3 of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on January 6, 2014.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING .—Section 44718 of title 49, United States Code, is amended in the sec-tion heading by inserting ‘‘or national secu-rity’’ after ‘‘air commerce’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 447 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 44718 and inserting the following: ‘‘44718. Structures interfering with air commerce or national security.’’. 
SEC. 344. DEVELOPMENT OF PERSONAL PROTEC-TIVE EQUIPMENT FOR FEMALE MA-RINES AND SOLDIERS. 
The Secretary of the Navy and the Com-mandant of the Marine Corps shall work in co-ordination with the Secretary of the Army to de-velop, not later than April 1, 2017, a joint acqui-sition strategy to provide more effective personal protective equipment and organizational cloth-ing and equipment to meet the specific and unique requirements for female Marines and sol-diers. 
SEC. 345. STUDY ON SPACE-AVAILABLE TRAVEL SYSTEM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct an independent study on the space-available travel system of the Department of Defense. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after entering into a contract with a feder-ally funded research and development 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2483 May 17, 2016 
centerunder subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report summarizing the results of the study con-ducted under such subsection. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The report under subsection (b) shall include, with respect to the space- available travel system, the following: (1) A determination of— (A) the capacity of the system as of the date of the enactment of this Act; (B) the projected capacity of the system for the 10-year period following such date of enact-ment; and (C) the projected number of reserve retirees, active duty retirees, and dependents of such re-tirees that will exist by the end of such 10-year period. (2) Estimates of system capacity based the pro-jections described in paragraph (1). (3) A discussion of the efficiency of the system and data regarding the use of available space with respect to each category of passengers eli-gible for space-available travel under existing regulations. (4) A description of the effect on system ca-pacity if eligibility for space-available travel is extended to— (A) drilling reserve component personnel and dependents of such personnel on international flights; (B) dependents of reserve component retirees who are less than 60 years of age; (C) retirees who are less than 60 years of age on international flights; and (D) drilling reserve component personnel trav-eling to drilling locations. (5) A discussion of logistical and management problems, including congestion at terminals, waiting times, lodging availability, and personal hardships experienced by travelers. (6) An evaluation of the cost of the system and whether space-available travel is and can remain cost-neutral. (7) An evaluation of the feasibility of expand-ing the categories of passengers eligible for space-available travel to include— (A) in the case of overseas travel, retired mem-bers of an active or reserve component, includ-ing retired members of reserve components, who, but for being under the eligibility age applicable to the member under section 12731 of title 10, United States Code, would be eligible for retired pay under chapter 1223 of such title; and (B) unremarried widows and widowers of ac-tive or reserve component members of the Armed Forces. (8) Such other factors relating to the effi-ciency and cost of the system as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (d) A
DDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES .—In addi- tion to carrying out subsections (a) through (c), the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) analyze the methods used to prioritize among the categories of individuals eligible for space-available travel and make recommenda-tions for— (A) re-ordering the priority of such categories; and (B) adding additional categories of eligible in-dividuals; and (2) collect data on travelers who request but do not obtain available travel spaces under the space-available travel system. 
SEC. 346. SUPPLY OF SPECIALTY MOTORS FROM CERTAIN MANUFACTURERS. 
To ensure that an adequate, competitive sup-ply of custom designed motors is available to the Department of Defense, particularly to meet its replacement motor requirements for older equip-ment, and to protect small businesses that sup-ply such motors to the Department of Defense, the requirements of section 431.25 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations, shall not be en-forced against manufacturers of specialty mo-tors, whether characterized by the Department as special purpose or definite purpose motors, provided that such manufacturers qualify as small businesses and provided further that such manufacturers do not also manufacture general purpose motors and provided further that such manufacturers were in the business of manufac-turing such motors on June 1, 2016. SEC. 347. LIMITATION ON USE OF CERTAIN FUNDS UNTIL ESTABLISHMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF REQUIRED PROCESS BY WHICH MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES MAY CARRY AP-PROPRIATE FIREARMS ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for Operation and Maintenance, Defense-Wide, for the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, for fiscal year 2017, not more than 85 percent of such amounts may be obligated or ex-pended until the Secretary of Defense estab-lishes and implements the process by which members of the Armed Forces may carry an ap-propriate firearm on a military installation, as required by section 526 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114-92; 129 Stat. 813; 10 U.S.C. 2672 note). TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Active Forces 
SEC. 401. END STRENGTHS FOR ACTIVE FORCES. 
The Armed Forces are authorized strengths for active duty personnel as of September 30, 2017, as follows: (1) The Army, 480,000. (2) The Navy, 324,615. (3) The Marine Corps, 185,000. (4) The Air Force, 321,000. 
SEC. 402. REVISIONS IN PERMANENT ACTIVE DUTY END STRENGTH MINIMUM LEV-ELS. 
Section 691(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (4) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) For the Army, 480,000. ‘‘(2) For the Navy, 322,900. ‘‘(3) For the Marine Corps, 185,000. ‘‘(4) For the Air Force, 321,000.’’. Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
SEC. 411. END STRENGTHS FOR SELECTED RE-SERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Armed Forces are au-thorized strengths for Selected Reserve per-sonnel of the reserve components as of Sep-tember 30, 2017, as follows: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 350,000. (2) The Army Reserve, 205,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 58,000. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 38,500. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 105,700. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 69,000. (7) The Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. (b) E
NDSTRENGTH REDUCTIONS .—The end strengths prescribed by subsection (a) for the Se-lected Reserve of any reserve component shall be proportionately reduced by— (1) the total authorized strength of units orga-nized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component which are on active duty (other than for training) at the end of the fiscal year; and (2) the total number of individual members not in units organized to serve as units of the Se-lected Reserve of such component who are on active duty (other than for training or for un-satisfactory participation in training) without their consent at the end of the fiscal year. (c) E
NDSTRENGTH INCREASES .—Whenever units or individual members of the Selected Re-serve for any reserve component are released from active duty during any fiscal year, the end strength prescribed for such fiscal year for the Selected Reserve of such reserve component shall be increased proportionately by the total authorized strengths of such units and by the total number of such individual members. 
SEC. 412. END STRENGTHS FOR RESERVES ON AC-TIVE DUTY IN SUPPORT OF THE RE-SERVES. 
Within the end strengths prescribed in section 411(a), the reserve components of the Armed Forces are authorized, as of September 30, 2017, the following number of Reserves to be serving on full-time active duty or full-time duty, in the case of members of the National Guard, for the purpose of organizing, administering, recruiting, instructing, or training the reserve components: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 30,155. (2) The Army Reserve, 16,261. (3) The Navy Reserve, 9,955. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 2,261. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 14,764. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 2,955. SEC. 413. END STRENGTHS FOR MILITARY TECH-NICIANS (DUAL STATUS). 
The minimum number of military technicians (dual status) as of the last day of fiscal year 2017 for the reserve components of the Army and the Air Force (notwithstanding section 129 of title 10, United States Code) shall be the fol-lowing: (1) For the Army National Guard of the United States, 25,507. (2) For the Army Reserve, 7,570. (3) For the Air National Guard of the United States, 22,103. (4) For the Air Force Reserve, 10,061. 
SEC. 414. FISCAL YEAR 2017 LIMITATION ON NUM-BER OF NON-DUAL STATUS TECHNI-CIANS. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .— (1) N
ATIONAL GUARD .—Within the limitation provided in section 10217(c)(2) of title 10, United States Code, the number of non-dual status technicians employed by the National Guard as of September 30, 2017, may not exceed the fol-lowing: (A) For the Army National Guard of the United States, 1,600. (B) For the Air National Guard of the United States, 350. (2) A
RMY RESERVE .—The number of non-dual status technicians employed by the Army Re-serve as of September 30, 2017, may not exceed 420. (3) A
IR FORCE RESERVE .—The number of non- dual status technicians employed by the Air Force Reserve as of September 30, 2017, may not exceed 90. (b) N
ON-DUAL STATUS TECHNICIANS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘non-dual sta-tus technician’’ has the meaning given that term in section 10217(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 415. MAXIMUM NUMBER OF RESERVE PER-SONNEL AUTHORIZED TO BE ON AC-TIVE DUTY FOR OPERATIONAL SUP-PORT. 
During fiscal year 2017, the maximum number of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces who may be serving at any time on full-time operational support duty under sec-tion 115(b) of title 10, United States Code, is the following: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 17,000. (2) The Army Reserve, 13,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 6,200. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 3,000. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 16,000. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 14,000. 
SEC. 416. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON FULL-TIME SUPPORT FOR THE ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) an adequately supported, full-time support force consisting of active and reserve personnel and military technicians for the Army National Guard is essential to maintaining the readiness of the Army National Guard; (2) the full-time support force for the Army National Guard is the primary mechanism through which the programs of the Army and the Department of Defense are delivered to all 350,000 soldiers of the Army National Guard; (3) reductions in active and reserve personnel and military technicians since 2014, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2484 May 17, 2016 
totaling2401, have adversely impacted the readi-ness of the Army National Guard; (4) the growth in the full-time support force for the Army National Guard since 2014 is due solely to validated requirements originating be-fore September 11, 2001, and not war-time growth; (5) funding for the full-time support force for the Army National Guard has never exceeded 72 percent of the validated requirement of the headquarters of the Department of the Army; (6) the current size of the full-time support force for the Army National Guard is the min-imum required to maintain foundational readi-ness requirements; and (7) further reducing the size of the full-time support force for the Army National Guard will have adverse and long-lasting impacts on readi-ness. Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 421. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not other-wise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4401. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORIZATION .—The authorization of appropriations in subsection (a) supersedes any other authorization of appro-priations (definite or indefinite) for such pur-pose for fiscal year 2017. TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy 
SEC. 501. NUMBER OF MARINE CORPS GENERAL OFFICERS. 
(a) D ISTRIBUTION OF COMMISSIONED OFFICERS  
ONACTIVE DUTY IN GENERAL OFFICER AND FLAG O
FFICER GRADES .—Section 525(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘15’’ and inserting ‘‘17’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘23’’ and inserting ‘‘22’’. (b) G
ENERAL AND FLAGOFFICERS ON ACTIVE  D
UTY.—Section 526(a)(4) of such title is amend-ed by striking ‘‘61’’ and inserting ‘‘62’’. (c) D
EPUTY COMMANDANTS .—Section 5045 of such title is amended by striking ‘‘six’’ and in-serting ‘‘seven’’. 
SEC. 502. EQUAL CONSIDERATION OF OFFICERS FOR EARLY RETIREMENT OR DIS-CHARGE. 
Section 638a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) Convening selection boards under section 611(b) of this title to consider for early retire-ment or discharge regular officers on the active- duty list in a grade below lieutenant colonel or commander— ‘‘(A) who have served at least one year of ac-tive duty in the grade currently held; and ‘‘(B) whose names are not on a list of officers recommended for promotion.’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f); and (3) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e)(1) In the case of action under subsection (b)(4), the Secretary of the military department concerned shall specify the total number of offi-cers described in that subsection that a selection board convened under section 611(b) of this title pursuant to the authority of that subsection may recommend for early retirement or dis-charge. Officers who are eligible, or are within two years of becoming eligible, to be retired under any provision of law (other than by rea-son of eligibility pursuant to section 4403 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Public Law 102–484)), if selected by the board, shall be retired or retained until be-coming eligible to retire under sections 3911, 6323, or 8911 of this title, and those officers who are otherwise ineligible to retire under any pro-vision of law shall, if selected by the board, be discharged. ‘‘(2) In the case of action under subsection (b)(4), the Secretary of the military department concerned may submit to a selection board con-vened pursuant to that subsection— ‘‘(A) the names of all eligible officers described in that subsection, whether or not they are eligi-ble to be retired under any provision of law, in a particular grade and competitive category; or ‘‘(B) the names of all eligible officers described in that subsection in a particular grade and competitive category, whether or not they are el-igible to be retired under any provision of law, who are also in particular year groups, special-ties, or retirement categories, or any combina-tion thereof, with that competitive category. ‘‘(3) The number of officers specified under paragraph (1) may not be more than 30 percent of the number of officers considered. ‘‘(4) An officer who is recommended for dis-charge by a selection board convened pursuant to the authority of subsection (b)(4) and whose discharge is approved by the Secretary con-cerned shall be discharged on a date specified by the Secretary concerned. ‘‘(5) Selection of officers for discharge under this subsection shall be based on the needs of the service.’’. SEC. 503. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO DROP FROM ROLLS A COMMISSIONED OF-FICER. 
Section 1161(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary of De-fense, or in the case of a commissioned officer of the Coast Guard, the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating when it is not operating in the Navy,’’ after ‘‘President’’. Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management 
SEC. 511. EXTENSION OF REMOVAL OF RESTRIC-TIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF OFFI-CERS BETWEEN THE ACTIVE AND IN-ACTIVE NATIONAL GUARD. 
Section 512 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 752; 32 U.S.C. prec. 301 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (b) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 512. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TO USE AIR FORCE RESERVE COMPO-NENT PERSONNEL TO PROVIDE TRAINING AND INSTRUCTION RE-GARDING PILOT TRAINING. 
Section 514(a)(1) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 810) is amended by inserting ‘‘and fiscal year 2017’’ after ‘‘During fiscal year 2016’’. 
SEC. 513. LIMITATIONS ON ORDERING SELECTED RESERVE TO ACTIVE DUTY FOR PREPLANNED MISSIONS IN SUPPORT OF THE COMBATANT COMMANDS. 
Section 12304b(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘only’’ in the matter preceding subparagraph (A); (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2) In lieu of paragraph (1), units may be or-dered to active duty under this section if— ‘‘(A) the manpower and associated costs of such active duty has been identified by the Sec-retary concerned as an emerging requirement in the year of execution; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary concerned provides 30-day advance notification to the congressional de-fense committees that identifies the funds re-quired to support the order, a description of the mission for which the units will be ordered to active duty, and the anticipated length of time of the order of such units to active duty on an involuntary basis.’’. SEC. 514. EXEMPTION OF MILITARY TECHNICIANS (DUAL STATUS) FROM CIVILIAN EM-PLOYEE FURLOUGHS. 
Section 10216(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘reduc-tions’’ the following: ‘‘(including temporary re-ductions by furlough or otherwise)’’. Subtitle C—General Service Authorities 
SEC. 521. TECHNICAL CORRECTION TO ANNUAL AUTHORIZATION FOR PERSONNEL STRENGTHS. 
Section 115 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘502(f)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘502(f)(1)(B)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘502(f)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘502(f)(1)(B)’’; and (2) in subsection (i)(7), by striking ‘‘502(f)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘502(f)(1)(A)’’. 
SEC. 522. ENTITLEMENT TO LEAVE FOR ADOP-TION OF CHILD BY DUAL MILITARY COUPLES. 
Section 701(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘except as provided in paragraph (3),’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Defense,’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘only one such member shall be allowed leave under this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘one of the members shall be allowed up to 21 days of leave under this subsection and the other member shall be allowed up to 14 days of leave under this sub-section’’. 
SEC. 523. REVISION OF DEPLOYABILITY RATING SYSTEM AND PLANNING REFORM. 
(a) D EPLOYMENT PRIORITIZATION AND READI-
NESS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 1003 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 10102 the following new section: ‘‘§ 10102a. Deployment prioritization and readiness of army components ‘‘(a) D
EPLOYMENT PRIORITIZATION .—The Sec- retary of the Army shall maintain a system for identifying the priority of deployment for units of all components of the Army. ‘‘(b) D
EPLOYABILITY READINESS RATING .—The Secretary of the Army shall maintain a readi-ness rating system for units of all components of the Army that provides an accurate assessment of the deployability of a unit and those short-falls of a unit that require the provision of addi-tional resources. The system shall ensure— ‘‘(1) that the personnel readiness rating of a unit reflects— ‘‘(A) both the percentage of the overall per-sonnel requirement of the unit that is manned and deployable and the fill and deployability rate for critical occupational specialties nec-essary for the unit to carry out its basic mission requirements; and ‘‘(B) the number of personnel in the unit who are qualified in their primary military occupa-tional specialty; and ‘‘(2) that the equipment readiness assessment of a unit— ‘‘(A) documents all equipment required for de-ployment; ‘‘(B) reflects only that equipment that is di-rectly possessed by the unit; ‘‘(C) specifies the effect of substitute items; and ‘‘(D) assesses the effect of missing components and sets on the readiness of major equipment items.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 1003 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 10102 the following new item: ‘‘10102a. Deployment prioritization and readi-ness of Army components.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2485 May 17, 2016 
(b) R EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED PROVISIONS OF  L
AW.—Sections 1121 and 1135 of the Army Na-tional Guard Combat Readiness Reform Act of 1992 (title XI of Public Law 102-484; 10 U.S.C. 10105 note) are repealed. 
SEC. 524. EXPANSION OF AUTHORITY TO EXE-CUTE CERTAIN MILITARY INSTRU-MENTS. 
(a) E XPANSION OF AUTHORITY TO EXECUTE  M
ILITARY TESTAMENTARY INSTRUMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 1044d(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) the execution of the instrument is nota-rized by— ‘‘(A) a military legal assistance counsel; ‘‘(B) a person who is authorized to act as a notary under section 1044a of this title who— ‘‘(i) is not an attorney; and ‘‘(ii) is supervised by a military legal assist-ance counsel; or ‘‘(C) a State-licensed notary employed by a military department or the Coast Guard who is supervised by a military legal assistance coun-sel;’’. (2) C
LARIFICATION .—Paragraph (3) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘presiding attor-ney’’ and inserting ‘‘person notarizing the in-strument in accordance with paragraph (2)’’. (b) E
XPANSION OF AUTHORITY TO NOTARIZE  D
OCUMENTS TO CIVILIANS SERVING IN MILITARY  L
EGAL ASSISTANCE OFFICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 1044a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(6) All civilian paralegals serving at military legal assistance offices, supervised by a military legal assistance counsel (as defined in section 1044d(g) of this title).’’. 
SEC. 525. TECHNICAL CORRECTION TO VOL-UNTARY SEPARATION PAY AND BEN-EFITS. 
Section 1175a(j) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘12304, 12304a, or 12304b’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘502(f)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘502(f)(1)(A)’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘502(f)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘502(f)(1)(B)’’. 
SEC. 526. ANNUAL NOTICE TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES REGARDING CHILD CUSTODY PROTECTIONS GUARAN-TEED BY THE SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT. 
The Secretaries of each of the military depart-ments shall ensure that each member of the Armed Forces with dependents receives annu-ally, and prior to each deployment, notice of the child custody protections afforded to members of the Armed Forces under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.). 
SEC. 527. PILOT PROGRAM ON CONSOLIDATED ARMY RECRUITING. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Army shall carry out a pilot pro-gram to consolidate the recruiting efforts of the Regular Army, Army Reserve, and Army Na-tional Guard under which a recruiter in one of the components participating in the pilot pro-gram may recruit individuals to enlist in any of the components regardless of the funding source of the recruiting activity. Under the pilot pro-gram, the recruiter shall receive credit toward periodic enlistment goals for each enlistment re-gardless of the component in which the indi-vidual enlists. (2) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program for a period of not less than three years. (b) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NTERIM REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date on which the pilot program under subsection (a) commences, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program. (B) ELEMENTS .—The report under subpara-graph (A) shall include each of the following: (i) An analysis of the effects that consolidated recruiting efforts has on the overall ability of re-cruiters to attract and place qualified can-didates. (ii) A determination of the extent to which consolidating recruiting efforts affects efficiency and recruiting costs. (iii) An analysis of any challenges associated with a recruiter working to recruit individuals to enlist in a component in which the recruiter has not served. (iv) An analysis of the satisfaction of recruit-ers and the component recruiting commands with the pilot program. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the pilot program under subsection (a) is completed, the Secretary shall submit to the committees specified in paragraph (1)(A) a final report on the pilot program. Such final report shall include any recommendations of the Secretary with respect to extending or making permanent the pilot program and a de-scription of any related legislative actions that the Secretary considers appropriate. 
SEC. 528. REPORT ON PURPOSE AND UTILITY OF REGISTRATION SYSTEM UNDER MILI-TARY SELECTIVE SERVICE ACT. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than July 1, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a report on the current and future need for a centralized regisration system under the Mili-tary Selective Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.); and (2) provide a briefing on the results of the re-port. (b) E
LEMENTS OF REPORT .—The report re-quired by subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A detailed analysis of the current benefits dervied, both directly and indirectly, from the Military Selective Service System, including— (A) the extent to which mandatory registra-tion benefits military recruiting; (B) the extent to which a national registration capability serves as a deterrent to potential en-emies of the United States; and (C) the extent to which expanding registration to include women would impact these benefits. (2) An analysis of the funcitons currently per-formed by the Selective Service System that would be assumed by the Department of Defense in the absence of a national registration capa-bility. (3) An analysis of the systems, manpower, and facilities that would be needed by the Depart-ment to physically mobilize inductees in the ab-sence of the Selective Service System. (4) An analysis of the feasibility and utility of eliminating the current focus on mass mobiliza-tion of primarily combat troops in favor of a system that focuses on mobilization of all mili-tary occupational specialities, and the extent to which such a change would impact the need for both male and female inductees. (5) A detailed analysis of the Department’s personnel needs in the event of an emergency re-quiring mass mobilization, including— (A) a detailed timeline, along with the factors considered in arriving at this timeline, of when the Department would require— (i) the first inductees to report for service; (ii) the first 100,000 inductees to report for service; and (iii) the first medical personnel to report for service; and (B) an analysis of any additional critical skills that would be needed in the event of a na-tional emergency, and a timeline for when the Department would require the first inductees to report for service. (6) A list of the assumptions used by the De-partment when conducting its analysis in pre-paring the report. (c) COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than December 1, 2017, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a review of the procedures used by the Department of Defense in evaluating selective service requirements. 
SEC. 529. PARENTAL LEAVE FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) A DDITIONAL PARENTAL LEAVE AUTHOR -
ITY.— (1) A
VAILABILITY OF PARENTAL LEAVE .—Chap- ter 40 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 701 the following new section: ‘‘§ 701a. Parental leave ‘‘(a) L
EAVE AUTHORIZED .—A member of the armed forces who is performing active service may be allowed leave under this section for each instance in which the member becomes a parent as a result of the member’s spouse giving birth. ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT OF LEAVE.—Leave under this section shall be at least 14 days, under regula-tions prescribed under this section by the Sec-retary concerned. ‘‘(c) D
URATION OF AVAILABILITY OF LEAVE.— Leave under this section is lost as follows: ‘‘(1) If not used within one year of the date of the birth giving rise to the leave. ‘‘(2) If the member having the leave becomes entitled to leave under this section with respect to a different child. ‘‘(3) If not used before separation from active service. ‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER LEAVE AU-
THORITIES .—Leave under this section is in addi-tion to any other leave and may not be deducted or charged against other leave authorized by this chapter. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—This section shall be car-ried out under regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary concerned. Regulations prescribed under this section by the Secretaries of the military de-partments shall be as uniform as practicable and shall be subject to approval by the Sec-retary of Defense.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 40 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 701 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘701a. Parental leave.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (j) of section 701 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (b) A
DOPTIONS BY DUAL-SERVICE COUPLES .— Section 701(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (3) and insert-ing the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) In the event that two members of the armed forces who are married to each other adopt a child in a qualifying child adoption, the two members shall be allowed a total of at least 36 days of leave under this subsection, to be shared between the two members. The Secretary concerned shall permit the transfer of such leave between the two members to accommodate individual family circumstances.’’. (c) C
OVERAGE OF COMMISSIONED OFFICERS OF  
THEPUBLIC HEALTH SERVICE .—Section 221(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 213a(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(19) Section 701(i) and 701a, Adoption Leave and Parental Leave.’’. Subtitle D—Military Justice, Including Sex-ual Assault and Domestic Violence Preven-tion and Response 
SEC. 541. EXPEDITED REPORTING OF CHILD ABUSE AND NEGLECT TO STATE CHILD PROTECTIVE SERVICES. 
(a) R EPORTING BY MILITARY AND CIVILIAN  P
ERSONNEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2486 May 17, 2016 
Section 1787 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (a) and (b) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (2) by inserting before subsection (c), as so re-designated, the following new subsections: ‘‘(a) R
EPORTING BY MILITARY AND CIVILIAN  P
ERSONNEL .—A member of the armed forces, ci-vilian employee of the Department of Defense, or contractor employee working on a military installation who is mandated by Federal regula-tion or State law to report known or suspected instances of child abuse and neglect shall pro-vide the report directly to State Child Protective Services or another appropriate State agency in addition to the member’s or employee’s chain of command or any designated Department point of contact. ‘‘(b) T
RAINING FOR MANDATED REPORTERS .— The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that indi-viduals referred to in subsection (a) who are mandated by State law to report known or sus-pected instances of child abuse and neglect re-ceive appropriate training, in accordance with State guidelines, intended to improve their— ‘‘(1) ability to recognize evidence of child abuse and neglect; and ‘‘(2) understanding of the mandatory report-ing requirements imposed by law.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 1787 of title 10, United States Code, is further amended— (1) in subsection (c), as redesignated by sub-section (a)(1), by striking ‘‘I
NGENERAL .—’’ and inserting ‘‘R
EPORTING BY STATES .—’’; and (2) in subsection (d), as redesignated by sub-section (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘(d) D
EFINITION .—In this sec-tion, the term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The term ‘State’ includes the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, Guam, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa, the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Re-public of Palau.’’. 
SEC. 542. EXTENSION OF THE REQUIREMENT FOR ANNUAL REPORT REGARDING SEX-UAL ASSAULTS AND COORDINATION WITH RELEASE OF FAMILY ADVO-CACY REPORT. 
Section 1631 of the Ike Skelton National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4433; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘March 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 31, 2021’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) C
OORDINATION OF RELEASE DATE BE-
TWEEN ANNUAL REPORT REGARDING SEXUAL AS-
SAULTS AND FAMILY ADVOCACY REPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the report required under subsection (a) for a year is deliv-ered to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives simulta-neously with the Department of Defense Family Advocacy Report for that year required by sec-tion 543 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017.’’. 
SEC. 543. REQUIREMENT FOR ANNUAL FAMILY ADVOCACY PROGRAM REPORT RE-GARDING CHILD ABUSE AND DOMES-TIC VIOLENCE. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT ON CHILD ABUSE AND DO-
MESTIC VIOLENCE .—Not later than January 31, 2017, and annually thereafter through January 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the child abuse and domestic abuse incident data from the Department of Defense Family Advocacy Program central registry of child abuse and domestic abuse incidents for the pre-ceding calendar year. (b) CONTENTS .—The report shall contain each of the following: (1) The number of incidents reported during the year covered by the report involving— (A) spouse physical or sexual abuse; (B) intimate partner physical or sexual abuse; (C) child physical or sexual abuse; and (D) child or domestic abuse resulting in a fa-tality. (2) An analysis of the number of such inci-dents that met the criteria for substantiation. (3) An analysis of— (A) the types of abuse reported; (B) for cases involving children as the re-ported victims of the abuse, the ages of the abused children; and (C) other relevant characteristics of the re-ported victims. (4) An analysis of the military status, sex, and pay grade of the alleged perpetrator of the child or domestic abuse. (5) An analysis of the effectiveness of the Family Advocacy Program. (c) C
OORDINATION OF RELEASE DATEBETWEEN  A
NNUAL REPORT REGARDING SEXUAL ASSAULTS  
ANDFAMILY ADVOCACY PROGRAM REPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the sex-ual assault report required under section 1631 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is delivered to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate simultaneously with the re-port required under this section. 
SEC. 544. IMPROVED DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PREVENTION OF AND RESPONSE TO HAZING IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) A NTI-HAZING DATABASE .—The Secretary of Defense shall provide for the establishment and use of a comprehensive and consistent data-col-lection system for the collection of reports, in-cluding anonymous reports, of incidents of haz-ing involving a member of the Armed Forces. The Secretary shall issue department-wide guid-ance regarding the availability and use of the database, including information on protected classes, such as race and religion, who are often the victims of hazing. (b) I
MPROVED TRAINING .—The Secretary of each military department, in consultation with the Chief of Staff of each Armed Force under the jurisdiction of such Secretary, shall seek to improve training to assist members of the Armed Forces better recognize, prevent, and respond to hazing at all command levels. (c) A
NNUAL SURVEY .—The Secretary of each military department, in consultation with the Chief of Staff of each Armed Force under the ju-risdiction of such Secretary, shall conduct an annual survey among members of each Armed Force under the jurisdiction of such Secretary to determine the following: (1) The prevalence of hazing in the Armed Force. (2) The effectiveness of training provided members of the Armed Force to recognize and prevent hazing. (3) The extent to which members of the Armed Force report, including anonymously report, in-cidents of hazing. (d) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON HAZING .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Janu-ary 31 of each year through January 31, 2021, the Secretary of each military department, in consultation with the Chief of Staff of each Armed Force under the jurisdiction of such Sec-retary, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report containing a description of efforts during the previous year— (A) to prevent and to respond to incidents of hazing involving members of the Armed Forces; (B) to track and encourage reporting, includ-ing reporting anonymously, incidents of hazing in the Armed Force; and (C) to ensure the consistent implementation of anti-hazing policies. (2) A
DDITIONAL ELEMENTS .—Each report re-quired by this subsection also shall address the same elements originally addressed in the anti- hazing reports required by section 534 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1726). SEC. 545. BURDENS OF PROOF APPLICABLE TO IN-VESTIGATIONS AND REVIEWS RE-LATED TO PROTECTED COMMUNICA-TIONS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND PROHIBITED RETALIA-TORY ACTIONS. 
(a) B URDENS OF PROOF .—Section 1034 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (i) and (j) as subsections (j) and (k), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-lowing new subsection (i): ‘‘(i) B
URDENS OF PROOF .—The burdens of proof specified in section 1221(e) of title 5 shall apply in any investigation conducted by an In-spector General under subsection (c) or (d), any review performed by a board for the correction of military records under subsection (g), and any review conducted by the Secretary of De-fense under subsection (h).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to alle-gations pending or submitted under section 1034 of title 10, United States Code, on or after that date. 
SEC. 546. IMPROVED INVESTIGATION OF ALLEGA-TIONS OF PROFESSIONAL RETALIA-TION. 
Section 1034(c)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) The Secretary concerned shall ensure that any individual investigating an allegation as described in paragraph (1) must have train-ing in the definition and characteristics of retal-iation. In addition, if the investigation involves alleged retaliation in response to a communica-tion regarding a violation of a law or regulation prohibiting rape, sexual assault, or other sexual misconduct in violation of sections 920 through 920c of this title (articles 120 through 120c of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), the training shall include specific instruction regarding such violations.’’. Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, and Transition 
SEC. 561. REVISION TO QUALITY ASSURANCE OF CERTIFICATION PROGRAMS AND STANDARDS. 
Section 2015(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘is accredited by an accreditation body that’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting ‘‘meets one of the require-ments specified in paragraph (2).’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The requirements for a credentialing pro-gram specified in this paragraph are that the credentialing program— ‘‘(A) is accredited by a nationally-recognized third-party personnel certification program accreditor; ‘‘(B)(i) is sought or accepted by employers within the industry or sector involved as a rec-ognized, preferred, or required credential for re-cruitment, screening, hiring, retention, or ad-vancement purposes; and ‘‘(ii) where appropriate, is endorsed by a na-tionally-recognized trade association or organi-zation representing a significant part of the in-dustry or sector; ‘‘(C) grants licenses that are recognized by the Federal Government or a State government; or ‘‘(D) meets credential standards of a Federal agency.’’. 
SEC. 562. ESTABLISHMENT OF ROTC CYBER INSTI-TUTES AT SENIOR MILITARY COL-LEGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 103 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2487 May 17, 2016 
‘‘§ 2111c. Senior military colleges: ROTC cyber institutes ‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Defense may establish cyber institutes at each of the senior military colleges for the purpose of accelerating the development of foundational expertise in critical cyber operational skills for future military and civilian leaders of the armed forces and the Department of Defense, including such leaders of the reserve components. ‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each cyber institute estab-lished under this section shall include each of the following: ‘‘(1) Training for members of the program who possess cyber operational expertise from begin-ning through advanced skill levels, including in-struction and practical experiences that lead to cyber certifications recognized in the field. ‘‘(2) Training in targeted strategic foreign lan-guage proficiency designed to significantly en-hance critical cyber operational capabilities and tailored to current and anticipated readiness re-quirements. ‘‘(3) Training related to mathematical founda-tions of cryptography and cryptographic theory and practice designed to complement and rein-force cyber education along with the strategic language programs critical to cyber operations. ‘‘(4) Training designed to expand the pool of qualified cyber instructors necessary to support cyber education in regional school systems. ‘‘(c) P
ARTNERSHIPS WITHDEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE AND THE ARMED FORCES .—Any cyber in-stitute established under this section may enter into a partnership with any active or reserve component of the armed forces or any agency of the Department of Defense to facilitate the de-velopment of critical cyber skills. ‘‘(d) P
ARTNERSHIPS WITHOTHER SCHOOLS .— Any cyber institute established under this sec-tion may enter into a partnership with one or more local educational agencies to facilitate the development of critical cyber skills under the program among students attending the elemen-tary and secondary schools of such agencies who may pursue a military career. ‘‘(e) S
ENIOR MILITARY COLLEGES .—The senior military colleges are the senior military colleges in section 2111a(f) of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2111c. Senior military colleges: ROTC cyber in-stitutes.’’. 
SEC. 563. MILITARY-TO-MARINER TRANSITION. 
(a) R EPORT .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is operating shall jointly report to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on steps the De-partments of Defense and Homeland Security have taken or intend to take to— (1) maximize the extent to which United States armed forces service, training, and qualifica-tions are creditable toward meeting the laws and regulations governing United States mer-chant mariner license, certification, and docu-ment laws and the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers, 1978, including steps to enhance interdepartmental coordina-tion; and (2) to promote better awareness among armed forces personnel who serve in vessel operating positions of the requirements for post-service use of armed forces training, education, and prac-tical experience in satisfaction of requirements for merchant mariner credentials under section 11.213 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulation, and the need to document such service in a manner suitable for post-service use. (b) L
IST OF TRAINING PROGRAMS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include a list of Army, Navy, and Coast Guard training pro-grams open to Army, Navy, and Coast Guard vessel operators, respectively, that shows— (1) which programs have been approved for credit toward merchant mariner credentials; (2) which programs are under review for such approval; (3) which programs are not relevant to the training needed for merchant mariner creden-tials; and (4) which programs could become eligible for credit toward merchant mariner credentials with minor changes. SEC. 564. EMPLOYMENT AUTHORITY FOR CIVIL-IAN FACULTY AT CERTAIN MILITARY DEPARTMENT SCHOOLS. 
(a) A DDITION OF ARMYUNIVERSITY AND ADDI-
TIONAL FACULTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4021 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following new subsection: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY .—The Sec- retary of the Army may employ as many civil-ians as professors, instructors, lecturers, re-searchers, and administrative faculty at the Army War College, the United States Army Com-mand and General Staff College, and the Army University as the Secretary considers nec-essary.’’; and (B) by striking subsection (c). (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 4021. Army War College, United States Army Command and General Staff College, and Army University: civilian faculty mem-bers’’. (b) N
AVAL WARCOLLEGE AND MARINE CORPS U
NIVERSITY .—Section 7478 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following new subsection: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY .—The Sec- retary of the Navy may employ as many civil-ians as professors, instructors, lecturers, re-searchers, and administrative faculty at a school of the Naval War College or of the Ma-rine Corps University as the Secretary considers necessary.’’; and (2) by striking subsection (c). (c) A
IRUNIVERSITY .—Section 9021 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following new subsection: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY .—The Sec- retary of the Air Force may employ as many ci-vilians as professors, instructors, lecturers, re-searchers, and administrative faculty at a school of the Air University as the Secretary considers necessary.’’; and (2) by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 565. REVISION OF NAME ON MILITARY SERV-ICE RECORD TO REFLECT CHANGE IN NAME OF A MEMBER OF THE ARMY, NAVY, AIR FORCE, OR MARINE CORPS, AFTER SEPARATION FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EVISION REQUIRED .—Section 1551 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) S
ERVICE UNDER ASSUMED  N
AME.—’’ before ‘‘The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) E
FFECT OF CHANGE IN NAME.—The Sec- retary of the military department concerned shall reissue a certificate of discharge or an order of acceptance of resignation in the new name of any person who, after separation from an armed force under the jurisdiction of that Secretary, legally changes the person’s name to reflect the person’s gender identity.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading of section 1551 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1551. Correction of name after separation from service’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 79 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 1551 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘1551. Correction of name after separation from service.’’. SEC. 566. DIRECT EMPLOYMENT PILOT PROGRAM FOR MEMBERS OF THE NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a pilot program to en-hance the efforts of the Department of Defense to provide job placement assistance and related employment services directly to members in the National Guard and Reserves. (b) A
DMINISTRATION .—The pilot program shall be offered to, and administered by, the adju-tants general appointed under section 314 of title 32, United States Code. (c) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENT .—As a condi-tion on the provision of funds under this section to a State to support the operation of the pilot program in the State, the State must agree to contribute an amount, derived from non-Federal sources, equal to at least 30 percent of the funds provided by the Secretary of Defense under this section. (d) D
IRECT EMPLOYMENT PROGRAM MODEL .— The pilot program should follow a job placement program model that focuses on working one-on- one with a member of a reserve component to cost-effectively provide job placement services, including services such as identifying unem-ployed and under employed members, job match-ing services, resume editing, interview prepara-tion, and post-employment follow up. Develop-ment of the pilot program should be informed by State direct employment programs for members of the reserve components, such as the programs conducted in California and South Carolina. (e) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop outcome measurements to evaluate the success of the pilot program. (f) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Janu-ary 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a re-port describing the results of the pilot program. The Secretary shall prepare the report in coordi-nation with the Chief of the National Guard Bureau. (2) E
LEMENTS OF REPORT .—A report under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description and assessment of the effec-tiveness and achievements of the pilot program, including the number of members of the reserve components hired and the cost-per-placement of participating members. (B) An assessment of the impact of the pilot program and increased reserve component em-ployment levels on the readiness of members of the reserve components. (C) Any other matters considered appropriate by the Secretary. (g) D
URATION OF AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to carry out the pilot program expires September 30, 2019. (2) E
XTENSION .—Upon the expiration of the authority under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense may extend the pilot program for not more than two additional fiscal years. 
SEC. 567. PROHIBITION ON ESTABLISHMENT, MAINTENANCE, OR SUPPORT OF SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS’ TRAIN-ING CORPS UNITS AT EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS THAT DISPLAY CON-FEDERATE BATTLE FLAG. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Section 2102 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION RELATED TO DISPLAY OF  C
ONFEDERATE BATTLE FLAG.—(1) The Secretary of a military department may not establish, maintain, or support a unit of the program at any educational institution, including any sen-ior military college specified in section 2111a of this title, that displays, in a location other than in a museum exhibit, the Confederate battle flag. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2488 May 17, 2016 
‘‘(2)(A) Upon making a determination under paragraph (1) that an educational institution displays, in a location other than in a museum exhibit, the Confederate battle flag, the Sec-retary of the military department concerned shall terminate, in accordance with subpara-graph (B), any unit of the program at that edu-cational institution in existence as of the date of the determination. ‘‘(B) The termination of a unit of the program at an educational institution pursuant to this paragraph shall take effect on the date on which— ‘‘(i) each member of the program who, as of the date of the determination, is enrolled in the educational institution is no longer so enrolled; and ‘‘(ii) each student who, as of the date of the determination, is enrolled in the educational in-stitution but not yet a member of the program, is no longer so enrolled. ‘‘(3) Not later than January 31, 2017, and each January 31 thereafter through January 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report— ‘‘(A) identifying each unit of the program lo-cated at an educational institution that dis-plays, in a location other than in a museum ex-hibit, the Confederate battle flag; and ‘‘(B) describing the implementation of this subsection with respect to that educational in-stitution. ‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘Confederate battle flag’ means the battle flag of the Army of Northern Virginia, the battle flag of the Army of Tennessee, the battle flag of Forrest’s Cavalry Corps, the Second Confederate Navy Jack, the Second Confederate Navy Ensign, or other flag with a like design.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—(1) Section 2102(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by striking ‘‘The President’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (e), the President’’. (2) Section 2111a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in section 2102(e) of this title, the Secretary’’; and (B) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Except in the case of a senior miliary college at which a unit of the pro-gram is terminated pursuant to section 2102(e) of this title, the Secretary’’. (c) E
XCEPTION .—Section 2102 of title 10, United States Code, is further amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(f) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition under sub-section (e) shall not apply to an educational in-stitution if the board of visitors of such institu-tion has voted to take down the flag described in such subsection.’’. Subtitle F—Defense Dependents’ Education and Military Family Readiness Matters 
SEC. 571. CONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TO AS-SIST LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-CIES THAT BENEFIT DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TO SCHOOLS WITHSIGNIFICANT  N
UMBERS OF MILITARY DEPENDENT STUDENTS .— Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 by section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide ac-tivities as specified in the funding table in divi-sion D, $30,000,000 shall be available only for the purpose of providing assistance to local edu-cational agencies under subsection (a) of section 572 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 20 U.S.C. 7703b). (b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 8013(9) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713(9)). SEC. 572. SUPPORT FOR PROGRAMS PROVIDING CAMP EXPERIENCE FOR CHILDREN OF MILITARY FAMILIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may provide financial or non-monetary support to qualified nonprofit organizations in order to assist such organizations in carrying out pro-grams to support the attendance at a camp or camp-like setting of children of military families who have experienced the death of a family member or other loved one or who have another family member living with a substance use dis-order or post-traumatic stress disorder. (b) A
PPLICATION FOR SUPPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each organization seeking support pursuant to subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary an application therefor con-taining such information as the Secretary shall specify for purposes of this section. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the program for which support is being sought, including the location of the setting or settings under the program, the duration of such setting or setting, any local partners participating in or contributing to the program, and the ratio of counselors, trained volunteers, or both to children at such setting or settings. (B) An estimate of the number of children of military families to be supported using the sup-port sought. (C) A description of the type of activities that will be conducted using the support sought, in-cluding the manner in which activities are par-ticularly supportive to children of military fami-lies described in subsection (a). (D) A description of the outreach conducted or to be conducted by the organization to mili-tary families regarding the program. (c) P
REFERENCE IN APPROVAL OF APPLICA -
TIONS .—The Secretary shall accord a preference in the approval of applications submitted pursu-ant to subsection (b) to applications submitted by organizations that— (1) provide a traditional camp or camp-like environment setting that is hosted by an accred-ited service provider or facility; (2) offer activities in that setting that— (A) includes a continued care model; (B) is tailored to the needs of children and uses recognized best practices; (C) exhibits an adequate understanding and recognition of appropriate military culture and traditions; and (D) places a focus on peer-to-peer support and activities; (3) offers post-camp and continuing bereave-ment or addiction-prevention support, as appli-cable; (4) offer support services for children and fam-ilies; and (5) provides for evaluations of the camp expe-rience by children and their families after camp. (d) U
SE OF SUPPORT .—Support provided by the Secretary to an organization pursuant to subsection (a) shall be used by the organization to support attendance at a camp or camp-like setting of children of military families described in subsection (a). Subtitle G—Decorations and Awards 
SEC. 581. REVIEW REGARDING AWARD OF MEDAL OF HONOR TO CERTAIN ASIAN AMER-ICAN AND NATIVE AMERICAN PA-CIFIC ISLANDER WAR VETERANS. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Secretary of each military department shall review the service records of each Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander war veteran described in subsection (b) to determine whether that vet-eran should be awarded the Medal of Honor. (b) C
OVERED VETERANS .— The Asian Amer-ican and Native American Pacific Islander war veterans whose service records are to be re-viewed under subsection (a) are the following: (1) Any Asian American or Native American Pacific Islander war veteran who was awarded the Distinguished-Service Cross, the Navy Cross, or the Air Force Cross during the Korean War or the Vietnam War. (2) Any other Asian American or Native Amer-ican Pacific Islander war veteran whose name is submitted to the Secretary concerned for such purpose before the end of the one-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) CONSULTATIONS .—In carrying out the re-view under subsection (a), the Secretary of each military department shall consult with such vet-erans service organizations as the Secretary considers appropriate. (d) R
ECOMMENDATIONS BASED ON REVIEW .—If the Secretary concerned determines, based upon the review under subsection (a) of the service records of any Asian American or Native Amer-ican Pacific Islander war veteran, that the award of the Medal of Honor to that veteran is warranted, the Secretary shall submit to the President a recommendation that the President award the Medal of Honor to that veteran. (e) A
UTHORITY TO AWARD MEDAL OF  H
ONOR .—A Medal of Honor may be awarded to an Asian American or Native American Pacific Islander war veteran in accordance with a rec-ommendation of the Secretary concerned under subsection (d). (f) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—No Medal of Honor may be awarded pursuant to sub-section (e) until the Secretary of Defense sub-mits to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives notice of the recommendations under subsection (d), in-cluding the name of each Asian American or Native American Pacific Islander war veteran recommended to be awarded a Medal of Honor and the rationale for such recommendation. (g) W
AIVER OF TIMELIMITATIONS .—An award of the Medal of Honor may be made under sub-section (e) without regard to— (1) section 3744, 6248, or 8744 of title 10, United States Code, as applicable; and (2) any regulation or other administrative re-striction on— (A) the time for awarding the Medal of Honor; or (B) the awarding of the Medal of Honor for service for which a Distinguished-Service Cross, Navy Cross, or Air Force Cross has been award-ed. (h) D
EFINITION .—In this section the term ‘‘Na-tive American Pacific Islander’’ means a Native Hawaiian or Native American Pacific Islander, as those terms are defined in section 815 of the Native American Programs Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 2992c). 
SEC. 582. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF MED-ALS FOR ACTS OF VALOR. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Notwithstanding the time limitations specified in sections 3744, 6248, 8744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation with respect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the United States Armed Forces, the President may award a medal referred to in subsection (c) to a member or former member of the United States Armed Forces identified as warranting award of that medal pursuant to the review of valor award nominations for Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, Operation New Dawn, Operation Freedom’s Sentinel, and Operation Inherent Resolve that was directed by the Secretary of Defense on January 7, 2016. (b) A
WARD OF MEDAL OF HONOR .—If, pursu- ant to the review referred to in subsection (a), the President decides to award to a member or former member of the Armed Forces the Medal of Honor, the medal may only be awarded after the Secretary of Defense submits to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives a letter identifying the intended re-cipient of the Medal of Honor and the rationale for awarding the medal of honor to such in-tended recipient. (c) M
EDALS .—The medals referred to in this subsection are any of the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2489 May 17, 2016 
(1) The Medal of Honor under section 3741, 6241, or 8741 of title 10, United States Code; (2) The Distinguished-Service Cross under sec-tion 3742 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The Navy Cross under section 6242 of title 10, United States Code. (4) The Air Force Cross under section 8742 of title 10, United States Code. (5) The Silver Star under section 3746, 6244, or 8746 of title 10, United States Code. (d) T
ERMINATION .—No medal may be awarded under this section after December 31, 2019. 
SEC. 583. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF THE MEDAL OF HONOR TO GARY M. ROSE FOR ACTS OF VALOR DURING THE VIETNAM WAR. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Notwithstanding the time limitations specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limita-tion with respect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the President is authorized to award the Medal of Honor under section 3741 of such title to Gary M. Rose for the acts of valor described in subsection (b). (b) A
CTS OF VALOR DESCRIBED .—The acts of valor referred to in subsection (a) are the ac-tions of Gary M. Rose in Laos from September 11 through 14, 1970, during the Vietnam War while a member of the United States Army, Military Assistance Command Vietnam-Studies and Ob-servation Group (MACVSOG). 
SEC. 584. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF THE MEDAL OF HONOR TO CHARLES S. KETTLES FOR ACTS OF VALOR DUR-ING THE VIETNAM WAR. 
(a) W AIVER OF TIMELIMITATIONS .—Notwith- standing the time limitations specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation with respect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the President may award the Medal of Honor under section 3741 of such title to Charles S. Kettles for the acts of valor during the Vietnam War described in subsection (b). (b) A
CTS OF VALOR DESCRIBED .—The acts of valor referred to in subsection (a) are the ac-tions of Charles S. Kettles during combat oper-ations on May 15, 1967, while serving as Flight Commander, 176th Aviation Company, 14th Aviation Battalion, Task Force Oregon, Repub-lic of Vietnam, for which he was previously awarded the Distinguished-Service Cross. Subtitle H—Miscellaneous Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 591. BURIAL OF CREMATED REMAINS IN AR-LINGTON NATIONAL CEMETERY OF CERTAIN PERSONS WHOSE SERVICE IS DEEMED TO BE ACTIVE SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2410 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c)(1) The Secretary of the Army shall ensure that under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, the cremated remains of any per-son described in paragraph (2) are eligible for inurnment in Arlington National Cemetery with military honors in accordance with section 1491 of title 10. ‘‘(2) A person described in this paragraph is a person whose service has been determined to be active duty service pursuant to section 401 of the GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977 (Public Law 95–202; 38 U.S.C. 106 note) as of the date of the enactment of this paragraph.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to— (A) the remains of a person that are not for-mally interred or inurned as of the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) a person who dies on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) F
ORMALLY INTERRED OR INURNED DE -
FINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘formally interred or inurned’’ means interred or inurned in a cemetery, crypt, mausoleum, columbarium, niche, or other similar formal location. (c) REPORT ON CAPACITY OF ARLINGTON NA-
TIONAL CEMETERY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Com-mittees on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate a report on the interment and inurnment capacity of Arlington National Cemetery, including— (1) the estimated date that the Secretary de-termines the cemetery will reach maximum inter-ment and inurnment capacity; and (2) in light of the unique and iconic meaning of the cemetery to the United States, rec-ommendations for legislative actions and non-legislative options that the Secretary determines necessary to ensure that the maximum interment and inurnment capacity of the cemetery is not reached until well into the future, including such actions and options with respect to— (A) redefining eligibility criteria for interment and inurnment in the cemetery; and (B) considerations for additional expansion opportunities beyond the current boundaries of the cemetery. 
SEC. 592. REPRESENTATION FROM MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ON BOARDS, COUNCILS, AND COMMITTEES MAK-ING RECOMMENDATIONS RELATING TO MILITARY PERSONNEL ISSUES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 190. Representation on boards, councils, and committees making recommendations relating to military personnel issues ‘‘(a) R
EPRESENTATION REQUIRED .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, any board, council, or committee established under this chapter that is responsible for making any rec-ommendation relating to any military personnel issue affecting enlisted members of the armed forces shall include representation on the board, council, or committee from enlisted members of the armed forces or retired enlisted members of the armed forces. ‘‘(b) M
ILITARY PERSONNEL ISSUES .—For pur- poses of this section, military personnel issues include issues relating to health care, retirement benefits, pay, direct and indirect compensation, and entitlements for members of the armed forces.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘190. Representation on boards, councils, and committees making recommenda-tions relating to military per-sonnel issues.’’. 
SEC. 593. BODY MASS INDEX TEST. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Secretary of Defense shall review— (1) the current body mass index test procedure used by the Armed Forces; and (2) other methods to measure body fat with a more holistic health and wellness approach. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review under subsection (a) shall— (1) address nutrition counseling; (2) determine the best methods to be used by the Armed Forces to assess body fat percentages; and (3) improve the accuracy of body fat measure-ments. 
SEC. 594. PRESEPARATION COUNSELING REGARD-ING OPTIONS FOR DONATING BRAIN TISSUE AT TIME OF DEATH FOR RE-SEARCH. 
Section 1142(b)(11) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and information concerning options available to the member for registering at or following separation to donate brain tissue at time of the member’s death for re-search regarding traumatic brain injury and chronic traumatic encephalopathy’’. SEC. 595. RECOGNITION OF THE EXPANDED SERV-ICE OPPORTUNITIES AVAILABLE TO FEMALE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND THE LONG SERVICE OF WOMEN IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
Congress— (1) honors women who have served, and who are currently serving, as members of the Armed Forces; (2) commends female members of the Armed Forces who have sacrificed their lives in defense of the United States; (3) recognizes that female members of the Armed Forces are an integral and invaluable part of the Armed Forces; (4) urges the Secretary of Defense to ensure that female members of the Armed Forces receive adequate, well-fitted equipment in order to en-sure optimal safety and protection; (5) urges the Secretary of Defense to ensure that female members of the Armed Forces have access to adequate health services that fully ad-dress their specific medical needs; (6) encourages the Secretary of Defense to de-velop new initiatives focused on recruiting and retaining more women in the officer corps; and (7) recognizes that the United States must continue to encourage and support female mem-bers of the Armed Forces as they fight for and defend the United States. 
SEC. 596. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING PLIGHT OF MALE VICTIMS OF MILI-TARY SEXUAL TRAUMA. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the plight of male victims of military sexual trauma re-mains in the shadows due a lack of social awareness on the issue of male victimization. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense should— (1) enhance victims’ access to intensive med-ical and mental health treatment for military sexual trauma treatment; (2) look for opportunities to utilize male sur-vivors of sexual assault as presenters during an-nual Sexual Assault Preventions and Response training; and (3) ensure Department of Defense medical and mental health providers are adequately trained to meet the needs of male survivors of military sexual trauma. 
SEC. 597. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING SEC-TION 504 OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE, ON EXISTING AU-THORITY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TO ENLIST INDIVIDUALS, NOT OTHERWISE ELIGIBLE FOR EN-LISTMENT, WHOSE ENLISTMENT IS VITAL TO THE NATIONAL INTEREST. 
It is the sense of Congress that a statute cur-rently exists, specifically paragraph (2) of sec-tion 504(b) of title 10, United States Code, which states that ‘‘the Secretary concerned may au-thorize the enlistment of a person not described in paragraph (1) [of that section] if the Sec-retary determines that such enlistment is vital to the national interest’’. 
SEC. 598. PROTECTION OF SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHTS OF MILITARY FAMILIES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Protect Our Military Families’ 2nd Amendment Rights Act’’. (b) R
ESIDENCY OF SPOUSES OF MEMBERS OF  
THEARMED FORCES TO BEDETERMINED ON THE  S
AME BASIS AS THE RESIDENCY OF SUCHMEM-
BERS FOR PURPOSES OF FEDERAL FIREARMS  L
AWS.—Section 921(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) For purposes of this chapter: ‘‘(1) A member of the Armed Forces on active duty and the spouse of such a member are resi-dents of the State in which the permanent duty station of the member is located. ‘‘(2) The spouse of such a member may satisfy the identification document requirements of this chapter by presenting— ‘‘(A) the military identification card issued to the spouse; and ‘‘(B) the official Permanent Change of Station Orders annotating the spouse as being author-ized for collocation, or an official letter from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2490 May 17, 2016 
thecommanding officer of the member verifying that the member and the spouse are collocated at the permanent duty station of the member.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (b) shall apply to conduct engaged in after the 6-month period that begins with the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 599. PILOT PROGRAM ON ADVANCED TECH-NOLOGY FOR ALCOHOL ABUSE PRE-VENTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense, in consultation with the Sec-retaries of the military departments, shall estab-lish a pilot program to demonstrate the feasi-bility of using portable, disposable alcohol breathalyzers and a cloud based server platform to collect data and monitor the progress of alco-hol abuse prevention programs through the use of digital applications. (b) E
LEMENTS .—In carrying out the pilot pro-gram under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) select at least three locations at which to carry out the program, including at least one military service initial training location; (2) at each location selected under paragraph (1), include at least one active duty unit with no less than 300 personnel and one reserve unit with no less than 300 personnel; and (3) offer participation in the pilot program on a voluntary basis. (c) D
URATION .—The pilot program under sub-section (a) shall be operational for a minimum of 6 months and shall terminate not later than September 30, 2018. (d) R
EPORTS REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives— (1) not later than 120 days after the date of the implementation of the pilot program under subsection (a), a report on the implementation of the program; and (2) not later than one year after the date of the implementation of the program, a report on the program, including findings and rec-ommendations of the Secretary with respect to the benefits of using advanced technology as part of alcohol abuse prevention efforts within the military services. (e) F
UNDING .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) using amounts authorized to be appropriated for Alcohol Abuse Prevention Programs as specified in the funding tables in division D. TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances 
SEC. 601. ANNUAL ADJUSTMENT OF MONTHLY BASIC PAY. 
The adjustment in the rates of monthly basic pay required by subsection (a) of section 1009 of title 37, United States Code, to be made on Janu-ary 1, 2017, shall take effect, notwithstanding any determination made by the President under subsection (e) of such section with respect to an alternative pay adjustment to be made on such date. 
SEC. 602. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE TEMPORARY INCREASE IN RATES OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Section 403(b)(7)(E) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
SEC. 603. PROHIBITION ON PER DIEM ALLOW-ANCE REDUCTIONS BASED ON THE DURATION OF TEMPORARY DUTY AS-SIGNMENT OR CIVILIAN TRAVEL . 
(a) M EMBERS .—Section 474(d)(3) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Secretary of a military department shall not alter the amount of the per diem allowance, or the max-imum amount of reimbursement, for a locality based on the duration of the temporary duty as-signment in the locality of a member of the armed forces under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary.’’. (b) CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES .—Section 5702(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall not alter the amount of the per diem allowance, or the max-imum amount of reimbursement, for a locality based on the duration of the travel in the local-ity of an employee of the Department.’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF POLICY AND REGULATIONS .— The policy, and any regulations issued pursu-ant to such policy, implemented by the Sec-retary of Defense on November 1, 2014, with re-spect to reductions in per diem allowances based on duration of temporary duty assignment or ci-vilian travel shall have no force or effect. Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and Incentive Pays 
SEC. 611. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORI-TIES FOR RESERVE FORCES. 
The following sections of title 37, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’: (1) Section 308b(g), relating to Selected Re-serve reenlistment bonus. (2) Section 308c(i), relating to Selected Reserve affiliation or enlistment bonus. (3) Section 308d(c), relating to special pay for enlisted members assigned to certain high-pri-ority units. (4) Section 308g(f)(2), relating to Ready Re-serve enlistment bonus for persons without prior service. (5) Section 308h(e), relating to Ready Reserve enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service. (6) Section 308i(f), relating to Selected Reserve enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service. (7) Section 478a(e), relating to reimbursement of travel expenses for inactive-duty training outside of normal commuting distance. (8) Section 910(g), relating to income replace-ment payments for reserve component members experiencing extended and frequent mobilization for active duty service. 
SEC. 612. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORI-TIES FOR HEALTH CARE PROFES-SIONALS. 
(a) T ITLE10 A UTHORITIES .—The following sec-tions of title 10, United States Code, are amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’: (1) Section 2130a(a)(1), relating to nurse offi-cer candidate accession program. (2) Section 16302(d), relating to repayment of education loans for certain health professionals who serve in the Selected Reserve. (b) T
ITLE37 A UTHORITIES .—The following sec-tions of title 37, United States Code, are amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’: (1) Section 302c-1(f), relating to accession and retention bonuses for psychologists. (2) Section 302d(a)(1), relating to accession bonus for registered nurses. (3) Section 302e(a)(1), relating to incentive special pay for nurse anesthetists. (4) Section 302g(e), relating to special pay for Selected Reserve health professionals in criti-cally short wartime specialties. (5) Section 302h(a)(1), relating to accession bonus for dental officers. (6) Section 302j(a), relating to accession bonus for pharmacy officers. (7) Section 302k(f), relating to accession bonus for medical officers in critically short wartime specialties. (8) Section 302l(g), relating to accession bonus for dental specialist officers in critically short wartime specialties. 
SEC. 613. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF SPECIAL PAY AND BONUS AUTHORITIES FOR NU-CLEAR OFFICERS. 
The following sections of title 37, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’: (1) Section 312(f), relating to special pay for nuclear-qualified officers extending period of active service. (2) Section 312b(c), relating to nuclear career accession bonus. (3) Section 312c(d), relating to nuclear career annual incentive bonus. SEC. 614. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES RELATING TO TITLE 37 CONSOLI-DATED SPECIAL PAY, INCENTIVE PAY, AND BONUS AUTHORITIES. 
The following sections of title 37, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’: (1) Section 331(h), relating to general bonus authority for enlisted members. (2) Section 332(g), relating to general bonus authority for officers. (3) Section 333(i), relating to special bonus and incentive pay authorities for nuclear offi-cers. (4) Section 334(i), relating to special aviation incentive pay and bonus authorities for officers. (5) Section 335(k), relating to special bonus and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions. (6) Section 336(g), relating to contracting bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. (7) Section 351(h), relating to hazardous duty pay. (8) Section 352(g), relating to assignment pay or special duty pay. (9) Section 353(i), relating to skill incentive pay or proficiency bonus. (10) Section 355(h), relating to retention incen-tives for members qualified in critical military skills or assigned to high priority units. 
SEC. 615. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES RELATING TO PAYMENT OF OTHER TITLE 37 BONUSES AND SPECIAL PAYS. 
The following sections of title 37, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’: (1) Section 301b(a), relating to aviation officer retention bonus. (2) Section 307a(g), relating to assignment in-centive pay. (3) Section 308(g), relating to reenlistment bonus for active members. (4) Section 309(e), relating to enlistment bonus. (5) Section 316a(g), relating to incentive pay for members of precommissioning programs pur-suing foreign language proficiency. (6) Section 324(g), relating to accession bonus for new officers in critical skills. (7) Section 326(g), relating to incentive bonus for conversion to military occupational specialty to ease personnel shortage. (8) Section 327(h), relating to incentive bonus for transfer between Armed Forces. (9) Section 330(f), relating to accession bonus for officer candidates. 
SEC. 616. INCREASE IN MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF AVIATION SPECIAL PAYS FOR FLY-ING DUTY. 
Section 334(c)(1) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following new sub-paragraphs: ‘‘(A) aviation incentive pay under subsection (a) shall be paid at a monthly rate not to exceed $1,000 per month; and ‘‘(B) an aviation bonus under subsection (b) may not exceed $60,000 for each 12-month period of obligated service agreed to under subsection (d).’’. 
SEC. 617. CONFORMING AMENDMENT TO CON-SOLIDATION OF SPECIAL PAY, IN-CENTIVE PAY, AND BONUS AUTHORI-TIES. 
Section 332(c)(1)(B) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$12,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘$20,000’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2491 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 618. TECHNICAL AND CLERICAL AMEND-MENTS RELATING TO 2008 CONSOLI-DATION OF CERTAIN SPECIAL PAY AUTHORITIES. 
(a) F AMILY CAREPLANS.—Section 586 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 991 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘or 351’’ after ‘‘section 310’’. (b) D
EPENDENTS ’ M EDICAL CARE.—Section 1079(g)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or 351’’ after ‘‘section 310’’. (c) R
ETENTION ON ACTIVE DUTYDURING DIS-
ABILITY EVALUATION PROCESS .—Section 1218(d)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or 351’’ after ‘‘section 310’’. (d) S
TORAGE SPACE.—Section 362(1) of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2825 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘, or paragraph (1) or (3) of section 351(a),’’ after ‘‘section 310’’. (e) S
TUDENT ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS .—Sections 455(o)(3)(B) and 465(a)(2)(D) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(o)(3)(B), 1087ee(a)(2)(D)) are amended by inserting ‘‘or paragraph (1) or (3) of section 351(a).’’ after ‘‘section 310’’. (f) A
RMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME.—Sec- tion 1512(a)(3)(A) of the Armed Forces Retire-ment Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 412(a)(3)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or 351’’ after ‘‘section 310’’. (g) V
ETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS MEMBER -
SHIP.—Section 230103(3) of title 36, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or 351’’ after ‘‘section 310’’. (h) M
ILITARY PAY AND ALLOWANCES .—Title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 212(a), by inserting ‘‘, or para-graph (1) or (3) of section 351(a),’’ after ‘‘section 310’’; (2) in section 402a(b)(3)(B), by inserting ‘‘or 351’’ after ‘‘section 310’’; (3) in section 481a(a), by inserting ‘‘or 351’’ after ‘‘section 310’’; (4) in section 907(d)(1)(H), by inserting ‘‘or 351’’ after ‘‘section 310’’; and (5) in section 910(b)(2)(B), by inserting ‘‘, or paragraph (1) or (3) of section 351(a),’’ after ‘‘section 310’’. (i) E
XCLUSIONS FROMINCOME FOR PURPOSE OF  S
UPPLEMENTAL SECURITY INCOME .—Section 1612(b)(20) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1382a(b)(20)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, or para-graph (1) or (3) of section 351(a),’’ after ‘‘section 310’’. (j) E
XCLUSIONS FROMINCOME FOR PURPOSE OF  H
EADSTART PROGRAM .—Section 645(a)(3)(B)(i) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9840(a)(3)(B)(i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or 351’’ after ‘‘section 310’’. (k) E
XCLUSIONS FROM GROSS INCOME FOR  F
EDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES .—Section 112(c)(5)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘, or paragraph (1) or (3) of section 351(a),’’ after ‘‘section 310’’. 
SEC. 619. COMBAT-RELATED SPECIAL COMPENSA-TION COORDINATING AMENDMENT. 
Subparagraph (B) of section 1413a(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘the amount equal to’’ and all that follows through ‘‘creditable service multiplied’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘the amount equal to the retired pay multiplier determined for the member under section 1409 of this title multiplied’’. Subtitle C—Disability, Retired Pay, and Survivor Benefits 
SEC. 621. SEPARATION DETERMINATIONS FOR MEMBERS PARTICIPATING IN THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN. 
The amendment to be made by section 632(c)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 847) shall not take effect. SEC. 622. CONTINUATION PAY FOR FULL THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN MEMBERS WHO HAVE COMPLETED 8 TO 12 YEARS OF SERV-ICE. 
(a) C ONTINUATION PAY.—Section 356 of title 37, United States Code, which shall take effect on January 1, 2018, pursuant to section 635 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 851), is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ 12 years’’ and inserting ‘‘8 to 12 years’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) has completed not less than 8 and not more than 12 years of service in a uniformed service; and’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘an addi-tional 4 years’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than 3 additional years’’; (3) by amending subsection (b) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(b) P
AYMENT AMOUNT .—The Secretary con-cerned shall determine the payment amount under this section as a multiple of a full TSP member’s monthly basic pay but shall not be less than 2.5 times the member’s monthly basic pay. The maximum amount the Secretary concerned may pay the member under this section is— ‘‘(1) in the case of a member of a regular com-ponent or in a reserve component if the member is performing active Guard and Reserve duty (as defined in section 101(d)(6) of title 10), 13 times the amount of the monthly basic pay payable to the member for the month during which the agreement under subsection (a)(2) is entered into; and ‘‘(2) in the case of any member not covered by paragraph (1), 6 times the amount of monthly basic pay to which the member would be entitled for the month during which the agreement under subsection (a)(2) is entered into if the member were serving on active duty at the time the agreement is entered into.’’; and (4) by amending subsection (d) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(d) T
IMING OF PAYMENT .—The Secretary concerned shall pay continuation pay under subsection (a) to a full TSP member when the member has completed not less than 8 and not more than 12 years of service in a uniformed service.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The item relating to section 356 in the table of sections at the be-ginning of chapter 5 of title 37, United States Code, which shall take effect on January 1, 2018, pursuant to section 635 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 851), is amended by striking ‘‘12 years’’ and inserting ‘‘8 to 12 years’’. 
SEC. 623. SPECIAL SURVIVOR INDEMNITY ALLOW-ANCE. 
(a) P AYMENT AMOUNT PERFISCAL YEAR.— Paragraph (2)(I) of section 1450(m) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘fis-cal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018’’. (b) D
URATION .—Paragraph (6) of such section is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018’’. 
SEC. 624. EQUAL BENEFITS UNDER SURVIVOR BENEFIT PLAN FOR SURVIVORS OF RESERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS WHO DIE IN THE LINE OF DUTY DUR-ING INACTIVE-DUTY TRAINING. 
(a) T REATMENT OF INACTIVE -DUTY TRAINING  
INSAME MANNER AS ACTIVE DUTY.—Section 1451(c)(1)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in clause (i)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or 1448(f)’’ after ‘‘section 1448(d)’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or (iii)’’ after ‘‘clause (ii)’’; and (2) in clause (iii)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 1448(f) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1448(f)(1)(A) of this title by reason of the death of a member or former member not in line of duty’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘active service’’ and inserting ‘‘service’’. (b) CONSISTENT TREATMENT OF DEPENDENT  C
HILDREN .—Paragraph (2) of section 1448(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) D
EPENDENT CHILDREN ANNUITY .— ‘‘(A) A
NNUITY WHEN NO ELIGIBLE SURVIVING  
SPOUSE .—In the case of a person described in paragraph (1), the Secretary concerned shall pay an annuity under this subchapter to the de-pendent children of that person under section 1450(a)(2) of this title as applicable. ‘‘(B) O
PTIONAL ANNUITY WHEN THERE IS AN EL -
IGIBLE SURVIVING SPOUSE .—The Secretary may pay an annuity under this subchapter to the de-pendent children of a person described in para-graph (1) under section 1450(a)(3) of this title, if applicable, instead of paying an annuity to the surviving spouse under paragraph (1), if the Secretary concerned, in consultation with the surviving spouse, determines it appropriate to provide an annuity for the dependent children under this paragraph instead of an annuity for the surviving spouse under paragraph (1).’’. (c) D
EEMED ELECTIONS .—Section 1448(f) of title 10, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(5) D
EEMED ELECTION TO PROVIDE AN ANNU -
ITY FOR DEPENDENT .—Paragraph (6) of sub-section (d) shall apply in the case of a member described in paragraph (1) who dies after No-vember 23, 2003, when no other annuity is pay-able on behalf of the member under this sub-chapter.’’. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF SPECIAL SURVIVOR IN-
DEMNITY ALLOWANCE .—Section 1450(m)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by in-serting ‘‘or (f)’’ after ‘‘subsection (d)’’. (e) A
PPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS .— (1) P
AYMENT .—No annuity benefit under sub-chapter II of chapter 73 of title 10, United States Code, shall accrue to any person by reason of the amendments made by this section for any period before the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) E
LECTIONS .—For any death that occurred before the date of the enactment of this Act with respect to which an annuity under such sub-chapter is being paid (or could be paid) to a sur-viving spouse, the Secretary concerned may, within six months of that date and in consulta-tion with the surviving spouse, determine it ap-propriate to provide an annuity for the depend-ent children of the decedent under paragraph 1448(f)(2)(B) of title 10, as added by subsection (b)(1), instead of an annuity for the surviving spouse. Any such determination and resulting change in beneficiary shall be effective as of the first day of the first month following the date of the determination. 
SEC. 625. USE OF MEMBER’S CURRENT PAY GRADE AND YEARS OF SERVICE, RATHER THAN FINAL RETIREMENT PAY GRADE AND YEARS OF SERVICE, IN A DIVISION OF PROPERTY IN-VOLVING DISPOSABLE RETIRED PAY. 
(a) U SE OF CURRENT PAYGRADE REQUIRED .— Section 1408(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) by inserting after ‘‘member is enti-tled’’ the following: ‘‘(to be determined using the member’s pay grade and years of service at the time of the court order, rather than the member’s pay grade and years of service at the time of retirement, unless the same)’’. (b) A
PPLICATION OF AMENDMENT .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to any division of property as part of a final decree of divorce, dissolution, annul-ment, or legal separation involving a member of the Armed Forces to which section 1408 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2492 May 17, 2016 
title10, United States Code, applies that becomes final after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—Commissary and Non-appropriated Fund Instrumentality Benefits and Operations 
SEC. 631. PROTECTION AND ENHANCEMENT OF ACCESS TO AND SAVINGS AT COM-MISSARIES AND EXCHANGES. 
(a) O PTIMIZATION STRATEGY .—Section 2481(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following paragraph: ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary of Defense shall develop and implement a comprehensive strategy to opti-mize management practices across the defense commissary system and the exchange system that reduce reliance of those systems on appro-priated funding without reducing benefits to the patrons of those systems or the revenue gen-erated by nonappropriated fund entities or in-strumentalities of the Department of Defense for the morale, welfare, and recreation of members of the armed forces. ‘‘(B) The Secretary shall ensure that savings generated due to such optimization practices are shared by the defense commissary system and the exchange system through contracts or agree-ments that appropriately reflect the participa-tion of the systems in the development and im-plementation of such practices. ‘‘(C) If the Secretary determines that the re-duced reliance on appropriated funding pursu-ant to subparagraph (A) is insufficient to main-tain the benefits to the patrons of the defense commissary system, and if the Secretary con-verts the defense commissary system to a non-appropriated fund entity or instrumentality pursuant to paragraph (1) of section 2484(j) of this title, the Secretary shall transfer appro-priated funds pursuant to paragraph (2) of such section to ensure the maintenance of such bene-fits. ‘‘(4) On not less than a quarterly basis, the Secretary shall provide to the congressional de-fense committees a briefing on the defense com-missary system, including— ‘‘(A) an assessment of the savings the system provides patrons; ‘‘(B) the status of implementing section 2484(i) of this title; ‘‘(C) the status of implementing section 2484(j), including whether the system requires any appropriated funds pursuant to paragraph (2) of such section; ‘‘(D) the status of carrying out a program for such system to sell private label merchandise; and ‘‘(E) any other matters the Secretary considers appropriate.’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION TO SUPPLEMENT APPRO-
PRIATIONS THROUGH BUSINESS OPTIMIZATION .— Section 2483(c) of such title is amended by add-ing at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Such appropriated amounts may also be sup-plemented with additional funds derived from improved management practices implemented pursuant to sections 2481(c)(3) and 2487(c) of this title and the variable pricing program im-plemented pursuant to section 2484(i) of this title.’’. (c) V
ARIABLE PRICING PILOT PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 2484 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(i) V
ARIABLE PRICING PROGRAM .—(1) Not- withstanding subsection (e), and subject to sub-section (k), the Secretary may establish a vari-able pricing program pursuant to which prices may be established in response to market condi-tions and customer demand, in accordance with the requirements of this subsection. Notwith-standing the amount of the uniform surcharge assessed in subsection (d), the Secretary may provide for an alternative surcharge of not more than five percent of sales proceeds under such variable pricing program to be made available for the purposes specified in subsection (h). ‘‘(2) Subject to subsection (k), before estab-lishing a variable pricing program under this subsection, the Secretary shall establish the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Specific, measurable benchmarks for suc-cess in the provision of high quality grocery merchandise, discount savings to patrons, and levels of customer satisfaction while achieving savings for the Department of Defense. ‘‘(B) A baseline of overall savings to patrons achieved by commissary stores prior to the initi-ation of the variable pricing program, based on a comparison of prices charged by those stores on a regional basis with prices charged by rel-evant local competitors for a representative mar-ket basket of goods. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall ensure that the de-fense commissary system implements the vari-able pricing program by conducting price com-parisons using the methodology established for paragraph (2)(B) and adjusting pricing as nec-essary to ensure that pricing in the variable pricing program achieves overall savings to pa-trons that are consistent with the baseline sav-ings established for the relevant region pursuant to such paragraph. ‘‘(j) CONVERSION TO NONAPPROPRIATED FUND E
NTITY OR INSTRUMENTALITY .—(1) Subject to subsection (k), if the Secretary determines that the variable pricing program has met the bench-marks for success established pursuant to para-graph (2)(A) of subsection (i) and the savings re-quirements established pursuant to paragraph (3) of such subsection over a period of at least six months, the Secretary may convert the de-fense commissary system to a nonappropriated fund entity or instrumentality, with operating expenses financed in whole or in part by re-ceipts from the sale of products and the sale of services. Upon such conversion, appropriated funds shall be transferred to the defense com-missary system only in accordance with para-graph (2) or section 2491 of this title. The re-quirements of section 2483 shall not apply to the defense commissary system operating as a non-appropriated fund entity or instrumentality. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary determines that the de-fense commissary system operating as a non-appropriated fund entity or instrumentality is likely to incur a loss in any fiscal year as a re-sult of compliance with the savings requirement established in subsection (i), the Secretary shall authorize a transfer of appropriated funds available for such purpose to the commissary system in an amount sufficient to offset the an-ticipated loss. Any funds so transferred shall be considered to be nonappropriated funds for such purpose. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary of Defense may identify positions of employees in the defense com-missary system who are paid with appropriated funds whose status may be converted to the sta-tus of an employee of a nonappropriated fund entity or instrumentality. ‘‘(B) The status and conversion of employees in a position identified by the Secretary under subparagraph (A) shall be addressed as provided in section 2491(c) for employees in morale, wel-fare, and recreation programs, including with respect to requiring the consent of such em-ployee to be so converted. ‘‘(C) No individual who is an employee of the defense commissary system as of the date of the enactment of this subsection shall suffer any loss of or decrease in pay as a result of a con-version made under this paragraph. ‘‘(k) O
VERSIGHT REQUIRED TO ENSURE CONTIN -
UEDBENEFIT TO PATRONS .—(1) With respect to each action described in paragraph (2), the Sec-retary may not carry out such action until— ‘‘(A) the Secretary provides to the congres-sional defense committees a briefing on such ac-tion, including a justification for such action; and ‘‘(B) a period of 30 days has elapsed following such briefing. ‘‘(2) The actions described in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(A) Establishing the representative market basket of goods pursuant to subsection (i)(2)(B). ‘‘(B) Establishing the variable pricing pro-gram under subsection (i)(1). ‘‘(C) Converting the defense commissary sys-tem to a nonappropriated fund entity or instru-mentality under subsection (j)(1).’’. (d) ESTABLISHMENT OF COMMON BUSINESS  P
RACTICES .—Section 2487 of such title is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) C
OMMON BUSINESS PRACTICES .—(1) Not- withstanding subsections (a) and (b), the Sec-retary of Defense may establish common busi-ness processes, practices, and systems— ‘‘(A) to exploit synergies between the defense commissary system and the exchange system; and ‘‘(B) to optimize the operations of the defense retail systems as a whole and the benefits pro-vided by the commissaries and exchanges. ‘‘(2) The Secretary may authorize the defense commissary system and the exchange system to enter into contracts or other agreements— ‘‘(A) for products and services that are shared by the defense commissary system and the ex-change system; and ‘‘(B) for the acquisition of supplies, resale goods, and services on behalf of both the defense commissary system and the exchange system. ‘‘(3) For the purpose of a contract or agree-ment authorized under paragraph (2), the Sec-retary may— ‘‘(A) use funds appropriated pursuant to sec-tion 2483 of this title to reimburse a non-appropriated fund entity or instrumentality for the portion of the cost of a contract or agree-ment entered by the nonappropriated fund enti-ty or instrumentality that is attributable to the defense commissary system; and ‘‘(B) authorize the defense commissary system to accept reimbursement from a nonappropriated fund entity or instrumentality for the portion of the cost of a contract or agreement entered by the defense commissary system that is attrib-utable to the nonappropriated fund entity or in-strumentality.’’. (e) A
UTHORITY FOR EXPERT COMMERCIAL AD-
VICE.—Section 2485 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) E
XPERT COMMERCIAL ADVICE .—The Sec- retary of Defense may enter into a contract with an entity to obtain expert commercial advice, commercial assistance, or other similar services not otherwise carried out by the Defense Com-missary Agency, to implement section 2481(c), subsections (i) and (j) of section 2484, and sec-tion 2487(c) of this title.’’. (f) C
LARIFICATION OF REFERENCES TO ‘‘THE E
XCHANGE SYSTEM ’’.—Section 2481(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Any reference in this chapter to ‘the exchange system’ shall be treated as referring to each separate administra-tive entity within the Department of Defense through which the Secretary of Defense has im-plemented the requirement under this subsection for a world-wide system of exchange stores.’’. (g) O
PERATION OF DEFENSE COMMISSARY SYS-
TEM AS A NONAPPROPRIATED FUNDENTITY .—In the event that the defense commissary system is converted to a nonappropriated fund entity or instrumentality as authorized by section 2484(j)(1) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (c) of this section, the Sec-retary may— (1) provide for the transfer of commissary as-sets, including inventory and available funds, to the nonappropriated fund entity or instrumen-tality; and (2) ensure that revenues accruing to the de-fense commissary system are appropriately cred-ited to the nonappropriated fund entity or in-strumentality. (h) C
ONFORMING CHANGE .—Section 2643(b) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2493 May 17, 2016 
appropriatedfunds may be supplemented with additional funds derived from improved manage-ment practices implemented pursuant to sections 2481(c)(3) and 2487(c) of this title.’’. Subtitle E—Travel and Transportation Allowances and Other Matters 
SEC. 641. MAXIMUM REIMBURSEMENT AMOUNT FOR TRAVEL EXPENSES OF MEM-BERS OF THE RESERVES ATTENDING INACTIVE DUTY TRAINING OUTSIDE OF NORMAL COMMUTING DIS-TANCES. 
Section 478a(c) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The amount’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) Except as provided by para-graph (2), the amount’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The Secretary concerned may authorize, on a case-by-case basis, a higher reimbursement amount for a member under subsection (a) when the member— ‘‘(A) resides— ‘‘(i) in the same State as the training location; and ‘‘(ii) outside of an urbanized area with a pop-ulation of 50,000 or more, as determined by the Bureau of the Census; and ‘‘(B) is required to commute to a training loca-tion— ‘‘(i) using an aircraft or boat on account of limited or nonexistent vehicular routes to the training location or other geographical chal-lenges; or ‘‘(ii) from a permanent residence located more than 75 miles from the training location.’’. 
SEC. 642. STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS ON DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE RECOVERY OF AMOUNTS OWED TO THE UNITED STATES BY MEMBERS OF THE UNI-FORMED SERVICES, INCLUDING RE-TIRED AND FORMER MEMBERS. 
Section 1007(c)(3) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraphs: ‘‘(C)(i) In accordance with clause (ii), if the indebtedness of a member of the uniformed serv-ices to the United States occurs, through no fault of the member, as a result of the overpay-ment of pay or allowances to the member or upon the settlement of the member’s accounts, the Secretary concerned may not recover the in-debtedness from the member, including a retired or former member, using deductions from the pay of the member, deductions from retired or separation pay, or any other collection method unless recovery of the indebtedness commences before the end of the 10-year period beginning on the date on which the indebtedness was in-curred. ‘‘(ii) Clause (i) applies with respect to cases of indebtedness that incur on or after October 1, 2027. ‘‘(D)(i) Not later than January 1 of each of years 2017 through 2027, the Director of the De-fense Finance and Accounting Service shall re-view all cases occurring during the 10-year pe-riod prior to the date of the review of indebted-ness of a member of the uniformed services, in-cluding a retired or former member, to the United States in which— ‘‘(I) the recovery of the indebtedness com-menced after the end of the 10-year period be-ginning on the date on which the indebtedness was incurred; or ‘‘(II) the Director did not otherwise notify the member of such indebtedness during such 10- year period. ‘‘(ii) The Director shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees and the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate each review conducted under clause (i), including the amounts owed to the United States by the members included in such review.’’. TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Reform of TRICARE and Military Health System SEC. 701. TRICARE PREFERRED AND OTHER TRICARE REFORM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) TRICARE 
PREFERRED .—Chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1074n the following new section: ‘‘§ 1075. TRICARE Preferred ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—(1) Not later than Jan-uary 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall es-tablish a self-managed, preferred-provider net-work option under the TRICARE program. Such option shall be known as ‘TRICARE Preferred’. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall establish TRICARE Preferred in all areas. Under TRICARE Pre-ferred, eligible beneficiaries will not have re-strictions on the freedom of choice of the bene-ficiary with respect to health care providers. ‘‘(b) E
NROLLMENT ELIGIBILITY .—(1) The bene-ficiary categories for purposes of eligibility to enroll in TRICARE Preferred and cost sharing requirements applicable to such category are as follows: ‘‘(A) An ‘active-duty family member’ category that consists of beneficiaries who are covered by section 1079 of this title (as dependents of active duty members). ‘‘(B) A ‘retired’ category that consists of bene-ficiaries covered by subsection (c) of section 1086 of this title, other than Medicare-eligible bene-ficiaries described in subsection (d)(2) of such section. ‘‘(C) A ‘reserve and young adult’ category that consists of beneficiaries who are covered by— ‘‘(i) section 1076d of this title; ‘‘(ii) section 1076e; or ‘‘(iii) section 1110b. ‘‘(2) A covered beneficiary who elects to par-ticipate in TRICARE Preferred shall enroll in such option under section 1099 of this title. ‘‘(c) COST-SHARING REQUIREMENTS .—The cost sharing requirements under TRICARE Preferred are as follows: ‘‘(1) With respect to beneficiaries in the ac-tive-duty family member category or the retired category by reason of being a member or former member of the uniformed services who originally enlists or is appointed in the uniformed services on or after January 1, 2018, or by reason of being a dependent of such a member, the cost sharing requirements shall be calculated pursu-ant to subsection (d)(1). ‘‘(2)(A) Except as provided by subsection (e), with respect to beneficiaries described in sub-paragraph (B) in the active-duty family member category or the retired category, the cost shar-ing requirements shall be calculated as if the beneficiary were enrolled in TRICARE Extra or TRICARE Standard as if TRICARE Extra or TRICARE Standard, as the case may be, were still being carried out by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) Beneficiaries described in this subpara-graph are beneficiaries who are eligible to enroll in the TRICARE program by reason of being a member or former member of the uniformed serv-ices who originally enlists or is appointed in the uniformed services before January 1, 2018, or by reason of being a dependent of such a member. ‘‘(3) With respect to beneficiaries in the re-serve and young adult category, the cost shar-ing requirements shall be calculated pursuant to subsection (d)(1) as if the beneficiary were in the active-duty family member category or the retired category, as applicable, except that the premiums calculated pursuant to sections 1076d, 1076e, or 1110b of this title, as the case may be, shall apply instead of any enrollment fee re-quired under this section. ‘‘(d) C
OST-SHARING AMOUNTS FOR CERTAIN  B
ENEFICIARIES .—(1) Beneficiaries described in subsection (c)(1) enrolled in TRICARE Preferred shall be subject to cost-sharing requirements in accordance with the amounts and percentages under the following table during calendar year 2018 and as such amounts are adjusted under paragraph (2) for subsequent years: 
‘‘TRICARE Preferred Active-Duty Family Member (Individual/Family) Retired (Individual/Family) 
Annual Enrollment $300 / $600 $425 / $850 
Annual deductible $0 $0 
Annual catastrophic cap $1,000 $3,000 
Outpatient visit civilian network $15 primary care $25 primary care 
$25 specialty care $40 specialty care 
Out of network: 20% 25% of out of net-work 
ER visit civilian network $40 network $60 network 
20% out of network 
Urgent care civilian network $20 network $40 network 
20% out of network 25% out of network 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2494 May 17, 2016 
‘‘TRICARE Preferred Active-Duty Family Member (Individual/Family) Retired (Individual/Family) 
Ambulatory surgery civilian network $40 network $80 network 
20% out of network 25% out of network 
Ambulance civilian network $15 $25 
Durable medical equipment civilian network 10% 20% 
Inpatient visit civilian network $60 per network ad-mission $125 per admission network 
20% out of network 25% out of net work 
Inpatient skilled nursing/rehab civilian $20 per day network $50 per day network 
$50 per day out of network $300 per day or 20% of billed charges out of network 
‘‘(2) Each dollar amount expressed as a fixed dollar amount in the table set forth in para-graph (1), and the amounts determined under subsection (e), shall be annually indexed to the amount by which retired pay is increased under section 1401a of this title, rounded to the next lower multiple of $1. The remaining amount above such multiple of $1 shall be carried over to, and accumulated with, the amount of the in-crease for the subsequent year or years and made when the aggregate amount of increases carried over under this clause for a year is $1 or more. ‘‘(3) Enrollment fees, deductible amounts, and catastrophic caps under this section are on a calendar-year basis. ‘‘(e) E
XCEPTIONS TO CERTAIN COST-SHARING  A
MOUNTS FOR CERTAIN BENEFICIARIES ELIGIBLE  P
RIOR TO 2018.—(1) Subject to paragraph (3), and in accordance with subsection (d)(2), the Secretary shall establish an annual enrollment fee for beneficiaries described in subsection (c)(2)(B) in the retired category who enroll in TRICARE Preferred (other than such bene-ficiaries covered by paragraph (2)). Such enroll-ment fee shall be $100 for an individual and $200 for a family. ‘‘(2) The enrollment fee established pursuant to paragraph (1) for beneficiaries described in subsection (c)(2)(B) in the retired category shall not apply with respect to the following bene-ficiaries: ‘‘(A) Retired members and the family members of such members covered by paragraph (1) of section 1086(c) of this title by reason of being re-tired under chapter 61 of this title or being a de-pendent of such a member. ‘‘(B) Survivors covered by paragraph (2) of such section 1086(c). ‘‘(3) The Secretary may not establish an an-nual enrollment fee under paragraph (1) until 90 days has elapsed following the date on which the Comptroller General of the United States is required to submit the review under paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) Not later than February 1, 2020, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a review of the following: ‘‘(A) Whether health care coverage for covered beneficiaries has changed since the enactment of this section. ‘‘(B) Whether covered beneficiaries are able to obtain appointments for health care according to the access standards established by the Sec-retary of Defense. ‘‘(C) The percent of network providers that accept new patients under the TRICARE pro-gram. ‘‘(D) The satisfaction of beneficiaries under TRICARE Preferred. ‘‘(f) P
UBLICATION OF MEASURES .—As part of the administration of TRICARE Prime and TRICARE Preferred, the Secretary shall publish on a publically available Internet website of the Department of Defense data on all measures re-quired by section 711 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. The published measures shall be updated not less frequently than quarterly. ‘‘(g) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as affecting the availability of TRICARE Prime and TRICARE for Life. ‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, terms ‘ac-tive-duty family member category’, ‘retired cat-egory’, and ‘reserve and young adult category’ mean the respective categories of TRICARE Pre-ferred enrollment described in subsection (b).’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1074n, the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘1075. TRICARE Preferred.’’. (b) TRICARE P
RIME COSTSHARING .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 1075, as added by subsection (a), the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘§ 1075a. TRICARE Prime: cost sharing ‘‘(a) C
OST-SHARING REQUIREMENTS .—The cost sharing requirements under TRICARE Prime are as follows: ‘‘(1) There are no cost-sharing requirements for beneficiaries who are covered by section 1074(a) of this title. ‘‘(2) With respect to beneficiaries in the ac-tive-duty family member category or the retired category (as described in section 1075(b)(1) of this title) by reason of being a member or former member of the uniformed services who originally enlists or is appointed in the uniformed services on or after January 1, 2018, or by reason of being a dependent of such a member, the cost- sharing requirements shall be calculated pursu-ant to subsection (b)(1). ‘‘(3)(A) With respect to beneficiaries described in subparagraph (B) in the active-duty family member category or the retired category (as de-scribed in section 1075(b)(1) of this title), the cost-sharing requirements shall be calculated in accordance with the other provisions of this chapter without regard to subsection (b). ‘‘(B) Beneficiaries described in this subpara-graph are beneficiaries who are eligible to enroll in the TRICARE program by reason of being a member or former member of the uniformed serv-ices who originally enlists or is appointed in the uniformed services before January 1, 2018, or by reason of being a dependent of such a member. ‘‘(b) C
OST-SHARING AMOUNTS .—(1) Bene-ficiaries described in subsection (a)(2) enrolled in TRICARE Prime shall be subject to cost-shar-ing requirements in accordance with the amounts and percentages under the following table during calendar year 2018 and as such amounts are adjusted under paragraph (2) for subsequent years: 
‘‘TRICARE Prime Active-Duty Family Member (Individual/Family) Retired (Individual/Family) 
Annual Enrollment $180 / $360 $325 / $650 
Annual deductible No1 No1 
Annual cata-strophic cap $1,000 $3,000 per family 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2495 May 17, 2016 
‘‘TRICARE Prime Active-Duty Family Member (Individual/Family) Retired (Individual/Family) 
Outpatient visit ci-vilian network $0 with authoriza-tion $20 primary care 
$30 specialty care 
ER visit civilian network $0 $50 network 
Urgent care civil-ian network $0 $30 network 
Ambulatory sur-gery civilian net-work $0 with authoriza-tion $60 network with authorization 
Ambulance civilian network $0 $20 
Durable medical equipment civil-ian network $0 with authoriza-tion 20% 
Inpatient visit ci-vilian network $0 with authoriza-tion $100 network per ad-mission with au-thorization 
Inpatient skilled nursing/rehab ci-vilian $0 with authoriza-tion $30 per day network with authorization 
1: Deductibles and cost-sharing does apply to TRICARE Prime beneficiaries that seek care in the civilian network care through the point-of-service option (without a referral). Annual deductible is $300 individual and $600 family. Cost-sharing for covered inpa-tient and outpatient services are 50% of the TRICARE allowable charges. 
‘‘(2) Each dollar amount expressed as a fixed dollar amount in the table set forth in para-graph (1) shall be annually indexed to the amount by which retired pay is increased under section 1401a of this title, rounded to the next lower multiple of $1. The remaining amount above such multiple of $1 shall be carried over to, and accumulated with, the amount of the in-crease for the subsequent year or years and made when the aggregate amount of increases carried over under this clause for a year is $1 or more. ‘‘(3) Enrollment fees, deductible amounts, and catastrophic caps under this section are on a calendar-year basis.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1075, as added by subsection (a), the following new item: ‘‘1075a. TRICARE Prime: cost sharing.’’. (c) P
ORTABILITY .—Section 1073 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) P
ORTABILITY IN PROGRAM .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall ensure that the enroll-ment status of covered beneficiaries is portable between or among TRICARE program regions of the United States and that effective procedures are in place for automatic electronic transfer of information between or among contractors re-sponsible for administration in such regions and prompt communication with such beneficiaries. Each covered beneficiary enrolled in TRICARE Prime who has relocated the beneficiary’s pri-mary residence to a new area in which enroll-ment in TRICARE Prime is available shall be able to obtain a new primary health care man-ager or provider within 10 days of the relocation and associated request for such manager or pro-vider.’’. (d) TERMINATION OF TRICARE S TANDARD AND  TRICARE E
XTRA .—Beginning on January 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense may not carry out TRICARE Standard and TRICARE Extra under the TRICARE program. The Secretary shall en-sure that any individual who is covered under TRICARE Standard or TRICARE Extra as of December 31, 2017, enrolls in TRICARE Prime, TRICARE Preferred, or TRICARE for Life, as the case may be, as of January 1, 2018, for the individual to continue coverage under the TRICARE program. (e) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than June 1, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate an implementa-tion plan to improve access to health care for TRICARE beneficiaries pursuant to the amend-ments made by this section. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan under paragraph (1) shall— (A) ensure that at least 85 percent of the bene-ficiary population under TRICARE Preferred is covered by the network by January 1, 2018; (B) establish access standards for appoint-ments for health care; (C) establish mechanisms for monitoring com-pliance with access standards; (D) establish health care provider-to-bene-ficiary ratios; (E) monitor on a monthly basis complaints by beneficiaries with respect to network adequacy and the availability of health care providers; (F) establish requirements for mechanisms to monitor the responses to complaints by bene-ficiaries; (G) mechanisms to evaluate the quality metrics of the network providers established under section 711; (H) any recommendations for legislative ac-tion the Secretary determines necessary to carry out the plan; and (I) any other elements the Secretary deter-mines appropriate. (f) GAO REVIEWS .— (1) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN .—Not later than December 1, 2017, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a review of the implementation plan of the Secretary under paragraph (1) of subsection (e), including an assessment of the adequacy of the plan in meeting the elements specified in paragraph (2) of such subsection. (2) N
ETWORK .—Not later than September 1, 2017, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a review of the network established under TRICARE Extra, in-cluding the following: (A) An identification of the percent of bene-ficiaries who are covered by the network. (B) An assessment of the extent to which beneficiaries are able to obtain appointments under TRICARE extra. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2496 May 17, 2016 
(C) The percent of network providers under TRICARE Extra that accept new patients under the TRICARE program. (D) An assessment of the satisfaction of bene-ficiaries under TRICARE Extra. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The terms ‘‘uniformed services’’, ‘‘covered beneficiary’’, ‘‘TRICARE Extra’’, ‘‘TRICARE for Life’’, ‘‘TRICARE Prime’’, and ‘‘TRICARE Standard’’ have the meaning given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (h). (2) The term ‘‘TRICARE Preferred’’ means the self-managed, preferred-provider network option under the TRICARE program established by sec-tion 1075 of such title, as added by subsection (a). (h) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (A) Section 1072 is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (7) and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) The term ‘TRICARE program’ means the various programs carried out by the Secretary of Defense under this chapter and any other provi-sion of law providing for the furnishing of med-ical and dental care and health benefits to mem-bers and former members of the uniformed serv-ices and their dependents, including the fol-lowing health plan options: ‘‘(A) TRICARE Prime. ‘‘(B) TRICARE Preferred. ‘‘(C) TRICARE for Life.’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(11) The term ‘TRICARE Extra’ means the preferred provider option of the TRICARE pro-gram made available prior to January 1, 2018, under which TRICARE Standard beneficiaries may obtain discounts on cost-sharing as a result of using TRICARE network providers. ‘‘(12) The term ‘TRICARE Preferred’ the self- managed, preferred-provider network option under the TRICARE program established by sec-tion 1075 of this title. ‘‘(13) The term ‘TRICARE for Life’ means the Medicare wraparound coverage option of the TRICARE program made available to the bene-ficiary by reason of section 1086(d) of this title. ‘‘(14) The term ‘TRICARE Prime’ means the managed care option of the TRICARE program. ‘‘(15) The term ‘TRICARE Standard’ means the TRICARE program made available prior to January 1, 2018, covering— ‘‘(A) medical care to which a dependent de-scribed in section 1076(a)(2) of this title is enti-tled; and ‘‘(B) health benefits contracted for under the authority of section 1079(a) of this title and sub-ject to the same rates and conditions as apply to persons covered under that section.’’. (B) Section 1076d is amended— (i) in subsection (d)(1), by inserting after ‘‘coverage.’’ the following: ‘‘Such premium shall apply instead of any enrollment fees required under section 1075 of this section.’’; and (ii) in subsection (f), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The term ‘TRICARE Reserve Select’ means the TRICARE Preferred self-managed, preferred-provider network option under section 1075 made available to beneficiaries by reason of this section and in accordance with subsection (d)(1).’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘TRICARE Standard’’ each place it appears (including in the heading of such section) and inserting ‘‘TRICARE Reserve Select’’. (C) Section 1076e is amended— (i) in subsection (d)(1), by inserting after ‘‘coverage.’’ the following: ‘‘Such premium shall apply instead of any enrollment fees required under section 1075 of this section.’’; and (ii) in subsection (f), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The term ‘TRICARE Retired Reserve’ means the TRICARE Preferred self-managed, preferred-provider network option under section 1075 made available to beneficiaries by reason of this section and in accordance with subsection (d)(1).’’; (iii) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘TRICARE Standard coverage at’’ and inserting ‘‘TRICARE coverage at’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘TRICARE Standard’’ each place it appears (including in the heading of such section) and inserting ‘‘TRICARE Retired Reserve’’. (D) Section 1079a is amended— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘CHAMPUS’’ and inserting ‘‘TRICARE pro- gram’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the Civilian Health and Med-ical Program of the Uniformed Services’’ and in-serting ‘‘the TRICARE program’’. (E) Section 1099(c) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) A plan under the TRICARE program.’’. (F) Section 1110b(c)(1) is amended by inserting after ‘‘(b).’’ the following: ‘‘Such premium shall apply instead of any enrollment fees required under section 1075 of this section.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is further amended— (A) in the item relating to section 1076d, by striking ‘‘TRICARE Standard’’ and inserting ‘‘TRICARE Reserve Select’’; (B) in the item relating to section 1076e, by striking ‘‘TRICARE Standard’’ and inserting ‘‘TRICARE Retired Reserve’’; and (C) in the item relating to section 1079a, by striking ‘‘CHAMPUS’’ and inserting ‘‘TRICARE program’’. (3) C
ONFORMING STYLE .—Any new language inserted or added to title 10, United States Code, by an amendment made by this subsection shall conform to the typeface and typestyle of the matter in which the language is so inserted or added. (i) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to the pro-vision of health care under the TRICARE pro-gram beginning on January 1, 2018. 
SEC. 702. REFORM OF ADMINISTRATION OF THE DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY AND MILITARY MEDICAL TREATMENT FA-CILITIES. 
(a) A DMINISTRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 1073b the following new section: ‘‘§ 1073c. Administration of Defense Health Agency and military medical treatment fa-cilities ‘‘(a) A
DMINISTRATION OF MILITARY MEDICAL  T
REATMENT FACILITIES .—(1) Beginning October 1, 2018, the Director of the Defense Health Agen-cy shall be responsible for the administration of each military medical treatment facility, includ-ing with respect to— ‘‘(A) budgetary matters; ‘‘(B) information technology; ‘‘(C) health care administration and manage-ment; ‘‘(D) administrative policy and procedure; and ‘‘(E) any other matters the Secretary of De-fense determines appropriate. ‘‘(2) The commander of each military medical treatment facility shall be responsible for— ‘‘(A) ensuring the readiness of the members of the armed forces and civilian employees at such facility; and ‘‘(B) furnishing the health care and medical treatment provided at such facility. ‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense shall establish within the Defense Health Agency a profes-sional staff serving in senior executive service positions to carry out this subsection. The Sec-retary may carry out this paragraph by ap-pointing the positions specified in subsections (b) and (c). ‘‘(b) DHA A
SSISTANT DIRECTOR .—(1) The Sec-retary of Defense may establish in the Defense Health Agency an Assistant Director for Health Care Administration. If so established, the As-sistant Director shall— ‘‘(A) be a career appointee within the senior executive service of the Department; and ‘‘(B) report directly to the Director of the De-fense Health Agency. ‘‘(2) If established under paragraph (1), the Assistant Director shall be appointed from among individuals who have equivalent edu-cation and experience as a chief executive offi-cer leading a large, civilian health care system. ‘‘(3) If established under paragraph (1), the Assistant Director shall be responsible for the following: ‘‘(A) Establishing priorities for health care ad-ministration and management. ‘‘(B) Establishing policies and procedures for the provision of direct care at military medical treatment facilities. ‘‘(C) Establishing priorities for budgeting mat-ters with respect to the provision of direct care at military medical treatment facilities. ‘‘(D) Establishing policies and procedures for clinic management and operations at military medical treatment facilities. ‘‘(E) Establishing priorities for information technology at and between the military medical treatment facilities. ‘‘(c) DHA DEPUTY ASSISTANT DIRECTORS .— (1)(A) The Secretary of Defense may establish in the Defense Health Agency a Deputy Assistant Director for Information Operations. ‘‘(B) If established under subparagraph (A), the Deputy Assistant Director for Information Operations shall be responsible for management and execution of information technology oper-ations at and between the military medical treatment facilities. ‘‘(2)(A) The Secretary of Defense may estab-lish in the Defense Health Agency a Deputy As-sistant Director for Financial Operations. ‘‘(B) If established under subparagraph (A), the Deputy Assistant Director for Financial Op-erations shall be responsible for the management and execution of budgeting matters and finan-cial management with respect to the provision of direct care at military medical treatment facili-ties. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary of Defense may estab-lish in the Defense Health Agency a Deputy As-sistant Director for Health Care Operations. ‘‘(B) If established under subparagraph (A), the Deputy Assistant Director for Health Care Operations shall be responsible for the execution of health care administration and management in the military medical treatment facilities. ‘‘(4)(A) The Secretary of Defense may estab-lish in the Defense Health Agency a Deputy As-sistant Director for Medical Affairs. ‘‘(B) If established under subparagraph (A), the Deputy Assistant Director for Medical Af-fairs shall be responsible for the management and leadership of clinical quality and process improvement, patient safety, infection control, graduate medical education, clinical integra-tion, utilization review, risk management, pa-tient experience, and civilian physician recruit-ing. ‘‘(5) Each Deputy Assistant Director ap-pointed under paragraphs (1) through (4) shall— ‘‘(A) be a career appointee within the senior executive service of the Department; and ‘‘(B) report directly to the Assistant Director for Health Care Administration. ‘‘(d) DHA D
EPUTY DIRECTOR .—(1) In addition to the other duties of the Joint Staff Surgeon, the Joint Staff Surgeon shall serve as the Dep-uty Director for Combat Support of the Defense Health Agency. ‘‘(2) The responsibilities of the Deputy Direc-tor shall include the following: ‘‘(A) Ensuring that the Defense Health Agen-cy meets the operational needs of the com-manders of the combatant commands. ‘‘(B) Coordinating with the military depart-ments to ensure that the staffing at the military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2497 May 17, 2016 
medical treatment facilities support readiness re-quirements for members of the armed forces and health care personnel. ‘‘(C) Serving as the link between the com-manders of the combatant commands and the Defense Health Agency. ‘‘(e) A
PPOINTMENTS .—In carrying out sub-section (a)(3), including with respect to estab-lishing positions under subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary shall make appointments under such subsections— ‘‘(1) by not later than October 1, 2018; and ‘‘(2) by not increasing the number of full-time equivalent employees of the Defense Health Agency. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘career appointee’ has the meaning given that term in section 3132(a)(4) of title 5. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Defense Health Agency’ means the Defense Agency established pursuant to De-partment of Defense Directive 5136.13, or such successor Defense Agency. ‘‘(3) The term ‘senior executive service’ has the meaning given that term in section 2101a of title 5.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 1073b the following new item: ‘‘1073c. Administration of Defense Health Agen-cy and military medical treatment facilities.’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop a plan to implement section 1073c of title 10, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan developed under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) How the Secretary will carry out sub-section (a) of such section 1073c. (B) Efforts to minimize potentially duplicative activities carried out by the elements of the De-fense Health Agency. (C) Efforts to maximize efficiencies in the ac-tivities carried out by the Defense Health Agen-cy. (D) How the Secretary will implement such section 1073 in a manner that does not increase the number of full-time equivalent employees of the headquarters activities of the military health system as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2017, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report containing— (A) a preliminary draft of the plan developed under subsection (b)(1); and (B) any recommendations for legislative ac-tions the Secretary determines necessary to carry out the plan. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report containing the final version of the plan developed under subsection (b)(1). (3) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEWS .— (A) The Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (i) a review of the preliminary draft of the plan submitted under paragraph (1) by not later than September 1, 2017; and (ii) a review of the final version of the plan submitted under paragraph (2) by not later than September 1, 2018. (B) Each review of the plan conducted under paragraph (A) shall determine whether the Sec-retary has addressed the required elements for the plan under subsection (b)(2). 
SEC. 703. MILITARY MEDICAL TREATMENT FACILI-TIES. 
(a) A DMINISTRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 702, is fur-ther amended by inserting after section 1073c the following new section: ‘‘§ 1073d. Military medical treatment facilities ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—To support the medical readiness of the armed forces and the readiness of medical personnel, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the mili-tary departments, shall maintain the military medical treatment facilities described in sub-sections (b), (c), and (d). ‘‘(b) M
EDICAL CENTERS .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall maintain medical centers in areas with a large population of members of the armed forces and covered beneficiaries. ‘‘(2) Medical centers shall serve as referral fa-cilities for members and covered beneficiaries who require comprehensive health care services that support medical readiness. ‘‘(3) Medical centers shall consist of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) Inpatient and outpatient tertiary care fa-cilities that incorporate specialty and sub-specialty care. ‘‘(5) Graduate medical education programs. ‘‘(6) Residency training programs. ‘‘(7) Level one or level two trauma care capa-bilities. ‘‘(c) H
OSPITALS .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall maintain hospitals in areas where civilian health care facilities are unable to support the health care needs of members of the armed forces and covered beneficiaries. ‘‘(2) Hospitals shall provide— ‘‘(A) inpatient and outpatient health services to maintain medical readiness; and ‘‘(B) such other programs and functions as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(3) Hospitals shall consist of inpatient and outpatient care facilities with limited specialty care that the Secretary determines— ‘‘(A) is cost effective; or ‘‘(B) is not available at civilian health care facilities in the area of the hospital. ‘‘(d) A
MBULATORY CARE CENTERS .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall maintain ambulatory care centers in areas where civilian health care facilities are able to support the health care needs of members of the armed forces and cov-ered beneficiaries. ‘‘(2) Ambulatory care centers shall provide the outpatient health services required to maintain medical readiness, including with respect to partnerships established pursuant to section 707 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. ‘‘(3) Ambulatory care centers shall consist of outpatient care facilities with limited specialty care that the Secretary determines— ‘‘(A) is cost effective; or ‘‘(B) is not available at civilian health care facilities in the area of the ambulatory care cen-ter.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 702, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1073c the following new item: ‘‘1073d. Military medical treatment facilities.’’. (b) U
PDATE OF STUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in collaboration with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall update the report described in paragraph (2) to address the restructuring or realignment of military medical treatment facili-ties pursuant to section 1073d of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), includ-ing with respect to any expansions or consolida-tions of such facilities. (2) R
EPORT DESCRIBED .—The report described in this paragraph is the Military Health System Modernization Study dated May 29th, 2015, re-quired by section 713(a)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3414). (3) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees the updated report under paragraph (1). (c) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees an implementation plan to restructure or realign the military med-ical treatment facilities pursuant to section 1073d of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The implementation plan under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) With respect to each military medical treatment facility— (i) whether the facility will be realigned or re-structured under the plan; (ii) whether the functions of such facility will be expanded or consolidated; (iii) the costs of such realignment or restruc-turing; (iv) a description of any changes to the mili-tary and civilian personnel assigned to such fa-cility as of the date of the plan; (v) a timeline for such realignment or restruc-turing; and (vi) the justifications for such realignment or restructuring, including an assessment of the capacity of the civilian health care facilities lo-cated near such facility. (B) A description of the relocation of the grad-uate medical education programs and the resi-dency programs. 
SEC. 704. ACCESS TO URGENT CARE UNDER TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1077 the following new section: ‘‘§ 1077a. Access to military medical treatment facilities and other facilities ‘‘(a) U
RGENT CARE.—(1) Beginning not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Defense shall en-sure that military medical treatment facilities, at locations the Secretary determines appro-priate, provide urgent care services for members of the armed forces and covered beneficiaries until 11:00 p.m each day. ‘‘(2) With respect to areas in which a military medical treatment facility covered by paragraph (1) is not located, the Secretary shall ensure that members of the armed forces and covered beneficiaries may access urgent care clinics that are open during the hours specified in such paragraph through the health care provider net-work under the TRICARE program. ‘‘(3) A covered beneficiary may access urgent care services without the need for preauthorization for such services. ‘‘(4) The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) publish information about changes in ac-cess to urgent care under the TRICARE pro-gram— ‘‘(i) on the primary publicly available Internet website of the Department; and ‘‘(ii) on the primary publicly available website of each military treatment facility; and ‘‘(B) ensure that such information is made available on the publically available Internet website of each current managed care contractor that has established a health care provider net-work under the TRICARE program. ‘‘(b) N
URSE ADVICE LINE.—The Secretary shall ensure that the nurse advice line of the Depart-ment directs covered beneficiaries seeking access to care to the source of the most appropriate level of health care required to treat the medical conditions of the beneficiaries, including urgent care services described in subsection (a).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 1077 the following new item: ‘‘1077a. Access to military medical treatment fa-cilities and other facilities’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2498 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 705. ACCESS TO PRIMARY CARE CLINICS AT MILITARY MEDICAL TREATMENT FA-CILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1077a of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 704, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) P
RIMARY CARE CLINICS .—(1) The Sec-retary shall ensure that primary care clinics at military medical treatment facilities are avail-able for members of the armed forces and cov-ered beneficiaries between the hours determined appropriate under paragraph (2), including with respect to expanded hours described in sub-paragraph (B) of such paragraph. ‘‘(2)(A) The Secretary shall determine the hours that each primary care clinic at a military medical treatment facility is available for mem-bers of the armed forces and covered bene-ficiaries based on— ‘‘(i) the needs of the military treatment facil-ity to meet the access standards under the TRICARE Prime program; and ‘‘(ii) the primary care usage patterns of mem-bers and covered beneficiaries at such military medical treatment facility. ‘‘(B) The primary care clinic hours at a mili-tary medical treatment facility determined under subparagraph (A) shall include expanded hours beyond regular business hours during weekdays and the weekend if the Secretary de-termines under such subparagraph that suffi-cient demand exists at the military medical treatment facility for such expanded primary care clinic hours.’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of De-fense shall implement subsection (c) of section 1077a of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), by not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 706. INCENTIVES FOR VALUE-BASED HEALTH UNDER TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1095g the following new section: ‘‘§ 1095h. TRICARE program: value-based health care ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may develop and implement value-based incen-tive programs as part of any contract awarded under this chapter for the provision of health care services to covered beneficiaries to encour-age health care providers under the TRICARE program (including physicians, hospitals, and other persons and facilities involved in pro-viding such health care services) to improve the following: ‘‘(1) The quality of health care provided to covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE pro-gram. ‘‘(2) The experience of covered beneficiaries in receiving health care under the TRICARE pro-gram. ‘‘(3) The health of covered beneficiaries. ‘‘(b) V
ALUE-BASED INCENTIVE PROGRAMS .—(1) In developing value-based incentive programs under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) link payments to health care providers under the TRICARE program to improved per-formance with respect to quality, cost, and re-ducing the provision of inappropriate care; ‘‘(B) consider the characteristics of the popu-lation of covered beneficiaries affected by the value-based incentive program; ‘‘(C) consider how the value-based incentive program would affect the receipt of health care under the TRICARE program by such covered beneficiaries; ‘‘(D) establish or maintain an assurance that such covered beneficiaries will have timely ac-cess to health care during the operation of the value-based incentive program; ‘‘(E) ensure that such covered beneficiaries do not incur any additional costs by reason of the value-based incentive program; and ‘‘(F) consider such other factors as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. ‘‘(2) With respect to a value-based incentive program developed and implemented under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) the size, scope, and duration of the value-based incentive program is reasonable in relation to the purpose of the value-based incen-tive program; and ‘‘(B) the value-based incentive program relies on the core quality performance metrics pursu-ant to section 711 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. ‘‘(c) USE OF EXISTING MODELS .—In developing a value-based incentive program under sub-section (a), the Secretary may adapt a value- based incentive program conducted by a TRICARE managed care support contractor, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or any other governmental or commercial health care program.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 1095g the following new item: ‘‘1095h. TRICARE program: value-based health care.’’. (c) B
RIEFINGS .— (1) P
RIOR TO CERTAIN CONTRACT MODIFICA -
TIONS .—Not later than 60 days before the date on which the Secretary of Defense modifies a contract awarded under chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, to implement a value-based incentive program under section 1095h of such title, as added by subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives and the Senate (and any other appropriate congres-sional committee upon request) a briefing on any implementation plan of the Secretary with respect to such a value-based incentive program. (2) A
NNUAL BRIEFING .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2022, the Sec-retary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate (and any other appropriate congres-sional committee upon request) a briefing on the quality performance metrics and expenditures relating to a value-based incentive program de-veloped and implemented under section 1095h of title 10, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a). (3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 707. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY-CIVILIAN PARTNERSHIPS TO INCREASE AC-CESS TO HEALTH CARE AND READI-NESS. 
(a) P ARTNERSHIP AGREEMENTS .—Subsection (a) of section 1096 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) P
ARTNERSHIP AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary of Defense may enter into a partnership agreement between facilities of the uniformed services and local or regional health care sys-tems if the Secretary determines that such an agreement would— ‘‘(1) result in the delivery of health care to which covered beneficiaries are entitled under this chapter in a more effective, efficient, or eco-nomical manner; or ‘‘(2) provide members of the armed forces with additional training opportunities to maintain readiness requirements.’’. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Such section 1096 is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(c) C
RITERIA .—In entering into an agreement under subsection (a) between a facility of the uniformed services and a local or regional health care system, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) identify and analyze— ‘‘(A) the health care delivery options provided by the local or regional health care system; and ‘‘(B) the health care services provided by the facility; ‘‘(2) assess— ‘‘(A) how such agreement affects the delivery of health care at the facility and the readiness of the members of the uniformed services; ‘‘(B) the viability of the agreement with re-spect to succeeding on a long-term basis in the local community of the facility; and ‘‘(C) the cost efficiency and effectiveness of the agreement; and ‘‘(3) consult with— ‘‘(A) the Secretary concerned; ‘‘(B) representatives from such facility, in-cluding the leadership of the installation at which the facility is located, the leadership of the facility, and covered beneficiaries at such installation; ‘‘(C) the TRICARE managed care support contractor with responsibility for such facility; ‘‘(D) officials of the Federal, State, and local governments, as appropriate; and ‘‘(E) representatives from the local or regional health care system. ‘‘(d) LOCAL CONSORTIUM .—The Secretary shall ensure that an agreement entered into under subsection (a) between a facility of the uniformed services and a local or regional health care system is developed by a consortium representing the community of the facility and such health care system. ‘‘(e) B
IENNIAL EVALUATION .—The Secretary of Defense shall evaluate each agreement entered into under subsection (a) on a biennial basis to— ‘‘(1) assess whether the agreement provides in-creased access to health care for covered bene-ficiaries; ‘‘(2) assess the training opportunities to main-tain readiness requirements provided pursuant to such agreement; and ‘‘(3) determine whether such agreement should continue.’’. (c) R
EMOVAL OF REIMBURSEMENT LIMIT FOR  L
ICENSING FEES.—Subsection (g) of such section 1096, as redesignated by subsection (a), is amended by striking ‘‘up to $500 of’’. 
SEC. 708. JOINT TRAUMA SYSTEM. 
(a) P LAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate an implementation plan to establish a Joint Trauma System within the De-fense Health Agency that promotes improved trauma care to members of the Armed Forces and other individuals who are eligible to be treated for trauma at a military medical treat-ment facility. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall im-plement the plan under paragraph (1) after a 90-day period has elapsed following the date on which the Comptroller General of the United States is required to submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate the review under subsection (c). In implementing such plan, the Secretary shall take into account any recommendation made by the Comptroller General under such review. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The Joint Trauma System de-scribed in subsection (a)(1) shall include the fol-lowing elements: (1) Serve as the reference body for all trauma care provided across the military health system. (2) Establish standards of care for trauma services provided at military medical treatment facilities. (3) Coordinate the translation of research from the centers of excellence of the Department of Defense into standards of clinical trauma care. (4) Coordinate the incorporation of lessons learned from the trauma education and training 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2499 May 17, 2016 
partnerships pursuant to section 709 into clin-ical practice. (c) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate the implementation plan under subsection (a)(1), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to such committees a review of such plan to deter-mine if each element under subsection (b) is in-cluded in such plan. (d) R
EVIEW OF MILITARY TRAUMA SYSTEM .— In establishing a Joint Trauma System, the Sec-retary of Defense may seek to enter into an agreement with a non-governmental entity with subject matter experts to— (1) conduct a system-wide review of the mili-tary trauma system; and (2) make publicly available a report con-taining such review and recommendations to es-tablish a comprehensive trauma system for the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 709. JOINT TRAUMA EDUCATION AND TRAIN-ING DIRECTORATE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense shall establish a Joint Trauma Education and Training Directorate (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Directorate’’) to ensure that the traumatologists of the Armed Forces main-tain readiness and are able to be rapidly de-ployed for future armed conflicts. The Secretary shall carry out this section in collaboration with the Secretaries of the military departments. (b) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Directorate are as follows: (1) To enter into and coordinate the partner-ships under subsection (c). (2) To establish the goals of such partnerships necessary for trauma combat casualty care teams led by traumatologists to maintain profes-sional competency in trauma care. (3) To establish metrics for measuring the per-formance of such partnerships in achieving such goals. (4) To develop methods of data collection and analysis for carrying out paragraph (3). (5) To communicate and coordinate lessons learned from such partnerships with the Joint Trauma System established under section 708. (c) P
ARTNERSHIPS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall enter into partnerships with civilian academic medical centers and large metropolitan teaching hos-pitals that have level I civilian trauma centers. (2) T
RAUMA COMBAT CASUALTY CARE TEAMS .— Under the partnerships entered into with civil-ian academic medical centers and large metro-politan teaching hospitals under paragraph (1), trauma combat casualty care teams of the Armed Forces led by traumatologists of the Armed Forces shall embed within the trauma centers of the medical centers and hospitals on an enduring basis. (3) S
ELECTION .—The Secretary shall select ci-vilian academic medical centers and large metro-politan teaching hospitals to enter into partner-ships under paragraph (1) based on patient vol-ume, acuity, and other factors the Secretary de-termines necessary to ensure that the traumatologists of the Armed Forces and the as-sociated clinical support teams have adequate and continuous exposure to critically injured patients. (4) C
ONSIDERATION .—In entering into partner-ships under paragraph (1), the Secretary may consider the experiences and lessons learned by the military departments that have entered into memoranda of understanding with civilian med-ical centers for trauma care. (d) A
NALYSIS .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an analysis to determine the number of traumatologists of the Armed Forces, by spe-cialty, that must be maintained within the De-partment of Defense to meet the requirements of the combatant commands. (e) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Not later than July 1, 2017, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate an implementa-tion plan for establishing the Joint Trauma Education and Training Directorate under sub-section (a) and entering into partnerships under subsection (c). (f) LEVEL I CIVILIAN TRAUMA CENTER DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘level I civilian trauma center’’ means a comprehensive regional resource that is a tertiary care facility central to the trauma system and is capable of providing total care for every aspect of injury from pre-vention through rehabilitation. 
SEC. 710. IMPROVEMENTS TO ACCESS TO HEALTH CARE IN MILITARY MEDICAL TREAT-MENT FACILITIES. 
(a) F IRSTCALLRESOLUTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall implement standard processes to ensure that, in the case of a beneficiary contacting a military medical treatment facility over the tele-phone for, at a minimum, scheduling an ap-pointment, requesting a prescription drug refill, and other matters determined appropriate by the Secretary, the needs of the beneficiary are met during the first such telephone call. (2) M
ETRICS .—The Secretary shall— (A) develop metrics, collect data, and evaluate the performance of the processes implemented under paragraph (1); and (B) carry out satisfaction surveys to monitor the satisfaction of beneficiaries with such proc-esses, including with respect to the satisfaction regarding access to appointments and patient care. (b) A
PPOINTMENT SCHEDULING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall imple-ment standard processes to schedule bene-ficiaries for appointments at military medical treatment facilities. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The standard processes imple-mented under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Requiring clinics at military medical treat-ment facilities to allow a beneficiary to schedule an appointment for wellness visits or follow-up appointments during the six-month or longer pe-riod beginning on the date of the request for the appointment. (B) A process to remind a beneficiary of future appointments in a manner that the beneficiary prefers, which may include sending postcards to the beneficiary prior to appointments and mak-ing reminder telephone calls, emails, or cellular text messages to the beneficiary at specified in-tervals prior to appointments. (c) A
PPOINTMENT SUPPLY AND DEMAND .— (1) P
RODUCTIVITY .—The Secretary shall imple-ment standards for the productivity of health care providers at military medical treatment fa-cilities. In developing such standards, the Sec-retary shall consider civilian benchmarks for measuring the productivity of health care pro-viders, the optimal number of appointments (pa-tient contact hours) required to maintain access according to the standards developed by the Secretary, and readiness requirements. (2) M
ANAGING USE OF FACE -TO-FACE APPOINT -
MENTS .—The Secretary shall implement strate-gies for managing the use of face-to-face ap-pointments at military medical treatment facili-ties. Such strategies may include— (A) maximizing the use of telehealth and vir-tual appointments for beneficiaries at the discre-tion of the health care provider and the bene-ficiary; (B) the implementation of remote patient mon-itoring of chronic conditions to improve out-comes and reduce the number of follow-up ap-pointments for beneficiaries; and (C) maximizing the use of secure messaging between health care providers and beneficiaries to improve the access of beneficiaries to health care and reduce the number of visits for health care needs. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall im-plement subsections (a), (b), and (c) by not later than February 1, 2017. (e) B
RIEFING .—Not later than March 1, 2017, the Secretary shall provide the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a briefing on the implementation of subsections (a), (b), and (c). (f) BENEFICIARIES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘beneficiaries’’ means members of the Armed Forces and covered beneficiaries (as de-fined in section 1072(5) of title 10, United States Code). 
SEC. 711. ADOPTION OF CORE QUALITY PERFORM-ANCE METRICS. 
(a) A DOPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall adopt the core quality performance metrics agreed upon by the Core Quality Measures Collaborative for use by the military health system and in contracts awarded to carry out the TRICARE program. (2) C
ORE MEASURES .—The core quality per-formance metrics described in paragraph (1) shall include the following sets: (A) Accountable care organizations, patient centered medical homes and primary care. (B) Cardiology. (C) Gastroenterology. (D) HIV and hepatitis C. (E) Medical oncology. (F) Obstetrics and gynecology. (G) Orthopedics. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Core Quality Measures Collabo-rative’’ means the collaboration between the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, major health insurance companies, national physician organizations, and other entities to reach con-sensus on core performance measures reported by health care providers. (2) The term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 712. STUDY ON IMPROVING CONTINUITY OF HEALTH CARE COVERAGE FOR RE-SERVE COMPONENTS. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study of options for providing health care coverage that improves the continuity of health care provided to current and former members of the Selected Reserve of the Ready Reserve who are not— (1) serving on active duty; (2) eligible for the Transitional Assistance Management Program under section 1145 of title 10, United States Code; or (3) eligible for the Federal Employees Health Benefit Program under chapter 89 of title 5. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study under subsection (a) shall address the following: (1) Whether to allow current and former mem-bers of the Selected Reserve to participate in the Federal Employees Health Benefit Program under chapter 89 of title 5. (2) Whether to pay a stipend to current and former members to continue coverage in a health plan obtained by the member. (3) Whether to allow current and former mem-bers to participate in the TRICARE program under section 1076d of title 10, United States Code. (4) Whether to allow members of the National Guard assigned to Homeland Response Force Units mobilized for a State emergency pursuant to chapter 9 of title 32, United States Code, to remain eligible for the TRICARE program. (5) Any other options for providing health care coverage to current and former members of the Selected Reserve the Secretary considers ap-propriate. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with, and obtain the opinions of, current and former members of the Selected Reserve, includ-ing the leadership of the Selected Reserve. (d) S
UBMISSION .— (1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the study under subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2500 May 17, 2016 
(2) M ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the health care coverage options addressed by the Secretary under sub-section (b). (B) Identification of such health care cov-erage option that the Secretary recommends as the best option. (C) The justifications for such recommended best option. (D) The number and proportion of the current and former members of the Selected Reserve pro-jected to participate in such recommended best option. (E) A determination of the appropriate cost sharing for such recommended best option with respect to the percentage contribution as a monthly premium for current members of the Se-lected Reserve. (F) An estimate of the cost of implementing such recommended best option. (G) Any legislative language required to im-plement such recommended best option. Subtitle B—Other Health Care Benefits 
SEC. 721. PROVISION OF HEARING AIDS TO DE-PENDENTS OF RETIRED MEMBERS. 
Section 1077 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(16), by striking ‘‘A hear-ing aid’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided by subsection (g), a hearing aid’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) In addition to the authority to provide a hearing aid under subsection (a)(16), hearing aids may be sold under this section to depend-ents of former members of the uniformed services at cost to the United States.’’. 
SEC. 722. EXTENDED TRICARE PROGRAM COV-ERAGE FOR CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE NATIONAL GUARD AND DE-PENDENTS DURING CERTAIN DIS-ASTER RESPONSE DUTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1076e the following new section: ‘‘§ 1076f. TRICARE program: extension of cov-erage for certain members of the National Guard and dependents during certain dis-aster response duty ‘‘(a) E
XTENDED COVERAGE .—During a period in which a member of the National Guard is per-forming disaster response duty, the member shall be treated as being on active duty for a pe-riod of more than 30 days for purposes of the eli-gibility of the member and dependents of the member for health care benefits under the TRICARE program if such period immediately follows a period in which the member served on full-time National Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32, including pursuant to chapter 9 of such title, unless the Governor of the State (or, with respect to the District of Columbia, the mayor of the District of Columbia) determines that such extended eligibility is not in the best interest of the member or the State. ‘‘(b) C
ONTRIBUTION BY STATE.—(1) The Sec-retary may charge a State for the costs of pro-viding coverage under the TRICARE program to members of the National Guard of the State and the dependents of the members pursuant to sub-section (a). Such charges shall be paid from the funds of the State or from any other non-Fed-eral funds. ‘‘(2) Any amounts received by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the ap-propriation available for the Defense Health Program Account under section 1100 of this title, shall be merged with sums in such Account that are available for the fiscal year in which col-lected, and shall be available under subsection (b) of such section, including to carry out sub-section (a) of this section. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘disaster response duty’ means duty performed by a member of the National Guard in State status pursuant to an emergency declaration by the Governor of the State (or, with respect to the District of Columbia, the mayor of the District of Columbia) in response to a disaster or in preparation for an imminent disaster. ‘‘(2) The term ‘State’ means each of the sev-eral States, the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, and any territory or possession of the United States.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 1076e the following new item: ‘‘1076f. TRICARE program: extension of cov-erage for certain members of the National Guard and dependents during certain disaster response duty.’’. Subtitle C—Health Care Administration 
SEC. 731. PROSPECTIVE PAYMENT OF FUNDS NEC-ESSARY TO PROVIDE MEDICAL CARE FOR THE COAST GUARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 519. Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care ‘‘(a) P
ROSPECTIVE PAYMENT REQUIRED .—In lieu of the reimbursement required under section 1085 of title 10, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall make a prospective payment to the Secretary of Defense of an amount that rep-resents the actuarial valuation of treatment or care— ‘‘(1) that the Department of Defense shall pro-vide to members of the Coast Guard, former members of the Coast Guard, and dependents of such members and former members (other than former members and dependents of former mem-bers who are a Medicare-eligible beneficiary or for whom the payment for treatment or care is made from the Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Care Fund) at facilities under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense or a military depart-ment; and ‘‘(2) for which a reimbursement would other-wise be made under section 1085. ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT .—The amount of the prospective payment under subsection (a) shall be— ‘‘(1) in the case of treatment or care to be pro-vided to members of the Coast Guard and their dependents, derived from amounts appropriated for the operating expenses of the Coast Guard; ‘‘(2) in the case of treatment or care to be pro-vided former members of the Coast Guard and their dependents, derived from amounts appro-priated for retired pay; ‘‘(3) determined under procedures established by the Secretary of Defense; ‘‘(4) paid during the fiscal year in which treatment or care is provided; and ‘‘(5) subject to adjustment or reconciliation as the Secretaries determine appropriate during or promptly after such fiscal year in cases in which the prospective payment is determined excessive or insufficient based on the services actually provided. ‘‘(c) N
OPROSPECTIVE PAYMENT WHENSERVICE  
INNAVY.—No prospective payment shall be made under this section for any period during which the Coast Guard operates as a service in the Navy. ‘‘(d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRICARE.—This sec-tion shall not be construed to require a payment for, or the prospective payment of an amount that represents the value of, treatment or care provided under any TRICARE program.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘519. Prospective payment of funds necessary to provide medical care.’’. (c) R
EPEAL .—Section 217 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–120), as amended by section 3504, and the item relat-ing to that section in the table of contents in section 2 of such Act, are repealed. Subtitle D—Reports and Other Matters SEC. 741. MENTAL HEALTH RESOURCES FOR MEM-BERS OF THE MILITARY SERVICES AT HIGH RISK OF SUICIDE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop a methodology that identifies which members of the military services are at high risk of suicide. (b) M
ENTAL HEALTH RESOURCES .— (1) H
IGH RISK MEMBERS OF THE MILITARY  
SERVICES .—The Secretary of Defense shall use the results under subsection (c) to— (A) identify which units have a disproportion-ately high rate of suicide and suicide attempts; and (B) provide additional preventative and treat-ment resources for mental health for members of the military services who were deployed with the units identified under subparagraph (A). (2) P
REVENTATIVE MENTAL HEALTH CARE .—The Secretary of Defense shall use the results under subsection (c) to— (A) identify the circumstances of deployments associated with increased vulnerability to sui-cide, including the length of deployment, the re-gion and area of deployment, and the nature and extent to which there was contact with enemy forces; and (B) provide additional preventative mental health care to units who currently are, or will be, deployed under circumstances similar to those of subparagraph (A). (c) M
ETHODOLOGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a method-ology to assess the rate of suicide and suicide attempts of members of the military services of units that have been deployed in support of a contingency operation after September 11, 2001. (d) R
EPORTS .—Not later than September 30, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate a report on the activities carried out under this section and the effective-ness of such activities. (e) R
ESTRICTION ON USE OF INFORMATION .— Information disclosed or obtained pursuant to the provisions of this section may be used by of-ficers, employees, and contractors of the Depart-ment of Defense only for the purposes of, and to the extent necessary in, carrying out this sec-tion. (f) M
ILITARY SERVICES DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘military services’’ means the Army, Navy, Air Force, and the Marine Corps, including the reserve components thereof. 
SEC. 742. RESEARCH OF CHRONIC TRAUMATIC ENCEPHALOPATHY. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for advanced development for re-search, development, test, and evaluation for the Defense Health Program, not more than $25,000,000 may be used to award grants to med-ical researchers and universities to support re-search into early detection of chronic traumatic encephalopathy. 
SEC. 743. ACTIVE OSCILLATING NEGATIVE PRES-SURE TREATMENT. 
In furnishing health care and medical treat-ment to members of the Armed Forces who have incurred injuries from improvised explosive de-vices and other blast-related events, the Sec-retary of Defense shall consider using non- invasive technologies that increase blood flow to areas of reduced circulation, including through the use of active oscillating negative pressure treatment. 
SEC. 744. LONG-TERM STUDY ON HEALTH OF HEL-ICOPTER AND TILTROTOR PILOTS. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall carry out a long-term study of career helicopter and tiltrotor pilots to assess potential links between the operation of helicopter and tiltrotor aircraft and acute and chronic medical conditions experienced by such pilots. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2501 May 17, 2016 
(b) E LEMENTS .—The study under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A study of career helicopter and tiltrotor pilots compared to a control population that— (A) takes into account the amount of time such pilots operated aircraft; (B) examines the severity and rates of acute and chronic injuries experienced by such pilots; and (C) determines whether such pilots experience a higher degree of acute and chronic medical conditions than the control population. (2) If a higher degree of acute and chronic medical conditions is observed among such pi-lots, an explanation of— (A) the specific causes of the conditions (such as whole body vibration, seat and cockpit ergonomics, landing loads, hard impacts, and pilot-worn gear); and (B) any costs associated with treating the con-ditions if the causes are not mitigated. (3) A review of relevant scientific literature and prior research. (4) Such other information as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (c) D
URATION .—The duration of the study under subsection (a) shall be not more than 2 years. (d) B
RIEFING .—Not later than June 6, 2017, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives (and other congressional defense committees on request) a briefing on the progress of the Secretary in carrying out the study under subsection (a). 
SEC. 745. PILOT PROGRAM FOR PRESCRIPTION DRUG ACQUISITION COST PARITY IN THE TRICARE PHARMACY BENEFITS PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO ESTABLISH PILOT PRO-
GRAM .—The Secretary of Defense may conduct a pilot program to evaluate whether, in carrying out the TRICARE pharmacy benefits program under section 1074g of title 10, United States Code, extending additional discounts for pre-scription drugs filled at retail pharmacies will maintain or reduce prescription drug costs for the Department of Defense. (b) E
LEMENTS OF PILOT PROGRAM .—In car- rying out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall require that for prescrip-tion medications, including but not limited to non-generic maintenance medications, that are dispensed to retired TRICARE beneficiaries that are not Medicare eligible, through any TRICARE participating retail pharmacy, manu-facturers shall pay rebates such that those medications are available to the Department at the lowest rate available. In addition to uti-lizing the authority under section 1074g(f) of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary shall have the authority to enter into a purchase blanket agreement with prescription drug manu-factures for supplemental discounts for prescrip-tion drugs dispensed in the pilot to be paid in the form of manufactures rebates. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall de-velop the pilot program in consultation with— (1) the Secretaries of the military departments, including Army, Navy and Air Force; (2) the Chief, Pharmacy Operations Division, of the Defense Health Agency; and (3) stakeholders, including TRICARE bene-ficiaries and retail pharmacies. (d) D
URATION OF PILOT PROGRAM .—If the Sec- retary carries out the pilot program under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall commence such pilot program no later than October 1, 2017, and may terminate such program no later than Sep-tember 30, 2018. (e) R
EPORTS .—If the Secretary carries out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees, including the House and Senate Committees on Armed Services, re-ports on the pilot program as follows: (1) Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, a report containing an implementation plan for the pilot program. (2) Not later than 180 days after the date on which the pilot program commences, an interim report on the pilot program. (3) Not later than 90 days after the date on which the pilot program terminates, a final re-port describing the results of the pilot program, including any recommendations of the Secretary to expand such program. The final report will include— (A) an analysis of the changes in prescription drug costs for the Department related to the pilot program; (B) an analysis of the impact on beneficiary access to prescription drugs; (C) a survey of beneficiary satisfaction with the pilot program; (D) a summary of any fraud and abuse activi-ties related to the pilot and actions taken in re-sponse by the Department; and (E) a comparison of immunization rates for beneficiaries participating in the pilot and those outside of the pilot. SEC. 746. STUDY ON DISPLAY OF WAIT TIMES AT URGENT CARE CLINICS, PHAR-MACIES, AND EMERGENCY ROOMS OF MILITARY MEDICAL TREATMENT FACILITIES. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study on the feasibility of plac-ing in a conspicuous location at each urgent care clinic of a military medical treatment facil-ity, pharmacy of such a facility, and emergency room of such a facility an electronic sign that displays the current average wait time for a pa-tient to be seen by a qualified medical profes-sional or to receive a filled prescription, as the case may be. (2) D
ETERMINATION OF CERTAIN WAIT TIMES .— For purposes of conducting the study under paragraph (1) with respect to urgent care clinics and emergency rooms, the average wait time that would be displayed shall be— (A) determined by calculating, for the four- hour period preceding the calculation, the aver-age length of time beginning at the time of the arrival of a patient and ending at the time at which the patient is first seen by a doctor of medicine, a doctor of osteopathy, a physician assistant, or an advanced registered nurse prac-titioner; and (B) updated every 30 minutes. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2017, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the study conducted under subsection (a)(1), including the estimated costs for displaying the wait times as described in such subsection. 
SEC. 747. REPORT ON FEASIBILITY OF INCLUDING ACUPUNCTURE AND CHIROPRACTIC SERVICES FOR RETIREES UNDER TRICARE PROGRAM. 
Not later than November 1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the feasibility of furnishing acupuncture services and chiro-practic services under the TRICARE program to beneficiaries who are retired members of the uniformed services (not including any depend-ent of such a retired member). 
SEC. 748. CLARIFICATION OF SUBMISSION OF RE-PORTS ON LONGITUDINAL STUDY ON TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY. 
Section 1080 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1000; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) shall not apply to reports submitted by the Secretary of Defense to Congress under section 721 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2294). TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS Subtitle A—Amendments to General Con-tracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limi-tations SEC. 801. REVISION TO AUTHORITIES RELATING TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TEST RESOURCE MANAGEMENT CENTER. 
Section 196 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘of the Major Range and Test Facility Base, including with respect to the expansion, divestment, con-solidation, or curtailment of activities,’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘that comprise the Major Range and Test Facility Base and other facili-ties and resources used to support the acquisi-tion programs of the Department of Defense’’; (2) in subsection (d)(2)(E)— (A) by striking ‘‘plans and business case anal-yses supporting any significant modification of’’ and inserting ‘‘implementation plans and anal-yses supporting any significant change to’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘including with respect to the expansion, divestment, consolidation, or curtail-ment of activities’’; (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘M
ODIFICATIONS ’’ and inserting ‘‘C HANGES ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘modification of the test’’ and all that follows through ‘‘activities,’’ and inserting ‘‘change of the test and evaluation facilities and resources that comprise the Major Range and Test Facility Base and other facilities and re-sources used to support the acquisition programs of the Department of Defense’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘a busi-ness case analysis for such modification’’ and inserting ‘‘an implementation plan and anal-ysis, including an analysis of cost consider-ations, that supports such a change’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘anal-ysis and approves such modification’’ and in-serts ‘‘plan and analysis and approves such change’’; and (C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘business case’’ and inserting ‘‘implementation plan and’’; and (4) in subsection (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘In this section, the term’’ and inserting ‘‘In this section: ‘‘(1) The term’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The term ‘significant change’ means— ‘‘(A) any action that will limit or preclude a test and evaluation capability from fully per-forming its intended purpose; ‘‘(B) any action that affects the ability of the Department of Defense to conduct test and eval-uation in a timely or cost-effective manner; or ‘‘(C) any expansion or addition that develops a new significant test capability.’’. 
SEC. 802. AMENDMENTS TO RESTRICTIONS ON UNDEFINITIZED CONTRACTUAL AC-TIONS. 
(a) A LLOWABLE PROFIT .—Section 2326(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B); (2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The head’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) If a contractor submits a qualifying pro-posal to definitize an undefinitized contractual action and the contracting officer for such ac-tion definitized the contract after the end of the 180-day period beginning on the date on which the contractor submitted the qualifying pro-posal, the head of the agency concerned shall ensure that the profit allowed on the contract accurately reflects the cost risk of the contractor as it existed on the date the contractor sub-mitted the qualifying proposal.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2502 May 17, 2016 
(b) F OREIGN MILITARY SALES.—Section 2326 of such title is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) F
OREIGN MILITARY SALES.—A contracting officer of the Department of Defense may not enter into an undefinitized contractual action for a foreign military sale unless the contractual action provides for agreement upon contractual terms, specifications, and price by the end of the 180-day period beginning on the date on which the contractor submits a qualifying proposal to definitize such terms, specifications, and price. This subsection may be waived in the same man-ner as subsection (b) may be waived under sub-section (b)(4).’’. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—Subsection (h) of such sec-tion, as redesignated by subsection (b), is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking subparagraph (A); and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), re-spectively; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘complete and meaningful audits’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘a meaningful audit of the information contained in the pro-posal.’’. 
SEC. 803. REVISION TO REQUIREMENTS RELAT-ING TO INVENTORY METHOD FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CON-TRACTS FOR SERVICES. 
(a) R EVISION TO CURRENT REQUIREMENTS .— Section 2330a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsections (c), (d), (f), and (g); (2) by redesignating subsections (e), (h), (i), and (j) as subsections (d), (e), (f), and (g), re-spectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) I
NVENTORY .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall implement a method for inventory of De-partment of Defense contracts for services. The method implemented under this subsection shall provide the capability to— ‘‘(A) make appropriate comparisons of con-tractor and Government civilian full-time equiv-alent employees for the purpose of informing sourcing decisions and workforce planning in compliance with section 129a of this title; ‘‘(B) distinguish between different types of services contracts, including contracts for labor or staff augmentation and other types of serv-ices contracts; ‘‘(C) provide qualitative information such as the nature of the work performed, the place where the work is actually performed (on-site or off-site), and the entity for which the work is performed; and ‘‘(D) identify the number of contractor em-ployees, expressed as full-time equivalents for direct labor, using direct labor hours and associ-ated cost data collected from contractors. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall ensure that the meth-od implemented under this subsection is auditable at minimal cost.’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF INVENTORY METH-
OD.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall implement a method for inventory of De-partment of Defense contracts for services, as re-quired by subsection (c) of section 2330a, as amended by subsection (a). In implementing the method, the Secretary shall use methods and systems, including time-and-attendance systems, or combinations of methods and systems, in ex-istence as of the date of the enactment of this Act, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. (c) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than the end of the third quarter of each fiscal year, through fiscal year 2021, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to Congress a summary of the inventory reporting activities performed by each military department, each combatant command, and each Defense Agency, during the preceding fiscal year pursuant to contracts for services (and pursuant to contracts for goods to the ex-tent services are a significant component of per-formance as identified in a separate line item of a contract) for or on behalf of the Department of Defense. (d) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 2330a of title 10, United States Code, is further amended— (A) in subsection (d), as redesignated by sub-section (a)(2) of this section, by striking ‘‘Within 90 days after the date on which an inventory is submitted under subsection (c),’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than the end of each fiscal year,’’; and (B) in subsection (e), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘2014 and ending with 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 and ending with 2018’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘subsections (e) and (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’. (2) Section 235(b) of such title is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘and separately’’ and all the follows through ‘‘amount requested’’ and insert-ing ‘‘and separately identify the amount re-quested and the number of full-time contractor employees (or the equivalent of full-time in the case of part-time contractor employees)’’; (B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-riod; and (C) by striking paragraph (2). 
SEC. 804. PROCUREMENT OF PERSONAL PROTEC-TIVE EQUIPMENT. 
Section 884 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 948; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT .—’’ before ‘‘The Secretary of Defense’’; (2) by striking ‘‘that is predominately’’ and all that follows through ‘‘price’’ and inserting ‘‘de-scribed in subsection (b)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) S
OURCE SELECTION CRITERIA DE-
SCRIBED .—For purposes of subsection (a), the source selection criteria described in this sub-section are criteria— ‘‘(1) that are predominately based on tech-nical qualifications of the item and not predomi-nately based on price; ‘‘(2) that do not use reverse auction or lowest price technically acceptable contracting meth-ods; and ‘‘(3) that reflect a preference for best value source selection methods.’’. 
SEC. 805. REVISION TO EFFECTIVE DATE OF SEN-IOR EXECUTIVE BENCHMARK COM-PENSATION FOR ALLOWABLE COST LIMITATIONS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF RETROACTIVE APPLICABILITY .— Section 803(c) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1485; 10 U.S.C. 2324 note) is amended by striking ‘‘amendments made by’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to costs of compensation incurred after January 1, 2012, under contracts entered into on or after December 31, 2011.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as of December 31, 2011, and shall apply as if included in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 as enacted. 
SEC. 806. AMENDMENTS RELATED TO DETECTION AND AVOIDANCE OF COUNTERFEIT ELECTRONIC PARTS. 
Section 818 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3) of subsection (c)— (A) by striking the heading and inserting ‘‘S
UPPLIERS MEETING ANTICOUNTERFEITING RE -
QUIREMENTS .—’’; (B) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘trust-ed suppliers in accordance with regulations issued pursuant to subparagraph (C) or (D) who’’ and inserting ‘‘suppliers that meet anticounterfeiting requirements in accordance with regulations issued pursuant to subpara-graph (C) or (D) and that’’; (C) in subparagraphs (A)(ii) and (A)(iii), by striking ‘‘trusted suppliers’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘suppliers that meet anticounterfeiting requirements’’; (D) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘as trusted suppliers those’’ and inserting ‘‘sup-pliers’’; (E) in subparagraph (D) in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘trusted suppliers’’ and inserting ‘‘suppliers that meet anticounterfeiting requirements’’; and (F) in subparagraphs (D)(i) and (D)(iii), by striking ‘‘trusted’’ each place it appears; and (2) in subsection (e)(2)(A)(v), by striking ‘‘use of trusted suppliers’’ and inserting ‘‘the use of suppliers that meet applicable anticounterfeiting requirements’’. SEC. 807. AMENDMENTS TO SPECIAL EMERGENCY PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY. 
Section 1903(a) of title 41, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (1); (2) by striking the period at the end of para-graph (2) and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) in support of a request from the Secretary of State or the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to facilitate the provision of international disaster assistance pursuant to chapter 9 of part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2292 et seq.); or ‘‘(4) in support of an emergency or major dis-aster (as those terms are defined in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122)).’’. 
SEC. 808. COMPLIANCE WITH DOMESTIC SOURCE REQUIREMENTS FOR FOOTWEAR FURNISHED TO ENLISTED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES UPON THEIR INITIAL ENTRY INTO THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 418 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d)(1) In the case of athletic footwear needed by members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps upon their initial entry into the armed forces, the Secretary of Defense shall fur-nish such footwear directly to the members in-stead of providing a cash allowance to the mem-bers for the purchase of such footwear. ‘‘(2) In procuring athletic footwear to comply with paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall comply with the requirements of section 2533a of title 10, without regard to the applica-bility of any simplified acquisition threshold under chapter 137 of title 10 (or any other provi-sion of law). ‘‘(3) This subsection does not prohibit the pro-vision of a cash allowance to a member de-scribed in paragraph (1) for the purchase of ath-letic footwear if such footwear— ‘‘(A) is medically required to meet unique physiological needs of the member; and ‘‘(B) cannot be met with athletic footwear that complies with the requirements of this sub-section.’’. 
SEC. 809. REQUIREMENT FOR POLICIES AND STANDARD CHECKLIST IN PROCURE-MENT OF SERVICES. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Section 2330a of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 803, is further amended by adding by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) R
EQUEST FOR SERVICES CONTRACT AP-
PROVAL .—(1) The Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness shall— ‘‘(A) ensure that Department of Defense In-struction 1100.22, Guidance for Manpower Mix, is modified to incorporate policies establishing a standard checklist to be completed ensuring the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2503 May 17, 2016 
appropriate alignment of workload to the pri-vate sector prior to the issuance of a solicitation for any new contract for services or exercising an option under an existing contract for serv-ices, including services provided under a con-tract for goods; and ‘‘(B) in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Lo-gistics, ensure that such policies and checklist are incorporated by reference or otherwise into the Service Requirements Review Board proc-esses established under Department of Defense Instruction 5000.74 and into the pre-solicitation requirements of the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement. ‘‘(2) Such checklist shall, at minimum, con-solidate and address workforce management and sourcing considerations established under sec-tions 129, 129a, 2461, and 2463 of this title as well as Office of Federal Procurement Policy Letter 11-01.’’. (b) A
RMY MODEL .—In implementing section 2330a(g) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), the Under Secretary of De-fense for Personnel and Readiness shall model, to the maximum extent practicable, its policies and checklist on the policies and checklist relat-ing to services contract approval established and in use by the Department of the Army (as set forth in the request for services contract ap-proval form updated as of August 2012, or any successor form). (c) D
EADLINE .—The policies required under such section 2230a(g) of such title, as so added, shall be issued within one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 810. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON AGGRE-GATE ANNUAL AMOUNT AVAILABLE FOR CONTRACT SERVICES. 
Section 808 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1489), as most recently amended by section 813 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3429) is further amended— (1) in subsections (a) and (b), by striking ‘‘or 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2015, 2016, or 2017’’; (2) in subsection (c)(3), by striking ‘‘and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2015, 2016, and 2017’’; (3) in subsection (d)(4), by striking ‘‘or 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2015, 2016, or 2017’’; and (4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. Subtitle B—Provisions Relating to Major Defense Acquisition Programs 
SEC. 811. CHANGE IN DATE OF SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS OF SELECTED ACQUISI-TION REPORTS. 
Section 2432(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘45’’ the first place it oc-curs and inserting ‘‘10’’. 
SEC. 812. AMENDMENTS RELATING TO INDE-PENDENT COST ESTIMATION AND COST ANALYSIS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 2334 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘selection of confidence levels’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘discussion of risk’’; (2) in subsection (a)(6)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or approve’’ after ‘‘con-duct’’; (B) by striking ‘‘major defense acquisition programs’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Au-thority—’’ and inserting ‘‘all major defense ac-quisition programs, major automated informa-tion system programs, and major subprograms— ’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or upon the request’’ and all that follows through the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘, upon the request of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, or upon the request of the milestone decision authority;’’ (3) by redesignating subsections (b), (c), (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), and (h), respectively; (4) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) INDEPENDENT COSTESTIMATE REQUIRED  B
EFORE APPROVAL .—(1) A milestone decision authority may not approve the system develop-ment and demonstration, or production and de-ployment, of a major defense acquisition pro-gram, major automated information system pro-gram, or major subprogram unless an inde-pendent cost estimate of the full life-cycle cost of the program or subprogram has been con-ducted or approved by the Director of Cost As-sessment and Program Evaluation and consid-ered by the milestone decision authority. ‘‘(2) The regulations governing the content and submission of independent cost estimates re-quired by subsection (a) shall require that the independent cost estimate of the full life-cycle cost of a program or subprogram include— ‘‘(A) all costs of development, procurement, military construction, operations and support, and trained manpower to operate, maintain, and support the program or subprogram upon full operational deployment, without regard to funding source or management control; and ‘‘(B) an analysis to support decision making that identifies and evaluates alternative courses of action that may reduce cost, reduce risk, and result in more affordable programs.’’; (5) in subsection (d), as so redesignated, in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘confidence level’’ and inserting ‘‘discussion of risk’’; (6) in subsection (e), as so redesignated— (A) by amending the subsection heading to read as follows: ‘‘D
ISCUSSION OF RISK IN COST E
STIMATES .—’’; (B) by amending paragraph (1) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) issue guidance requiring a discussion of risk, the potential impacts of risk on program costs, and approaches to mitigate risk in cost es-timates for major defense acquisition programs, major automated information system programs, and major subprograms;’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘such confidence level pro-vides’’ and inserting ‘‘cost estimates provide’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or subprogram’’ after ‘‘the program’’; and (D) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘disclosure required by paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘in-formation required in the guidance under para-graph (1)’’; and (7) by inserting after subsection (f), as so re-designated, the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) G
UIDELINES AND COLLECTION OF COST D
ATA.—(1) The Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, develop policies, pro-cedures, guidance, and a collection method to ensure that acquisition cost data are collected in a standardized format that facilitates cost esti-mation and comparison across acquisition pro-grams. ‘‘(2) The program manager and contracting officer for each major defense acquisition pro-gram, major automated information system pro-gram, and major subprogram, in consultation with the cost estimating component of the rel-evant military department or Defense Agency, shall ensure that cost data are collected in ac-cordance with the requirements of paragraph (1) for any acquisition program in an amount greater than $100,000,000. ‘‘(3) The requirement under paragraph (1) may be waived only by the Director of Cost As-sessment and Program Evaluation.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO ADDSUB-
PROGRAMS .—Section 2334 of such title is further amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by inserting ‘‘or major subprogram’’ before ‘‘under chapter 144’’; (2) in paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) of sub-section (a) and in subsection (c)(1) (as redesig-nated by subsection (a) of this section), by strik-ing ‘‘major defense acquisition programs and major automated information system programs’’ and inserting ‘‘major defense acquisition pro-grams, major automated information system pro-grams, and major subprograms’’ each place it appears; (3) in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (d) (as so redesignated), and in subsection (f)(4) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘major defense ac-quisition program or major automated informa-tion system program’’ and inserting ‘‘major de-fense acquisition program, major automated in-formation system program, or major subpro-gram’’ each place it appears; (4) in subsection (d)(4) (as so redesignated), by inserting before the period ‘‘or major subpro-gram’’; (5) in subsection (e)(3)(B) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘or major subprogram’’ after ‘‘major defense acquisition program’’; and (6) in subsection (f)(3) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘major defense acquisition program and major automated information system program’’ and inserting ‘‘major defense acquisition pro-gram, major automated information system pro-gram, and major subprogram’’. (c) REPEAL .—Chapter 144 of such title is amended— (1) by striking section 2434; and (2) in the table of sections at the beginning of such chapter, by striking the item relating to such section. 
SEC. 813. REVISIONS TO MILESTONE B DETER-MINATIONS. 
Section 2366b(a)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘acquisi-tion cost in’’ and all that follows through the semicolon, and inserting ‘‘life-cycle cost;’’; and (2) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘funding is’’ and all that follows through ‘‘made,’’ and inserting ‘‘funding is expected to be available to execute the product development and production plan for the program,’’. 
SEC. 814. REVIEW AND REPORT ON SUSTAINMENT PLANNING IN THE ACQUISITION PROCESS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR REVIEW .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall conduct a review of the extent to which sustainment matters are consid-ered in decisions related to the requirements, ac-quisition, cost estimating, and programming and budgeting processes for major defense acquisi-tion programs. The review shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A determination of whether information related to the operation and sustainment of major defense acquisition programs, including cost data, is available to inform decisions made during those processes. (2) If such information exists, an evaluation of the completeness, timeliness, quality, and suitability of the information for aiding in deci-sions made during those processes. (3) A determination of whether information related to the operation and sustainment of ex-isting major weapon systems is used to forecast the operation and sustainment needs of major weapon systems proposed for or under develop-ment. (4) A description of the potential benefits from improved completeness, timeliness, quality, and suitability of data on operation and support costs and increased consideration of such data. (5) Recommendations for improving access to and consideration of operation and support cost data. (6) An assessment of product support strate-gies for major weapon systems required by sec-tion 2337 of title 10, United States Code, or other similar life-cycle sustainment strategies, includ-ing an evaluation of— (A) the stage at which such strategies are de-veloped during the life of a major weapon sys-tem; (B) the content and completeness of such strategies; (C) the extent to which such strategies influ-ence the planning for major defense acquisition programs; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2504 May 17, 2016 
(D) the extent to which such strategies influ-ence decisions related to the life-cycle manage-ment and product support of major weapon sys-tems. (7) An assessment of how effectively the mili-tary departments consider sustainment matters at key decision points for acquisition and life- cycle management in accordance with the re-quirements of sections 2431a, 2366a, 2366b, and 2337 of title 10, United States Code and section 832 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (8) Recommendations for improving the con-sideration of sustainment during the require-ments, acquisition, cost estimating, program-ming and budgeting processes. (b) C
ONTRACT WITHINDEPENDENT ENTITY .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into a contract with an independent entity with appropriate expertise to conduct the review re-quired by subsection (a). The contract also shall require the entity to provide to the Secretary a report on the findings of the entity. (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than March 1, 2017, the Secretary shall provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives on the preliminary findings of the independent entity. (d) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than August 1, 2017, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a copy of the report of the independent entity, along with comments on the report, proposed revisions or clarifications to laws related to life-cycle man-agement or sustainment planning for major weapon systems, and a description of any ac-tions the Secretary may take to revise or clarify regulations related to life-cycle management or sustainment planning for major weapon sys-tems. 
SEC. 815. REVISION TO DISTRIBUTION OF AN-NUAL REPORT ON OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION. 
Section 139(h) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘the Secretaries of the mili-tary departments,’’ after ‘‘Logistics,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘10 days’’ and all that follows through ‘‘title 31’’ and inserting ‘‘January 31 of each year, through January 31, 2021’’; and (2) in paragraph (5), by inserting after ‘‘Sec-retary’’ the following: ‘‘of Defense and the Sec-retaries of the military departments’’. Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Commercial Items 
SEC. 821. REVISION TO DEFINITION OF COMMER-CIAL ITEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 103(8) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘to multiple State and local governments’’ and in-serting ‘‘to State, local, or foreign govern-ments’’. (b) E
FFECT ON SECTION 2464.—Nothing in this section or the amendment made by this section shall affect the meaning of the term ‘‘commer-cial item’’ under section (a)(5) of section 2464 of title 10, United States Code, or any requirement under subsection (a)(3) or subsection (c) of such section. 
SEC. 822. MARKET RESEARCH FOR DETERMINA-TION OF PRICE REASONABLENESS IN ACQUISITION OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS. 
Section 2377 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e), and in that subsection by striking ‘‘subsection (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (c) and (d)’’; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection (d): ‘‘(d) M
ARKET RESEARCH FOR PRICE ANAL-
YSIS.—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that procurement officials in the Department of Defense conduct or obtain market research to support the determination of the reasonableness of price for commercial items contained in any bid or offer submitted in response to an agency solicitation. To the extent necessary to support such market research, the procurement official for the solicitation— ‘‘(1) in the case of items acquired under sec-tion 2379 of this title, shall use information sub-mitted under subsection (d) of that section; and ‘‘(2) in the case of other items, may require the offeror to submit relevant information.’’. SEC. 823. VALUE ANALYSIS FOR THE DETERMINA-TION OF PRICE REASONABLENESS. 
Subsection 2379(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) An offeror may submit information or analysis relating to the value of a commercial item to aid in the determination of the reason-ableness of the price of such item. A contracting officer may consider such information or anal-ysis in addition to the information submitted pursuant to paragraphs (1)(A) and (1)(B).’’. 
SEC. 824. CLARIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS RE-LATING TO COMMERCIAL ITEM DE-TERMINATIONS. 
Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 2380 of title 10, United States Code, are amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) establish and maintain a centralized ca-pability with necessary expertise and resources to provide assistance to the military departments and Defense Agencies in making commercial item determinations, conducting market re-search, and performing analysis of price reason-ableness for the purposes of procurements by the Department of Defense; and ‘‘(2) provide to officials of the Department of Defense access to previous Department of De-fense commercial item determinations, market research, and analysis used to determine the reasonableness of price for the purposes of pro-curements by the Department of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 825. PILOT PROGRAM FOR AUTHORITY TO ACQUIRE INNOVATIVE COMMERCIAL ITEMS USING GENERAL SOLICITA-TION COMPETITIVE PROCEDURES. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a pilot program, to be known as a ‘‘commercial solutions opening pilot pro-gram’’, under which innovative commercial items may be acquired through a competitive se-lection of proposals resulting from a general so-licitation and the peer review of such proposals. (b) T
REATMENT AS COMPETITIVE PROCE-
DURES .—Use of general solicitation competitive procedures for the pilot program under sub-section (a) shall be considered to be use of com-petitive procedures for purposes of chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code. (c) L
IMITATIONS ON FUNDING .— (1) L
IMITATION ON INDIVIDUAL CONTRACT  
AMOUNT .—The Secretary may not enter into a contract under the pilot program for an amount in excess of $10,000,000. (2) A
NNUAL LIMITATION .—The total amount that may be obligated or expended under the pilot program for a fiscal year may not exceed $75,000,000. (d) L
IMITATION RELATING TO MAJOR DEFENSE  A
CQUISITION PROGRAM SYSTEMS .—The Secretary may not acquire innovative commercial items under the pilot program to replace a system under a major defense acquisition program in its entirety. (e) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall issue guidance for the implementation of the pilot program under this section within the Depart-ment of Defense. Such guidance shall be issued in consultation with the Office of Management and Budget and shall be posted for access by the public. (f) R
EPORTS REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than six months after the initiation of the pilot program, and every six months thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a re-port on the activities the Department of Defense carried out under the pilot program. (2) ELEMENTS OF REPORT .—The report under this subsection shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the impact of the pilot program on competition. (B) An assessment of the ability under the pilot program to attract proposals from non-traditional defense contractors (as defined in section 2302(9) of title 10, United States Code). (C) A comparison of acquisition timelines for— (i) procurements made using the pilot pro-gram; and (ii) procurements made using other competi-tive procedures that do not use general solicita-tions. (D) A recommendation on whether the author-ity for the pilot program should be made perma-nent. (g) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘in-novative’’ means— (1) any new technology, process, or method, able to be used to improve or replace existing in-formation system applications, programs, or net-works, or used to improve research and develop-ment of information technology advancements; or (2) any new application of an existing tech-nology, process, or method. (h) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to enter into a contract under a pilot program under this section terminates on the date occurring five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 831. REVIEW AND REPORT ON THE BID PRO-TEST PROCESS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a review of the bid protest processes re-lated to major defense acquisition programs. The review shall examine the extent to which— (1) the incidence and duration of bid protests have increased or decreased during the previous decade; (2) bid protests have delayed procurement of items or services; (3) there are differences in the incidence and outcomes of bid protests filed by incumbent and non-incumbent contractors; (4) protests filed by incumbent contractors re-sult in extension of the period of performance of a contract, and whether there are benefits (mon-etary or non-monetary) to incumbent contrac-tors under such circumstances; and (5) there are alternative actions or authorities that could give the Government more flexibility in managing contracts if a bid protest is filed. (b) C
ONTRACT WITHINDEPENDENT ENTITY .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall enter into a contract with an independent entity with appropriate expertise to conduct the review required in subsection (a). (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than March 1, 2017, the Secretary, or his designee, shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives on interim findings of the independent entity. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than July 1, 2017, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the findings of the independent entity, along with a description of any actions that the Secretary proposes to ad-dress the findings of the independent entity. 
SEC. 832. REVIEW AND REPORT ON INDEFINITE DELIVERY CONTRACTS. 
(a) R EPORT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall deliver, not later than March 31, 2018, a report to Congress on the use by the Department of Defense of indefinite de-livery contracts entered into during fiscal years 2015, 2016, and 2017. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall address, at a minimum, the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2505 May 17, 2016 
(1) A review of Department of Defense policies for using indefinite delivery contracts, including requirements for competition. (2) The number and value of all indefinite de-livery contracts entered into by the Department of Defense. (3) An assessment of the number and value of indefinite delivery contracts entered into by the Department of Defense that included competi-tion between multiple vendors. (4) Selected case studies of indefinite delivery contracts, including an assessment of whether any such contracts may have limited future op-portunities for competition for the services or items required. (5) Recommendations for potential changes to current law or Department of Defense acquisi-tion regulations to promote competition with re-spect to indefinite delivery contracts. 
SEC. 833. REVIEW AND REPORT ON CONTRAC-TUAL FLOW-DOWN PROVISIONS. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall conduct a review of contractual flow-down provisions related to major defense acquisition programs. The review shall— (1) identify the flow-down provisions that exist in the Federal Acquisition Regulation and the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement; (2) identify the flow-down provisions that are critical for national security; (3) examine the extent to which clauses in contracts with the Department of Defense are being applied inappropriately in subcontracts under the contracts; (4) assess the applicability of flow-down provi-sions for the purchase of commodity items that are acquired in bulk for multiple acquisition programs; (5) determine the unnecessary costs or bur-dens, if any, of flow-down provisions on the supply chain; and (6) determine the effect, if any, of flow-down provisions on the participation rate of small businesses and non-traditional defense contrac-tors in defense procurements. (b) C
ONTRACT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall enter into a contract with an independent entity with appropriate ex-pertise to conduct the review required by sub-section (a). (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than March 1, 2017, the Secretary, or his designee, shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on interim findings of the independent entity as well as initial rec-ommendations of the entity on how to modify or eliminate contractual flow-down requirements that the entity considers burdensome or unnec-essary. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than August 1, 2017, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the independent entity, along with a description of any actions that the Secretary proposes to address the findings of the independent entity. 
SEC. 834. REVIEW OF ANTI-COMPETITIVE SPECI-FICATIONS IN INFORMATION TECH-NOLOGY ACQUISITIONS. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall conduct a re-view of the policy, guidance, regulations, and training related to specifications included in in-formation technology acquisitions to ensure cur-rent policies eliminate the unjustified use of po-tentially anti-competitive specifications. In con-ducting the review, the Under Secretary shall examine the use of brand names or proprietary specifications or standards in solicitations for procurements of goods and services, as well as the current acquisition training curriculum re-lated to those areas. (b) B
RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives on the results of the review required by subsection (a). (c) ADDITIONAL GUIDANCE .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall revise policies, guidance, and training to incorporate such rec-ommendations as the Under Secretary considers appropriate from the review required by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 835. COAST GUARD MAJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) F UNCTIONS OF CHIEF ACQUISITION OFFI-
CER.—Section 56(c) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end of paragraph (8), striking the period at the end of paragraph (9) and in-serting ‘‘; and’’, and adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10)(A) keeping the Commandant informed of the progress of major acquisition programs (as that term is defined in section 581); ‘‘(B) informing the Commandant on a con-tinuing basis of any developments on such pro-grams that may require new or revisited trade- offs among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance, including— ‘‘(i) significant cost growth or schedule slip-page; and ‘‘(ii) requirements creep (as that term is de-fined in section 2547(c)(1) of title 10); and ‘‘(C) ensuring that the views of the Com-mandant regarding such programs on cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance trade-offs are strongly considered by program managers and program executive officers in all phases of the acquisition process.’’. (b) C
USTOMER SERVICE MISSION OF DIREC-
TORATE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 561(b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) to meet the needs of customers of major acquisition programs in the most cost-effective manner practicable.’’; (B) in section 562, by repealing subsection (b) and redesignating subsections (c) through (g) as subsections (b) through (f), respectively; (C) in section 563, by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010, the Commandant shall commence implementation of’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commandant shall maintain’’; (D) by adding at the end of section 564 the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) A
CQUISITION OF UNMANNED AERIAL SYS-
TEMS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commandant— ‘‘(A) may not award a contract for design of an unmanned aerial system for use by the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(B) may acquire an unmanned aerial system only— ‘‘(i) if such a system has been acquired or has been used by the Department of Defense or the Department of Homeland Security, or a compo-nent thereof, before the date on which the Com-mandant acquires the system; and ‘‘(ii) through an agreement with such depart-ment or component, unless the unmanned aerial system can be obtained at less cost through independent contract action. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION .—The limita-tions of paragraph (1)(B) shall not apply to any small unmanned aerial system that consists of— ‘‘(A) an unmanned aircraft weighing less than 55 pounds on takeoff, including all components and equipment on board or otherwise attached to the aircraft; and ‘‘(B) associated elements (including commu-nication links and the components that control such aircraft) that are required for the safe and efficient operation of such aircraft.’’; (E) in subchapter II, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 578. Role of Vice Commandant in major ac-quisition programs ‘‘The Vice Commandant— ‘‘(1) shall represent the customer of a major acquisition program with regard to trade-offs made among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance with respect to such program; and. ‘‘(2) shall advise the Commandant in decisions regarding the balancing of resources against priorities, and associated trade-offs referred to in paragraph (1), on behalf of the customer of a major acquisition program. ‘‘§ 579. Extension of major acquisition pro-gram contracts ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 564(a)(2) of this title and section 2304 of title 10, and subject to subsections (b) and (c) of this sec-tion, the Secretary may acquire additional units procured under a Coast Guard major acquisition program contract, by extension of such contract without competition, if the Comptroller General of the United States determines that the costs that would be saved through award of a new contract in accordance with such sections would not exceed the costs of such an award. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF ADDITIONAL  U
NITS.—The number of additional units ac-quired under a contract extension under this section may not exceed the number of additional units for which such determination is made. ‘‘(c) D
ETERMINATION OF COSTS UPON RE-
QUEST .—The Comptroller General shall, at the request of the Secretary, determine for purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) the costs that would be saved through award of a new major acquisition program con-tract in accordance with section 564(a)(2) for the acquisition of a number of additional units spec-ified by the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) the costs of such award, including the costs that would be incurred due to acquisition schedule delays and asset design changes asso-ciated with such award. ‘‘(d) N
UMBER OF EXTENSIONS .—A contract may be extended under this section more than once.’’; and (F) in section 581— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through (10) as paragraphs (9) through (12), respectively, and by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), respectively; (ii) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) C
USTOMER OF A MAJOR ACQUISITION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘customer of a major acquisi-tion program’ means the operating field unit of the Coast Guard that will field the system or systems acquired under a major acquisition pro-gram.’’; and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (7), as so re-designated, the following: ‘‘(8) M
AJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAM .—The term ‘major acquisition program’ means an ongoing acquisition undertaken by the Coast Guard with a life-cycle cost estimate greater than or equal to $300,000,000.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 569a of such title is amended by striking subsection (e). (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to sub-chapter II the following: ‘‘578. Role of Vice Commandant in major acqui-sition programs. ‘‘579. Extension of major acquisition program contracts.’’. (c) R
EVIEW REQUIRED .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall conduct a review of— (A) the authorities provided to the Com-mandant in chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, and other relevant statutes and regula-tions related to Coast Guard acquisitions, in-cluding developing recommendations to ensure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2506 May 17, 2016 
that the Commandant plays an appropriate role in the development of requirements, acquisition processes, and the associated budget practices; (B) implementation of the strategy prepared in accordance with section 562(b)(2) of title 14, United States Code, as in effect before the en-actment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017; and (C) acquisition policies, directives, and regula-tions of the Coast Guard to ensure such policies, directives, and regulations establish a customer- oriented acquisition system. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2017, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report containing, at a minimum, the following: (A) The recommendations developed by the Commandant under paragraph (1) and other re-sults of the review conducted under such para-graph. (B) The actions the Commandant is taking, if any, within the Commandant’s existing author-ity to implement such recommendations. (3) M
ODIFICATION OF POLICIES , DIRECTIVES , 
AND REGULATIONS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall modify the acquisition policies, directives, and regula-tions of the Coast Guard as necessary to ensure the development and implementation of a cus-tomer-oriented acquisition system, pursuant to the review under paragraph (1)(C). (d) A
NALYSIS OF USING MULTIYEAR CON-
TRACTING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—No later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an analysis of the use of multiyear contracting, including procurement authority provided under section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, and authority similar to that granted to the Navy under section 121(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85; 111 Stat. 1648) and section 150 of the Continuing Appropria-tions Act, 2011 (Public Law 111–242; 124 Stat. 3519), to acquire any combination of at least five— (A) Fast Response Cutters, beginning with hull 43; and (B) Offshore Patrol Cutters, beginning with hull 5. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The analysis under paragraph (1) shall include the costs and benefits of using multiyear contracting, the impact of multiyear contracting on delivery timelines, and whether the acquisitions examined would meet the tests for the use of multiyear procurement authori-ties. 
SEC. 836. WAIVER OF CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICA-TION FOR ACQUISITION OF TAC-TICAL MISSILES AND MUNITIONS GREATER THAN QUANTITY SPECI-FIED IN LAW. 
Section 2308(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The head’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘, except as provided in para-graph (2),’’ after ‘‘but’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) A notification is not required under para-graph (1) if the end item being acquired in a higher quantity is an end item under a tactical missile program or a munition program.’’. 
SEC. 837. CLOSEOUT OF OLD DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY CONTRACTS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Navy may close out the contracts described in subsection (b) through the issuance of one or more modi-fications to such contracts without completing further reconciliation audits or corrective ac-tions other than those described in this section. To accomplish closeout of such contracts— (1) remaining contract balances may be offset with balances in other contract line items within a contract regardless of the year or type of ap-propriation obligated to fund each contract line item and regardless of whether the appropria-tions for such contract line items have closed; and (2) remaining contract balances may be offset with balances on other contracts regardless of the year or type of appropriation obligated to fund each contract and regardless of whether the appropriations for such contract line item have closed. (b) CONTRACTS COVERED .—The contracts cov-ered by this section are a group of contracts that are with one contractor and identified by the Secretary, each one of which is a contract— (1) to design, construct, repair, or support the construction or repair of Navy submarines that— (A) was entered into between fiscal years 1974 and 1998; and (B) has no further supply or services deliverables due under the terms and conditions of the contract; (2) with respect to which the Secretary of the Navy has established the total final contract value; and (3) with respect to which the Secretary of the Navy has determined that the final allowable cost may have a negative or positive unliqui-dated obligation balance for which it would be difficult to determine the year or type of appro-priation because— (A) the records for the contract have been de-stroyed or lost; or (B) the records for the contract are available but the contracting officer, in collaboration with the certifying official, has determined that a discrepancy is of such a minimal value that the time and effort required to determine the cause of an out-of-balance condition is dispropor-tionate to the amount of the discrepancy. (c) C
LOSEOUT .—The contracts described in subsection (b) may be closed out— (1) upon receipt of $581,803 from the con-tractor, to be deposited into the Treasury as mis-cellaneous receipts; and (2) without seeking further amounts from the contractor, and without payment to the con-tractor of any amounts that may be due under such contracts. (d) A
DJUSTMENT AND CLOSURE OF RECORDS .— After closeout of any contract described in sub-section (b) using the authority of this section, the payment or accounting offices concerned may adjust and close any open finance and ac-counting records relating to the contract. 
SEC. 838. REQUIREMENT THAT CERTAIN SHIP COMPONENTS BE MANUFACTURED IN THE NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY AND INDUSTRIAL BASE. 
(a) A DDITIONAL PROCUREMENT LIMITATION .— Section 2534(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) C
OMPONENTS FOR AUXILIARY SHIPS .—Sub- ject to subsection (k), the following components: ‘‘(A) Auxiliary equipment, including pumps, for all shipboard services. ‘‘(B) Propulsion system components, including engines, reduction gears, and propellers. ‘‘(C) Shipboard cranes. ‘‘(D) Spreaders for shipboard cranes.’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(k) I
MPLEMENTATION OF AUXILIARY SHIP C
OMPONENT LIMITATION .—Subsection (a)(6) ap-plies only with respect to contracts awarded by the Secretary of a military department for new construction of an auxiliary ship after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 using funds available for National Defense Sealift Fund pro-grams or Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy.’’. SEC. 839. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACQUISI-TION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND DETERMINATION ADJUST-MENT. 
Subsection (d)(2)(D) of section 1705 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘$400,000,000’’ the following: ‘‘except that, in the case of fiscal year 2017, the Secretary may reduce the amount to $0’’. 
SEC. 840. AMENDMENT TO PROHIBITION ON PER-FORMANCE OF NON-DEFENSE AU-DITS BY DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY TO EXEMPT AUDITS FOR NA-TIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMIN-ISTRATION. 
Section 893(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; Stat. 952) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Effective’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (3), effective’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—In this subsection, the term ‘non-Defense Agencies’ does not include the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration.’’. 
SEC. 841. SELECTION OF SERVICE PROVIDERS FOR AUDITING SERVICES AND AUDIT READINESS SERVICES. 
The Department of Defense shall select service providers for auditing services and audit readi-ness services based on the best value to the De-partment, as determined by the resource sponsor for an auditing contract, rather than based on the lowest price technically acceptable service provider. 
SEC. 842. MODIFICATIONS TO THE JUSTIFICA-TION AND APPROVAL PROCESS FOR CERTAIN SOLE-SOURCE CONTRACTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SIMPLIFIED JUSTIFICATION AND  A
PPROVAL PROCESS .—Section 811 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111-84; 123 Stat. 2405; 41 U.S.C. 3304 note) is repealed. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR JUSTIFICATION AND AP-
PROVAL PROCESS .— (1) D
EFENSE PROCUREMENTS .—Section 2304(f)(2)(D)(ii) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘only if such procurement is for property or services in an amount less than $20,000,000’’ before the semicolon at the end. (2) C
IVILIAN PROCUREMENTS .—Section 3304(e)(4) of title 41, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or sec-tion 8(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)).’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) the procurement is for property or serv-ices in an amount less than $20,000,000 and is conducted under section 8(a) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)).’’. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Subtitle A—Goldwater-Nichols Reform 
SEC. 901. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON GOLDWATER- NICHOLS REFORM. 
It is the sense of Congress that the following principles should be adhered to in any reform of the Goldwater-Nichols Department of Defense Reorganization Act of 1986: (1) Civilian control of the military and the ci-vilian chain of command must be preserved. (2) The role of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in providing independent mili-tary advice, as the principal military advisor to the President and the Secretary of Defense, must be preserved. (3) Any changes to the Goldwater-Nichols Act of 1986 should be rooted in a clear identification and understanding of the issues and the objec-tives and ramifications of any changes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2507 May 17, 2016 
(4) Any changes to the Goldwater-Nichols Act of 1986 should enhance the capabilities of the United States Armed Forces. (5) Each Geographical Unified Command has its own distinct area of emphasis and expertise, as well as requirements and responsibilities. Combining Northern Command and Southern Command, or combining European Command and Africa Command, would severely degrade mission effectiveness, but would provide only marginal increased efficiency. Additionally, consolidating Geographic Unified Commands would cause unacceptable risk to both global strategic influence as well as regional capa-bility, and would exacerbate already significant capacity challenges. (6) The emphasis on strategy and planning in the Goldwater-Nichols Act must be sustained. (7) Complex security challenges will become increasingly transregional, multi-domain, and multi-functional. (8) Therefore, the Department of Defense, in-cluding streamlined headquarters staffs, must be more agile and adaptive. 
SEC. 902. REPEAL OF DEFENSE STRATEGY RE-VIEW. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 118 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 2 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 118. 
SEC. 903. COMMISSION ON THE NATIONAL DE-FENSE STRATEGY FOR THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby estab-lished a commission to be known as the ‘‘Com-mission on the National Defense Strategy for the United States’’. The purpose of the commission is to examine and make recommendations with respect to national defense strategy for the United States. (b) C
OMPOSITION .— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .—The commission shall be composed of 12 members appointed as follows: (A) Three members appointed by the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (B) Three members appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (C) Three members appointed by the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. (D) Three members appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. (2) C
HAIR; VICE CHAIR .— (A) C
HAIR.—The chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representative and the chair of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate shall jointly designate one member of the commission to serve as chair of the commission. (B) V
ICE CHAIR .—The ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representative and the ranking minor-ity member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate shall jointly designate one member of the commission to serve as vice chair of the commission. (3) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— Members shall be appointed for the life of the commission. Any vacancy in the commission shall be filled in the same manner as the origi-nal appointment. (c) D
UTIES .— (1) R
EVIEW .—The commission shall review the current national defense strategy of the United States, including the assumptions, missions, force posture and capabilities, and strategic and military risks associated with the strategy. (2) A
SSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—The commission shall conduct a comprehensive as-sessment of the strategic environment, the size and shape of the force, the readiness of the force, the posture and capabilities of the force, the allocation of resources, and strategic and military risks to provide recommendations on national defense strategy for the United States. (d) COOPERATION FROMGOVERNMENT .— (1) C
OOPERATION .—In carrying out its duties, the commission shall receive the full and timely cooperation of the Secretary of Defense in pro-viding the commission with analysis, briefings, and other information necessary for the fulfill-ment of its responsibilities. (2) L
IAISON .—The Secretary of Defense shall designate at least one officer or employee of the Department of Defense to serve as a liaison offi-cer between the Department and the commis-sion. (e) R
EPORT .— (1) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than December 1, 2017, the commission shall submit to the Presi-dent, the Secretary of Defense, the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives, and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate a report on the commission’s find-ings, conclusions, and recommendations. The re-port shall address, but not be limited to, each of the following: (A) The strategic environment, including secu-rity challenges, and the national security inter-ests of the United States. (B) The military missions for which the De-partment of Defense should prepare and the force planning construct. (C) The roles and missions of the Armed Forces to carry out those missions and the roles and capabilities provided by other United States Government agencies and by allies and inter-national partners. (D) The force size and shape, posture and ca-pabilities, readiness, infrastructure, organiza-tion, personnel, and other elements of the de-fense program necessary to support the strategy. (E) The resources necessary to support the strategy, including budget recommendations. (F) The strategic and military risks associated with the strategy, including the relationships and tradeoffs between missions, risks, and re-sources. (2) I
NTERIM BRIEFING .—Not later than June 1, 2017, the commission shall provide to the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate a briefing on the status of its review and assessment, and include a discussion of any interim recommendations. (f) F
UNDING .— Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act to the Department of De-fense, $5,000,000 is available to fund the activi-ties of the commission. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The commission shall ter-minate 6 months after the date on which it sub-mits the report required by subsection (e). 
SEC. 904. REFORM OF DEFENSE STRATEGIC AND POLICY GUIDANCE. 
Subsection (g) of section 113 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) D
EFENSE STRATEGIC AND POLICY GUID-
ANCE.— ‘‘(1) D
EFENSE STRATEGIC GUIDANCE .—The Sec- retary of Defense, with the advice and assist-ance of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall provide every four years to the heads of the military departments, the unified and specified combatant commands, all other Defense Agencies and Department of Defense Field Activities, and any other elements of the Department of Defense named in paragraphs (1) to (10) of section 111(b) of this title, written stra-tegic guidance expressing the national defense strategy of the United States. The strategic guidance shall— ‘‘(A) support the most recent national security strategy report of the President under section 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043); ‘‘(B) be a mechanism for— ‘‘(i) setting priorities for sizing and shaping the force, guiding the development and sustainment of capabilities, allocating resources, and adjusting the organization of the Depart-ment of Defense to respond to changes in the strategic environment; ‘‘(ii) monitoring, assessing, and holding ac-countable agencies within the Department of Defense for the development of policies and pro-grams that support the national defense strat-egy; ‘‘(iii) integrating and supporting other na-tional and related interagency security policies and strategies with other Department of Defense guidance, plans, and activities; and ‘‘(iv) communicating such national defense strategy to the American public, Congress, rel-evant United States Government agencies, and allies and international partners; ‘‘(C) provide a comprehensive discussion of— ‘‘(i) the assumed strategic environment, in-cluding security challenges, and the assumed or defined prioritized national security interests and objectives of the United States; ‘‘(ii) the prioritized military missions for which the Department of Defense must prepare and the assumed force planning scenarios and constructs; ‘‘(iii) the roles and missions of the armed forces to carry out those missions, and the as-sumed roles and capabilities provided by other United States Government agencies and by allies and international partners; ‘‘(iv) the force size and shape, posture, capa-bilities, readiness, infrastructure, organization, personnel, and other elements of the defense program necessary to support the strategy; ‘‘(v) the resources necessary to support the strategy, including an estimated budget plan; and ‘‘(vi) the strategic and military risks associ-ated with the strategy, including the relation-ships and tradeoffs between missions, risks, and resources; and ‘‘(D) include any additional or alternative views of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, including any military assessment of risks associated with the defense strategy. ‘‘(2) POLICY GUIDANCE ON DEVELOPMENT OF  
FORCES .—In implementing the guidance in para-graph (1), the Secretary of Defense, with the ad-vice and assistance of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall provide annually to the heads of the military departments, the unified and specified combatant commands, all other Defense Agencies and Department of Defense Field Activities, and any other elements of the Department of Defense named in paragraphs (1) to (10) of section 111(b) of this title, written pol-icy guidance for the preparation and review of the program recommendations and budget pro-posals of their respective components to guide the development of forces. Such guidance shall include— ‘‘(A) the prioritized national security interests and objectives; ‘‘(B) the prioritized military missions of the Department of Defense, including the assumed force planning scenarios and constructs; ‘‘(C) the force size and shape, posture, capa-bilities, readiness, infrastructure, organization, personnel, and other elements of the defense program necessary to support the strategy; ‘‘(D) the resource levels projected to be avail-able for the period of time for which such rec-ommendations and proposals are to be effective; and ‘‘(E) a discussion of any changes in the de-fense strategy and assumptions underpinning the strategy, as required by paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) P
OLICY GUIDANCE ON CONTINGENCY PLAN -
NING.—In implementing the guidance in para-graph (1), the Secretary of Defense, with the ap-proval of the President and after consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall provide, every two years or more fre-quently as needed, to the Chairman written pol-icy guidance for the preparation and review of contingency plans, including plans for pro-viding support to civil authorities in an incident of national significance or a catastrophic inci-dent, for homeland defense, and for military support to civil authorities. Such guidance shall include guidance on the employment of forces, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2508 May 17, 2016 
including specific force levels and specific sup-porting resource levels projected to be available for the period of time for which such plans are to be effective. ‘‘(4) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—(A) Not later than February 15th in any calendar year in which any of the written guidance in para-graphs (1), (2), and (3) is required, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a copy of such guidance devel-oped under such paragraphs. ‘‘(B) In addition, not later than February 15th in any calendar year in which the written guidance in paragraph (1) is required, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a detailed summary of any classified aspects of the strategic guidance, including assumptions regarding the strategic environment; military missions; force planning scenarios and constructs; force size, shape, pos-ture, capabilities, and readiness; and any addi-tional or alternative views of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.’’. 
SEC. 905. REFORM OF THE NATIONAL MILITARY STRATEGY. 
Paragraph (1) of section 153(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) N
ATIONAL MILITARY STRATEGY .—(A) The Chairman shall determine each even-numbered year whether to prepare a new National Mili-tary Strategy in accordance with this subpara-graph or to update a strategy previously pre-pared in accordance with this subsection. The Chairman shall provide such National Military Strategy or update to the Secretary of Defense in time for transmittal to Congress pursuant to paragraph (3), including in time for inclusion of the report of the Secretary of Defense, if any, under paragraph (4). ‘‘(B) Each National Military Strategy (or up-date) under this paragraph shall be based on a comprehensive review conducted by the Chair-man in conjunction with the other members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the commanders of the unified and specified combatant commands. Each update shall address only those parts of the most recent National Military Strategy for which the Chairman determines, on the basis of this review, that a modification is needed. ‘‘(C) Each National Military Strategy (or up-date) submitted under this paragraph shall de-scribe how the military will support the objec-tives of the United States as articulated in— ‘‘(i) the most recent National Security Strat-egy prescribed by the President pursuant to sec-tion 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043); ‘‘(ii) the most recent annual report of the Sec-retary of Defense submitted to the President and Congress pursuant to section 113 of this title; ‘‘(iii) the most recent defense strategic guid-ance provided by the Secretary of Defense pur-suant to section 113 of this title; and ‘‘(iv) any other national security or defense strategic guidance issued by the President or the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(D) At a minimum, each National Military Strategy (or update) submitted under this para-graph shall be a mechanism for— ‘‘(i) developing military ends, ways, and means to support the objectives referred to in subparagraph (C); ‘‘(ii) assessing strategic and military risks, and developing risk mitigation options; ‘‘(iii) establishing a strategic framework for the development of operational and contingency plans; ‘‘(iv) prioritizing joint force capabilities, ca-pacities, and resources; and ‘‘(v) establishing military guidance for the de-velopment of the joint force.’’. 
SEC. 906. MODIFICATION TO INDEPENDENT STUDY OF NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY FORMULATION PROCESS. 
Section 1064(b)(2) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 989) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding Congress,’’ after ‘‘Federal Govern-ment’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) The capabilities and limitations of the Department of Defense workforce responsible for conducting strategic planning, including rec-ommendations for improving the workforce through training, education, and career man-agement.’’. SEC. 907. TERM OF OFFICE FOR THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 152(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a term of two years’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting the following: ‘‘a term of four years, beginning on October 1 of a year that is three years following a year evenly divisible by four. The limitation of this paragraph on the length of term does not apply in time of war.’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘exceeds six years’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting the following: ‘‘exceeds eight years. The limitation of this paragraph does not apply in time of war.’’. (b) D
ELAYED EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amend-ments made by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2019. 
SEC. 908. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF RE-LATING TO OPERATIONS. 
Section 153(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph (4): ‘‘(4) A
DVICE ON OPERATIONS .—Advising— ‘‘(A) the President and the Secretary of De-fense on ongoing military operations; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary on the allocation and transfer of forces among geographic and func-tional combatant commands, as necessary, to address transregional, multi-domain, and multi- functional threats.’’. 
SEC. 909. ASSIGNED FORCES WITHIN THE CONTI-NENTAL UNITED STATES. 
Section 162(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by inserting after ‘‘of this title’’ the following: ‘‘, other forces within the continental United States that are directed by the Secretary of Defense to be assigned to a military department,’’; and (2) in paragraph (4), by inserting after ‘‘uni-fied combatant command’’ the following: ‘‘, other than forces within the continental United States that are directed by the Secretary to be assigned to a military department,’’. 
SEC. 910. REDUCTION IN GENERAL OFFICER AND FLAG OFFICER GRADES AND POSI-TIONS. 
(a) G RADE OF SERVICE OR FUNCTIONAL COM-
PONENT COMMANDER .—Section 164(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding after paragraph (4) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) The grade of an officer serving as a com-mander of a service or functional component command under a commander of a combatant command shall be no higher than lieutenant general or vice admiral.’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 164 of such title is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) a service component command is subordi-nate to the commander of a unified command and consists of the service component com-mander and the service forces (such as individ-uals, units, detachments, and organizations, in-cluding the support forces), as assigned by the Secretary of Defense, that have been assigned to that combatant commander; and ‘‘(2) a functional component command is a command normally, but not necessarily, com-posed of forces of two or more military depart-ments which may be established across the range of military operations to perform par-ticular operational missions that may be of short duration or may extend over a period of time.’’. (c) REDUCTION IN POSITIONS .— (1) R
EDUCTION .—The Secretary of Defense shall reduce the total number of officers in the grade of general or admiral on active duty by five positions. (2) R
EPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on how the Department of Defense plans to implement the reductions required by para-graph (1), including how to balance and reduce the total number of general officers and flag of-ficers in accordance with sections 525 and 526 of title 10, United States Code. (d) T
REATMENT OF CURRENT COMMANDERS .— An officer serving on the date of the enactment of this Act as a commander of a service or func-tional component command under a commander of a combatant command shall serve in that po-sition until the appointment of another officer in accordance with the amendment made by subsection (a). 
SEC. 911. ESTABLISHMENT OF UNIFIED COMBAT-ANT COMMAND FOR CYBER OPER-ATIONS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF CYBER COMMAND .— Chapter 6 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 169. Unified combatant command for cyber operations ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—With the advice and assistance of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the President, through the Secretary of Defense, shall establish under section 161 of this title a unified combatant command for cyber op-erations forces (hereinafter in this section re-ferred to as the ‘cyber command’). The principal function of the command is to prepare cyber op-erations forces to carry out assigned missions. ‘‘(b) A
SSIGNMENT OF FORCES .—Unless other-wise directed by the Secretary of Defense, all ac-tive and reserve cyber operations forces of the armed forces stationed in the United States shall be assigned to the cyber command. ‘‘(c) G
RADE OF COMMANDER .—The commander of the cyber operations command shall hold the grade of general or, in the case of an officer of the Navy, admiral while serving in that posi-tion, without vacating his permanent grade. The commander of such command shall be ap-pointed to that grade by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, for service in that position. ‘‘(d) C
OMMAND OF ACTIVITY OR MISSION .—(1) Unless otherwise directed by the President or the Secretary of Defense, a cyber operations ac-tivity or mission shall be conducted in coordina-tion with the command of the commander of the unified combatant command in whose geo-graphic area the activity or mission is to be con-ducted. ‘‘(2) The commander of the cyber command shall exercise command of a selected cyber oper-ations mission if directed to do so by the Presi-dent or the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORITY OF COMBATANT COM-
MANDER .—(1) In addition to the authority pre-scribed in section 164(c) of this title, the com-mander of the cyber command shall be respon-sible for, and shall have the authority to con-duct, all affairs of such command relating to cyber operations activities. ‘‘(2) The commander of such command shall be responsible for, and shall have the authority to conduct, the following functions relating to cyber operations activities (whether or not relat-ing to the cyber command): ‘‘(A) Developing strategy, doctrine, and tac-tics. ‘‘(B) Preparing and submitting to the Sec-retary of Defense program recommendations and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2509 May 17, 2016 
budget proposals for cyber operations forces and for other forces assigned to the cyber command. ‘‘(C) Exercising authority, direction, and con-trol over the expenditure of funds— ‘‘(i) for forces assigned directly to the cyber command; and ‘‘(ii) for cyber operations forces assigned to unified combatant commands other than the cyber command, with respect to all matters cov-ered by section 807 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 886; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) and, with respect to a matter not covered by such sec-tion, to the extent directed by the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(D) Training assigned forces. ‘‘(E) Conducting specialized courses of in-struction for commissioned and noncommis-sioned officers. ‘‘(F) Validating requirements. ‘‘(G) Establishing priorities for requirements. ‘‘(H) Ensuring the interoperability of equip-ment and forces. ‘‘(I) Formulating and submitting requirements for intelligence support. ‘‘(J) Monitoring the promotions, assignments, retention, training, and professional military education of cyber operations forces officers. ‘‘(3) The commander of the cyber command shall be responsible for— ‘‘(A) ensuring the combat readiness of forces assigned to the cyber command; and ‘‘(B) monitoring the preparedness to carry out assigned missions of cyber forces assigned to unified combatant commands other than the cyber command. ‘‘(C) The staff of the commander shall include an inspector general who shall conduct internal audits and inspections of purchasing and con-tracting actions through the cyber operations command and such other inspector general functions as may be assigned. ‘‘(f) I
NTELLIGENCE AND SPECIAL ACTIVITIES .— This section does not constitute authority to conduct any activity which, if carried out as an intelligence activity by the Department of De-fense, would require a notice to the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives under title V of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘169. Unified combatant command for cyber op-erations.’’. 
SEC. 912. REVISION OF REQUIREMENTS RELAT-ING TO LENGTH OF JOINT DUTY AS-SIGNMENTS. 
(a) M INIMUM LENGTH OF ASSIGNMENT .—Sec- tion 664(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘assignment—’’ and para-graphs (1) and (2) and inserting ‘‘ assignment shall not be less than two years.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO  I
NITIAL ASSIGNMENT OF CERTAIN OFFICERS AND  A
VERAGE TOUR LENGTHS .—Section 664 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subsections (c) and (e). (c) E
XCLUSIONS FROM TOURLENGTH .—Section 664(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking in subpara-graph (D) and inserting the following new sub-paragraph: ‘‘(D) a qualifying reassignment from a joint duty assignment as prescribed by the Secretary of Defense by regulation.’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). (d) F
ULLTOUR OF DUTY.—Section 664(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘prescribed in’’ and inserting ‘‘prescribed under’’; (2) by striking paragraphs (2) and (4); (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (5) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; and (4) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (4), and in that paragraph, by striking ‘‘, but not less than two years’’. (e) CONSTRUCTIVE CREDIT .—Section 664(h) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(1) The Secretary of Defense may accord’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of Defense may award’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2). (f) C
LERICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 664 of title 10, United States Code, is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d), (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (c), (d), (e), and (f), re-spectively; (2) in subsection (c), as redesignated, by strik-ing ‘‘subsection (f)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (d)(2)’’; (3) in subsection (d), as redesignated, by strik-ing ‘‘subsection (g)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; (4) in subsection (e), as redesignated, by strik-ing ‘‘ subsection (f)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘ sub-section (d)(2)’’; and (5) in subsection (f), as redesignated, by strik-ing ‘‘paragraphs (1), (2), and (4) of subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(1)’’. 
SEC. 913. REVISION OF DEFINITIONS USED FOR JOINT OFFICER MANAGEMENT. 
(a) D EFINITION OF JOINT MATTERS .—Para- graph (1) of section 668(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) In this chapter, the term ‘joint matters’ means matters related to any of the following: ‘‘(A) The development or achievement of stra-tegic objectives through the synchronization, co-ordination, and organization of integrated forces in operations conducted across domains, such as land, sea, or air, in space, or in the in-formation environment, including matters relat-ing to any of the following: ‘‘(i) National military strategy. ‘‘(ii) Strategic planning and contingency planning. ‘‘(iii) Command and control, intelligence, fires, movement and maneuver, protection or sustainment of operations under unified com-mand. ‘‘(iv) National security planning with other departments and agencies of the United States. ‘‘(v) Combined operations with military forces of allied nations. ‘‘(B) Acquisition matters conducted by mem-bers of the armed forces and covered under chapter 87 of this title involved in developing, testing, contracting, producing, or fielding of multi-service programs or systems. ‘‘(C) Other matters designated in regulation by the Secretary of Defense in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF INTEGRATED FORCES .—Sec- tion 668(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (1) by striking ‘‘integrated military forces’’ and inserting ‘‘integrated forces’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘the planning or execution (or both) of operations involving’’ and inserting ‘‘achieving unified action with’’. (c) D
EFINITION OF JOINT DUTYASSIGNMENT .— Section 668(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(A) shall be limited to assignments in which— ‘‘(i) the preponderance of the duties of the of-ficer involve joint matters and ‘‘(ii) the officer gains significant experience in joint matters; and’’. (d) R
EPEAL OF DEFINITION OF CRITICAL OCCU-
PATIONAL SPECIALITY .—Section 668 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking sub-section (d). 
SEC. 914. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF COM-BATANT COMMAND STRUCTURE. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall enter into a con-tract with an independent entity with appro-priate expertise to conduct an assessment on combatant command structure, and to provide recommendations for improving the overall ef-fectiveness of combatant command structures. (b) ELEMENTS .—The assessment shall include an examination of the following: (1) The evolution of combatant command re-quirements and resources over the last 15 years of conflict. (2) The organization, composition, and size of combatant commands. (3) The resources of combatant commands, in-cluding the degree to which combatant com-mands are adequately resourced and the degree to which combatant command requirements for forces are met. (4) The benefits, drawbacks, and resource im-plications of eliminating, consolidating, or alter-ing the structure of combatant commands. (5) A comparison of combatant command structures with alternative structures, including Joint Task Force or task-organized forces below the combatant command level. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the findings and recommendations of the inde-pendent entity. Subtitle B—Other Matters 
SEC. 921. MODIFICATIONS TO CORROSION RE-PORT. 
(a) M ODIFICATIONS TO REPORT TO CON-
GRESS .—Section 2228(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting after ‘‘2009’’ the following: ‘‘and ending with the budget submitted on or before January 31, 2021’’; (2) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) The estimated composite return on in-vestment achieved by implementing the strategy, and documented in the assessments by the De-partment of Defense of completed corrosion projects and activities.’’; (3) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as follows: ‘‘(D) If the full amount of funding require-ments is not requested in the budget, the reasons for not including the full amount and a descrip-tion of the impact on readiness, logistics, and safety of not fully funding required corrosion prevention and mitigation activities’’; and (4) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘pilot’’. (b) R
EPORT TO DIRECTOR OF CORROSION POL-
ICY AND OVERSIGHT .—Section 2228(e)(2) of such title is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘Each report’’; (2) by striking ‘‘a copy of’’ and all that fol-lows through the period and inserting ‘‘a sum-mary of the most recent report required by sub-paragraph (B)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) Not later than December 31 of each year, through December 31, 2020, the corrosion control and prevention executive of a military depart-ment shall submit to the Director of Corrosion Policy and Oversight a report containing rec-ommendations pertaining to the corrosion con-trol and prevention program of the military de-partment. Such report shall include rec-ommendations for the funding levels necessary for the executive to carry out the duties of the executive under this section. The report required under this subparagraph shall— ‘‘(i) provide a summary of key accomplish-ments, goals, and objectives of the corrosion control and prevention program of the military department; and ‘‘(ii) include the performance measures used to ensure that the corrosion control and prevention program achieved the goals and objectives de-scribed in clause (i).’’. (c) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 903(b) of Public Law 110–417 (10 U.S.C. 2228 note) is amended by striking paragraph (5). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2510 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 922. AUTHORITY TO EMPLOY CIVILIAN FAC-ULTY MEMBERS AT JOINT SPECIAL OPERATIONS UNIVERSITY. 
Section 1595(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) The Joint Special Operations Univer-sity.’’. 
SEC. 923. GUIDELINES FOR CONVERSION OF FUNCTIONS PERFORMED BY CIVIL-IAN OR CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL TO PERFORMANCE BY MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
Section 129a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) G
UIDELINES FOR PERFORMANCE OF CER-
TAIN FUNCTIONS BY MILITARY PERSONNEL .—(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), no func-tions performed by civilian personnel or contrac-tors may be converted to performance by mili-tary personnel unless— ‘‘(A) there is a direct link between the func-tions to be performed and a military occupa-tional specialty; and ‘‘(B) the conversion to performance by mili-tary personnel is cost effective, based on Depart-ment of Defense instruction 7041.04 (or any suc-cessor administrative regulation, directive, or policy). ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the fol-lowing functions: ‘‘(A) Functions required by law or regulation to be performed by military personnel. ‘‘(B) Functions related to— ‘‘(i) missions involving operation risks and combatant status under the Law of War; ‘‘(ii) specialized collective and individual training requiring military-unique knowledge and skills based on recent operational experi-ence; ‘‘(iii) independent advice to senior civilian leadership in the Department of Defense requir-ing military-unique knowledge and skills based on recent operational experience; and ‘‘(iv) command and control arrangements under chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice).’’. 
SEC. 924. PUBLIC RELEASE BY INSPECTORS GEN-ERAL OF REPORTS OF MISCONDUCT. 
(a) R ELEASE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE  D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ADMINISTRATIVE MIS-
CONDUCT REPORTS .—Section 141 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) Within 60 days after issuing a final re-port, the Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall publicly release any reports of ad-ministrative investigations that confirm mis-conduct, including violations of Federal law and violations of policies of the Department of Defense, of members of the Senior Executive Service, individuals who are employed in posi-tions of a confidential or policy-determining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations, or commissioned officers in the Armed Forces in pay grades O–6 promotable and above. In releas-ing the reports, the Inspector General shall en-sure that information that would be protected under section 552 of title 5 (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’), section 552a of title 5 (commonly known as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’), or section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is not disclosed.’’. (b) R
ELEASE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE  A
RMYADMINISTRATIVE MISCONDUCT REPORTS .— Section 3020 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) Within 60 days after issuing a final re-port, the Inspector General of the Army shall publicly release any reports of administrative investigations that confirm misconduct, includ-ing violations of Federal law and violations of policies of the Department of Defense, of mem-bers of the Senior Executive Service, individuals who are employed in positions of a confidential or policy-determining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations, or commissioned officers in the Armed Forces in pay grades O–6 promot-able and above. In releasing the reports, the In-spector General shall ensure that information that would be protected under section 552 of title 5 (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of In-formation Act’), section 552a of title 5 (com-monly known as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’), or section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is not disclosed.’’. (c) RELEASE OF NAVAL INSPECTOR GENERAL  A
DMINISTRATIVE MISCONDUCT REPORTS .—Sec- tion 5020 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) Within 60 days after issuing a final re-port, the Naval Inspector General shall publicly release any reports of administrative investiga-tions that confirm misconduct, including viola-tions of Federal law and violations of policies of the Department of Defense, of members of the Senior Executive Service, individuals who are employed in positions of a confidential or pol-icy-determining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations, or commissioned officers in the Armed Forces in pay grades O–6 promotable and above. In releasing the reports, the Naval Inspector General shall ensure that information that would be protected under section 552 of title 5 (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of In-formation Act’), section 552a of title 5 (com-monly known as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’), or section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is not disclosed.’’. (d) R
ELEASE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE  A
IRFORCE ADMINISTRATIVE MISCONDUCT RE-
PORTS .—Section 8020 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) Within 60 days after issuing a final re-port, the Inspector General of the Air Force shall publicly release any reports of administra-tive investigations that confirm misconduct, in-cluding violations of Federal law and violations of policies of the Department of Defense, of members of the Senior Executive Service, indi-viduals who are employed in positions of a con-fidential or policy-determining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations, or commis-sioned officers in the Armed Forces in pay grades O–6 promotable and above. In releasing the reports, the Inspector General shall ensure that information that would be protected under section 552 of title 5 (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’), section 552a of title 5 (commonly known as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’), or section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is not disclosed.’’. 
SEC. 925. MODIFICATIONS TO REQUIREMENTS FOR ACCOUNTING FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE CIVILIAN EM-PLOYEES LISTED AS MISSING. 
(a) L IMITATION OF DEFENSE POW/MIA A C-
COUNTING AGENCY TO MISSING PERSONS FROM P
ASTCONFLICTS .—Section 1501(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(A), by inserting ‘‘from past conflicts’’ after ‘‘matters relating to missing persons’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking subparagraph (A); (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), (E), and (F) as subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), (D), and (E), respectively; and (C) by inserting ‘‘from past conflicts’’ after ‘‘missing persons’’ each place it appears; (3) in paragraph (4)— (A) by striking ‘‘for personal recovery (includ-ing search, rescue, escape, and evasion) and’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘from past conflicts’’ after ‘‘missing persons’’; and (4) by striking paragraph (5). (b) A
CTION UPONDISCOVERY OR RECEIPT OF  I
NFORMATION .—Section 1505(c) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘designated Agency Direc-tor’’ in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) and insert-ing ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’. (c) DEFINITION OF ‘‘ACCOUNTED FOR ’’.—Sec- tion 1513(3)(B) of such title is amended by in-serting ‘‘to the extent practicable’’ after ‘‘are re-covered’’. Subtitle C—Department of the Navy and Marine Corps 
SEC. 931. REDESIGNATION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY AS THE DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY AND MARINE CORPS. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION OF MILITARY DEPART -
MENT .—The military department designated as the Department of the Navy is redesignated as the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps. (b) R
EDESIGNATION OF SECRETARY AND OTHER S
TATUTORY OFFICES .— (1) S
ECRETARY .—The position of the Secretary of the Navy is redesignated as the Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps. (2) O
THER STATUTORY OFFICES .—The positions of the Under Secretary of the Navy, the four As-sistant Secretaries of the Navy, and the General Counsel of the Department of the Navy are re-designated as the Under Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps, the Assistant Secretaries of the Navy and Marine Corps, and the General Counsel of the Department of the Navy and Ma-rine Corps, respectively. 
SEC. 932. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ‘‘MILITARY DEPART -
MENT ’’.—Paragraph (8) of section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(8) The term ‘military department’ means the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps, and the Department of the Air Force.’’. (b) O
RGANIZATION OF DEPARTMENT .—The text of section 5011 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘The Department of the Navy and Marine Corps is separately organized under the Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps.’’. (c) P
OSITION OF SECRETARY .—Section 5013(a)(1) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘There is a Secretary of the Navy’’ and insert-ing ‘‘There is a Secretary of the Navy and Ma-rine Corps’’. (d) C
HAPTER HEADINGS .— (1) The heading of chapter 503 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘CHAPTER 503—DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY AND MARINE CORPS’’. (2) The heading of chapter 507 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘CHAPTER 507—COMPOSITION OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF THE NAVY AND MARINE CORPS’’. (e) O
THER AMENDMENTS .— (1) Title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Department of the Navy’’ and ‘‘Sec-retary of the Navy’’ each place they appear other than as specified in subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) (including in section headings, sub-section captions, tables of chapters, and tables of sections) and inserting ‘‘Department of the Navy and Marine Corps’’ and ‘‘Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps’’, respectively, in each case with the matter inserted to be in the same typeface and typestyle as the matter stricken. (2)(A) Sections 5013(f), 5014(b)(2), 5016(a), 5017(2), 5032(a), and 5042(a) of such title are amended by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretaries of the Navy’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretaries of the Navy and Marine Corps’’. (B) The heading of section 5016 of such title, and the item relating to such section in the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 503 of such title, are each amended by inserting ‘‘and Marine Corps’’ after ‘‘of the Navy’’, with the matter inserted in each case to be in the same typeface and typestyle as the matter amended. 
SEC. 933. OTHER PROVISIONS OF LAW AND OTHER REFERENCES. 
(a) T ITLE 37, U NITED STATES CODE.—Title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘De-partment of the Navy’’ and ‘‘Secretary of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2511 May 17, 2016 
Navy’’ each place they appear and inserting ‘‘Department of the Navy and Marine Corps’’ and ‘‘Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps’’, respectively. (b) O
THER REFERENCES .—Any reference in any law other than in title 10 or title 37, United States Code, or in any regulation, document, record, or other paper of the United States, to the Department of the Navy shall be considered to be a reference to the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps. Any such reference to an of-fice specified in section 2(b) shall be considered to be a reference to that officer as redesignated by that section. 
SEC. 934. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This subtitle and the amendments made by this subtitle shall take effect on the first day of the first month beginning more than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1001. GENERAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO TRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this division for fiscal year 2017 between any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any sub-divisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be avail-able for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. (2) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in para-graph (3), the total amount of authorizations that the Secretary may transfer under the au-thority of this section may not exceed $5,000,000,000. (3) E
XCEPTION FOR TRANSFERS BETWEEN MILI -
TARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS .—A transfer of funds between military personnel authoriza-tions under title IV shall not be counted toward the dollar limitation in paragraph (2). (b) L
IMITATIONS .—The authority provided by subsection (a) to transfer authorizations— (1) may only be used to provide authority for items that have a higher priority than the items from which authority is transferred; and (2) may not be used to provide authority for an item that has been denied authorization by Congress. (c) E
FFECT ON AUTHORIZATION AMOUNTS .—A transfer made from one account to another under the authority of this section shall be deemed to increase the amount authorized for the account to which the amount is transferred by an amount equal to the amount transferred. (d) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall promptly notify Congress of each transfer made under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1002. REQUIREMENT TO TRANSFER FUNDS FROM DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVEL-OPMENT FUND TO THE TREASURY. 
(a) T RANSFER REQUIRED .—During fiscal year 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall transfer, from amounts available in the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund from amounts credited to the Fund pursu-ant to section 1705(d)(2) of title 10, United States Code, $475,000,000 to the Secretary of the Treas-ury for deposit in the general fund of the Treas-ury. (b) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—The transfer au-thority provided by this section is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act. Subtitle B—Counter-Drug Activities 
SEC. 1011. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PRO-VIDE ADDITIONAL SUPPORT FOR COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES OF FOR-EIGN GOVERNMENTS. 
Section 1033(a)(2) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85; 111 Stat. 1881), as most recently amended by section 1012 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 963), is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. SEC. 1012. SECRETARY OF DEFENSE REVIEW OF CURRICULA AND PROGRAM STRUC-TURES OF NATIONAL GUARD COUNTERDRUG SCHOOLS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 901 of the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469; 32 U.S.C. 112 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) through (g) as subsections (f) through (h), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) C
URRICULUM REVIEW .—The Secretary of Defense may review and approve the curriculum and program structure of each school estab-lished under this section.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Subsection (d)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘section 112(b) of that title 32’’ and inserting ‘‘section 112(b) of title 32’’. 
SEC. 1013. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO SUP-PORT UNIFIED COUNTERDRUG AND COUNTERTERRORISM CAMPAIGN IN COLOMBIA. 
Section 1021 of the Ronald W. Reagan Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 2042), as most recently amended by section 1011(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 962 ), is further amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. Subtitle C—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
SEC. 1021. DEFINITION OF SHORT-TERM WORK WITH RESPECT TO OVERHAUL, RE-PAIR, OR MAINTENANCE OF NAVAL VESSELS. 
Section 7299a(c)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘six months’’ and inserting ‘‘10 months’’. 
SEC. 1022. WARRANTY REQUIREMENTS FOR SHIP-BUILDING CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 7318. Warranty requirements for ship-building contracts ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT .—A contracting officer for a contract for which funds are expended from the Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy account shall require, as a condition of the contract, that the work performed under the contract is covered by a warranty for a period of at least one year. ‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—If the contracting officer for a contract covered by the requirement under sub-section (a) determines that a limited liability of warranted work is in the best interest of the Government, the contracting officer may agree to limit the liability of the work performed under the contract to a level that the con-tracting officer determines is sufficient to pro-tect the interests of the Government and in keeping with historical levels of warranted work on similar vessels.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘7318. Warranty requirements for shipbuilding contracts.’’. 
SEC. 1023. NATIONAL SEA-BASED DETERRENCE FUND. 
(a) T RANSFER AUTHORITY .—Section 1022(b)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3487), as amended by section 1022(b) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92), is further amend-ed by striking ‘‘or 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2017, or 2018’’. (b) AUTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT  
OFCRITICAL COMPONENTS TO SUPPORT CONTIN -
UOUS PRODUCTION .—Section 2218a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (i) and (j) as subsections (j) and (k), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-lowing new subsection (i): ‘‘(i) A
UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT OF CRITICAL COMPONENTS TO SUPPORT  C
ONTINUOUS PRODUCTION .—(1) To implement the continuous production of critical compo-nents, the Secretary of the Navy may use funds deposited in the Fund, in conjunction with funds appropriated for the procurement of other nuclear-powered vessels, to enter into one or more multiyear contracts (including economic ordering quantity contracts), for the procure-ment of critical contractor-furnished and Gov-ernment-furnished components for national sea- based deterrence vessels. The authority under this subsection extends to the procurement of equivalent critical parts, components, systems, and subsystems common with and required for other nuclear-powered vessels. ‘‘(2) Any contract entered into pursuant to paragraph (1) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of ap-propriations for that purpose and that the total liability to the Government for the termination of the contract shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated for the contract as of the date of the termination.’’. (c) D
EFINITION OF NATIONAL SEA-BASED DE-
TERRENCE VESSEL .—Subsection (k)(2) of such section, as redesignated by subsection (b), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘any vessel’’ and inserting ‘‘any submersible vessel constructed or pur-chased after fiscal year 2016 that is’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘that carries’’. 
SEC. 1024. AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR RETIRE-MENT OR INACTIVATION OF TICON-DEROGA-CLASS CRUISERS OR DOCK LANDING SHIPS. 
(a) L IMITATION ON RETIREMENT OR INACTIVA -
TION.—None of the funds authorized to be ap-propriated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 may be obligated or expended— (1) to retire, prepare to retire, or inactivate a cruiser or dock landing ship; or (2) to place in a modernization status more than six cruisers and one dock landing ship identified in section 1026(a)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3490). (b) H
ULL, M ECHANICAL , AND ELECTRICAL  M
ODERNIZATION .—Not more than 75 percent of the funds made available for the Office of the Secretary of Defense for fiscal year 2017 may be obligated until the Secretary of the Navy— (1) enters into a contract for the moderniza-tion industrial period associated with four cruis-ers and one dock landing ship referred to in sec-tion 1026(a)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3490); and (2) enters into a contract for the procurement of combat systems upgrades associated with six such cruisers and one such dock landing ship. 
SEC. 1025. RESTRICTIONS ON THE OVERHAUL AND REPAIR OF VESSELS IN FOR-EIGN SHIPYARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7310(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), in the case’’; (2) by striking ‘‘during the 15-month’’ and all that follows through ‘‘United States)’’; (3) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, other than in the case of voy-age repairs’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2512 May 17, 2016 
(4) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) The Secretary of the Navy may waive the application of subparagraph (A) to a contract award if the Secretary determines that the waiv-er is essential to the national security interests of the United States.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the later of the following dates: (1) The date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. (2) October 1, 2017. Subtitle D—Counterterrorism 
SEC. 1031. FREQUENCY OF COUNTERTERRORISM OPERATIONS BRIEFINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 485 of title 10, United States Code is amended by striking ‘‘quarterly’’ and inserting ‘‘monthly’’. (b) S
ECTION HEADING .—The section heading for such section is amended by striking ‘‘ Quar- terly’’ and inserting ‘‘Monthly’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 23 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 485 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘485. Monthly counterterrorism operations brief-ings.’’. 
SEC. 1032. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF INDIVID-UALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA TO THE UNITED STATES. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used during the period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2017, to transfer, re-lease, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or pos-sessions of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after January 20, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 1033. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CONSTRUCT OR MODIFY FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2017, to construct or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at Guantanamo for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense unless authorized by Congress. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facili-ties at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. (c) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘individual detained at Guantanamo’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1034(f)(2) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 971; 10 U.S. C. 801 note). 
SEC. 1034. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OR RELEASE TO CERTAIN COUNTRIES OF INDIVIDUALS DE-TAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used during the period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2017, to transfer, re-lease, or assist in the transfer or release of any individual detained in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of any country, or any entity within such country, as follows: (1) Libya. (2) Somalia. (3) Syria. (4) Yemen. SEC. 1035. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR REALIGNMENT OF FORCES AT OR CLOSURE OF UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 may be used— (1) to close or abandon United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; (2) to relinquish control of Guantanamo Bay to the Republic of Cuba; or (3) to implement a material modification to the Treaty Between the United States of America and Cuba signed at Washington, D.C. on May 29, 1934, that constructively closes United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. 
SEC. 1036. MODIFICATION OF CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION OF SENSITIVE MILI-TARY OPERATIONS. 
Section 130f of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘no later than 48 hours’’ after ‘‘under this title’’; and (B) in the second sentence, by inserting ‘‘and the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017’’ before the period at the end; and (2) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) S
ENSITIVE MILITARY OPERATION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘sensitive mili-tary operation’ means an operation— ‘‘(1) conducted by the United States armed forces outside the United States, whether con-ducted by the United States acting alone or co-operatively; ‘‘(2) conducted pursuant to— ‘‘(A) the Authorization for the Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541); or ‘‘(B) any other authority except— ‘‘(i) a declaration of war; or ‘‘(ii) a specific statutory authorization for the use of force other than the authorization re-ferred to in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(3) conducted outside a theater of major hos-tilities; and ‘‘(4) that is either— ‘‘(A) a lethal operation; ‘‘(B) a capture operation; or ‘‘(C) an activity of self-defense, collective self defense, or in defense of a foreign partner dur-ing a cooperative operation.’’. 
SEC. 1037. COMPREHENSIVE STRATEGY FOR DE-TENTION OF CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than July 19, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Attorney General and the Director of National Intelligence, submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report setting forth the details of a comprehensive strategy for the detention of current and future individuals cap-tured and held pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40) pending the end of hostilities. (b) C
OMPREHENSIVE STRATEGY .—The com-prehensive detention strategy required by sub-section (a) shall contain the following: (1) A policy and plan applicable to individuals lawfully detained under the effective control of the United States. (2) A description of how intelligence informa-tion is currently gathered from individuals cap-tured in theaters of combat operation. (3) A plan for the disposition of individuals captured in the future. (4) A description of how the United States will acquire intelligence information in the future. (5) A plan for the disposition of individuals held pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force who are currently detained at the United States Naval Base, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (c) FORM.—The comprehensive detention strategy required under subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; (2) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations 
SEC. 1041. EXPANDED AUTHORITY FOR TRANS-PORTATION BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OF NON-DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PERSONNEL AND CARGO. 
(a) T RANSPORTATION OF ALLIED AND CIVILIAN  P
ERSONNEL AND CARGO .—Subsection (c) of sec-tion 2649 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
ERSONNEL ’’ and inserting ‘‘ ANDCIVILIAN PER-
SONNEL AND CARGO ’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Until January 6, 2016, when’’ and inserting ‘‘When’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘allied forces or civilians’’, and inserting ‘‘allied and civilian personnel and cargo’’. (b) C
OMMERCIAL INSURANCE .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) C
OMMERCIAL INSURANCE .—The Secretary may enter into a contract or other arrangement with one or more commercial providers to make insurance products available to non-Department of Defense shippers using the Defense Transpor-tation System to insure against the loss or dam-age of the shipper’s cargo. Any such contract or arrangement shall provide that— ‘‘(1) any insurance premium is collected by the commercial provider; ‘‘(2) any claim for loss or damage is processed and paid by the commercial provider; ‘‘(3) the commercial provider agrees to hold the United States harmless and waive any re-course against the United States for amounts paid to an insured as a result of a claim; and ‘‘(4) the contract between the commercial pro-vider and the insured shall contain a provision whereby the insured waives any claim against the United States for loss or damage that is within the scope of enumerated risks covered by the insurance product.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING CROSS-REFERENCE AMEND -
MENTS .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘this section’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’. 
SEC. 1042. LIMITATION ON RETIREMENT, DEACTI-VATION, OR DECOMMISSIONING OF MINE COUNTERMEASURES SHIPS. 
Section 1090 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 111–92; 129 Stat. 1016) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON RETIREMENT OF MCM S
HIPS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of the Navy for fiscal year 2017 may be obligated or ex-pended to retire, deactivate, decommission, to prepare to retire, deactivate, decommission, or to place in storage backup inventory or reduced operating status any MCM-1 class ship. ‘‘(2) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy may waive the limitation under paragraph (1) with respect to any MCM-1 class ship if the Sec-retary provides to the congressional defense committees certification that the operational test 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2513 May 17, 2016 
and evaluation for replacement capabilities for the ship is complete and such capabilities are available in sufficient quantities to ensure suffi-cient mine countermeasures capacity is avail-able to meet requirements as set forth in the Join Strategic Capabilities Plan, the campaign plans of the combatant commanders, and the Navy’s Force Structure Assessment. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—The first time the Secretary of the Navy exercises the waiver authority under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— ‘‘(i) the recommendations of the Secretary re-garding MCM force structure; ‘‘(ii) the recommendations of the Secretary re-garding how to ensure the operational effective-ness of the surface MCM force through 2025 based on current capabilities and capacity, re-placement schedules, and service life extensions or retirement schedules; ‘‘(iii) an assessment of the MCM vessels, in-cluding the decommissioned MCM-1 and MCM- 2 ships and the potential of such ships for re-serve operating status; and ‘‘(iv) an assessment of the Littoral Combat Ship MCM mission package increment one per-formance against the initial operational test and evaluation criteria.’’. 
SEC. 1043. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY OF SEC-RETARY OF TRANSPORTATION TO ISSUE NON-PREMIUM AVIATION IN-SURANCE. 
Section 44310(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1044. EVALUATION OF NAVY ALTERNATE COMBINATION COVER AND UNISEX COMBINATION COVER. 
(a) M ANDATORY POSSESSION OR WEARDATE.— The Secretary of the Navy shall change the mandatory possession or wear date of the alter-nate combination cover or the unisex combina-tion cover from October 31, 2016, to October 31, 2020. (b) E
VALUATION AND REPORT .—The Secretary of the Navy may not implement or enforce any change to Navy female service dress uniforms until the Secretary submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives a report on the evaluation of the Navy female service dress uniforms. Such eval-uation shall include each of the following: (1) An identification of the operational need addressed by the alternate combination cover or the unisex combination cover. (2) An assessment of the individual cost of service dress uniform items to members of the Armed Forces as a percentage of their monthly pay. (3) The composition of each uniform item’s wear test group. (4) An identification of the costs to the Navy and to individual members of the Armed Forces for uniform changes identified in the Navy ad-ministrative message 236/15 dated October 9, 2015. (5) The opinions of female members of the Navy active and reserve components. 
SEC. 1045. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROTEC-TION OF NATIONAL SECURITY SPEC-TRUM. 
(a) E VALUATION .—The Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly evaluate— (1) the statutory and regulatory options avail-able to the Secretary and the Chairman to pro-tect critical test and training capability in the event of spectrum auctions affecting frequencies used by the Department of Defense; and (2) the utility, effect, and limitation, if any, of section 1062 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 767). (b) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary and the Chairman shall submit to the congressional defense committees the evaluation under subsection (a), including any rec-ommendations of the Secretary and the Chair-man for additional statutory or regulatory op-tions that would enhance the ability of the Sec-retary and the Chairman to protect national se-curity equities. SEC. 1046. TRANSPORTATION ON MILITARY AIR-CRAFT ON A SPACE-AVAILABLE BASIS FOR MEMBERS AND FORMER MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WITH DISABILITIES RATED AS TOTAL. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF TRANSPORTATION .—Sec- tion 2641b of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL PRIORITY FOR CERTAIN DISABLED  V
ETERANS .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall provide transportation on scheduled and un-scheduled military flights within the continental United States and on scheduled overseas flights operated by the Air Mobility Command on a space-available basis for any member or former member of the armed forces with a disability rated as total on the same basis as such trans-portation is provided to members of the armed forces entitled to retired or retainer pay. ‘‘(2) The transportation priority required by paragraph (1) for veterans described in such paragraph applies whether or not the Secretary establishes the travel program authorized by this section. ‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘disability rated as total’ has the meanings given that term in section 1414(e)(3) of this title.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (f) of section 2641b of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall take effect at the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1047. NATIONAL GUARD FLYOVERS OF PUB-LIC EVENTS. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It shall be the policy of the Department of Defense that fly-overs of public events in support of community relations activities may only be flown as part of an approved training mission at no additional expense to the Federal Government. (b) N
ATIONAL GUARD FLYOVER APPROVAL  P
ROCESS .—The Adjutant General of a State in which an Army National Guard or Air National Guard unit is based will be the approval author-ity for all Air National Guard and Army Na-tional Guard flyovers in that State, including any request for a flyover in any civilian domain at a nonaviation related event. (c) F
LYOVER RECORD MAINTENANCE ; R E-
PORT.— (1) R
ECORD MAINTENANCE .—The Secretary of Defense shall keep and maintain records of fly-over requests and approvals in a publicly acces-sible database that is updated annually. (2) GAO 
REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate a report on fly-overs and the process whereby flyover requests are made and evaluated, including— (A) whether there is any cost to taxpayers as-sociated with flyovers; (B) whether there is any appreciable public relations or recruitment value that comes from flyovers; and (C) the impact flyovers have to aviator train-ing and readiness. (d) F
LYOVER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘flyover’’ means aviation support— (1) in which a straight and level flight limited to one pass by a single military aircraft, or by a single formation of four or fewer military air-craft of the same type, from the same military department over a predetermined point on the ground at a specific time; (2) that does not involve aerobatics or dem-onstrations; and (3) uses bank angles of up to 90 degrees if re-quired to improve the spectator visibility of the aircraft. Subtitle F—Studies and Reports SEC. 1061. TEMPORARY CONTINUATION OF CER-TAIN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RE-PORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) E XCEPTIONS TO REPORTS TERMINATION  P
ROVISION .—Section 1080 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1000; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) does not apply to any report required to be submitted to Congress by the Department of De-fense, or by any officer, official, component, or element of the Department, pursuant to a provi-sion of law specified in this section, notwith-standing the enactment of the reporting require-ment by an annual national defense authoriza-tion Act or the inclusion of the report in the list of reports prepared by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (c) of such section 1080. (b) F
INAL TERMINATION DATE FOR SUBMITTAL  
OFEXEMPTED REPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), each report required pursuant to a provision of law specified in this section that is still required to be submitted to Congress as of January 31, 2021, shall no longer be required to be submitted to Congress after that date. (2) R
EPORTS EXEMPTED FROM TERMINATION .— The termination dates specified in paragraph (1) and section 1080 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 do not apply to the following: (A) The submission of the reports on the Na-tional Military Strategy and Risk Assessment under section 153(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code. (B) The submission of the future-years defense program (including associated annexes) under section 221 of title 10, United States Code. (C) The submission of the future-years mission budget for the military programs of the Depart-ment of Defense under section 221 of such title. (D) The submission of audits of contracting compliance by the Inspector General of the De-partment of Defense under section 1601(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2533a note) (c) R
EPORTS REQUIRED BY TITLE 10, U NITED  S
TATES CODE.—Subject to subsection (b), sub-section (a) applies to reporting requirements contained in the following sections of title 10, United States Code: (1) Section 127b(f), relating to a report on the administration of Department of Defense re-wards program against international terrorism. (2) Section 127d(d), relating to a report on pro-vision of logistic support, supplies, and services to allied forces participating in combined oper-ations. (3) Section 139(h), relating to a report on oper-ational test and evaluation activities of the De-partment of Defense, including the report com-ponent required by section 2399(g) on oper-ational test and evaluation of defense acquisi-tion programs. (4) Section 139b(d), relating to a report on ac-tivities of the Deputy Assistant Secretary of De-fense for Developmental Test and Evaluation. (5) Sections 153(c), relating to a report on the requirements of the combatant commands. (6) Section 179(f), relating to reports and as-sessments regarding nuclear stockpile and stock-pile stewardship program. (7) Section 196(d), relating to a report on the strategic plan reflecting the needs of the Depart-ment of Defense with respect to test and evalua-tion facilities and resources. (8) Section 229, relating to submission of budg-et information regarding Department of Defense programs for combating terrorism. (9) Section 231, relating to submission of naval vessel construction plan and related certifi-cation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2514 May 17, 2016 
(10) Section 238, relating to submission of a budget justification display regarding cyber mis-sion forces. (11) Section 401(d), relating to a report on the provision of humanitarian and civic assistance in conjunction with military operations. (12) Section 494(b), relating to a report on the nuclear weapons stockpile of the United States. (13) Section 526(j), relating to a report on gen-eral officer and flag officer numbers. (14) Section 981(c), relating to a report on en-listed aide numbers. (15) Section 1557(e), relating to a report on any failure to achieve timeliness standard for disposition of applications before Corrections Boards. (16) Section 2011(e), relating to a report on training of special operations forces with friend-ly foreign forces. (17) Section 2166(i), relating to a report on the activities of the Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Cooperation. (18) Section 2218(h), relating to submission of budget requests for the National Defense Sealift Fund. (19) Section 2228(e), relating to a report on the long-term strategy and related matters regard-ing reducing corrosion and its effects on mili-tary equipment and infrastructure. (20) Section 2229a, relating to a report on the status of materiel in the prepositioned stocks. (21) Section 2249c(c), relating to a report on the administration of the Regional Defense Combating Terrorism Fellowship Program. (22) Section 2275, relating to reports on major satellite acquisition programs, including report updates under subsection (f) of such section. (23) Section 2276(e), relating to a report on the funds, services, and equipment accepted and used in connection with commercial space launch cooperation. (24) Section 2445b, relating to submission of budget justification documents regarding major automated information system programs and other major information technology investment programs. (25) Section 2464(d), relating to a report on core depot-level maintenance and repair capa-bilities. (26) Section 2466(d), relating to a report on ex-penditures for performance of depot-level main-tenance and repair workloads. (27) Section 2561(c), relating to a report on the use of humanitarian assistance for providing transportation of humanitarian relief and for other humanitarian purposes. (28) Section 2684a(g), relating to a report on projects undertaken under agreements to limit encroachments and other constraints on mili-tary training, testing, and operations. (29) Section 2687a, relating to reports on the status of overseas closures and realignments and master plans, expenditures from the Department of Defense Overseas Facility Investment Recov-ery Account, and agreement of settlement with host countries regarding the release of facility improvements made by the United States. (30) Section 2711, relating to a report on de-fense environmental programs. (31) Sections 2831(e) and 2884(b)(4), relating to reports on quarters for general or flag officers. (32) Sections 2884(b) and (c), relating to re-ports on the Department of Defense Housing Funds, provision of a basic allowance for hous-ing to members of the Armed Forces living in military privatized housing, plans for housing privatization activities, and the status of over-sight and accountability measures for military housing privatization projects. (33) Section 2912(d), relating to a statement of the energy cost savings available for obligation. (34) Section 2925, relating to reports on De-partment of Defense energy management and operational energy. (35) Section 4721(e), relating to submission of a budget request and related materials regarding Army National Military Cemeteries. (36) Section 7310(c), relating to a report on re-pairs and maintenance performed on certain naval vessels in a foreign shipyard. (37) Section 10541, relating to a report on equipment of the National Guard and other re-serve components. (38) Section 10543, relating to a component of the future-years defense program regarding Na-tional Guard and other reserve components equipment procurement and military construc-tion funding and associated annexes and report. (d) R
EPORTS REQUIRED BY NATIONAL DEFENSE  A
UTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR2015.— Subject to subsection (b), subsection (a) applies to reporting requirements contained in the fol-lowing sections of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291): (1) Section 232(e) (10 U.S.C. 2358 note), relat-ing to a report on the pilot program on assign-ment to the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency of certain private sector personnel. (2) Section 546(d) (10 U.S.C. 1561 note), relat-ing to a report on activities of the Defense Advi-sory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces. (3) Section 1003 (10 U.S.C. 221 note), relating to reporting of balances carried forward by the Department of Defense at the end of each fiscal year. (4) Section 1026(d) (128 Stat. 3490), relating to a report on the status of the modernization of Ticonderoga-class cruisers and dock landing ships. (5) Section 1055 (128 Stat. 3498), relating to a report on the Air Force response to the rec-ommendations of the National Commission on the Structure of the Air Force. (6) Section 1204(b) (10 U.S.C. 2249e note), re-lating to a report on administration of section 2249e of title 10, United States Code. (7) Section 1205(e) (128 Stat. 3537), relating to a report on the assessment of programs carried out under section 2282(f) of title 10, United States Code. (8) Section 1206(e) (10 U.S.C. 2282 note), relat-ing to a report on the training of security forces and associated security ministries of foreign countries to promote respect for the rule of law and human rights. (9) Section 1207(d) (10 U.S.C. 2342 note), relat-ing to a report on loan of personnel protection and personnel survivability equipment to mili-tary forces of foreign nations. (10) Section 1211 (128 Stat. 3544), relating to a report on programs carried out by the Depart-ment of Defense to provide training, equipment, or other assistance or reimbursement to foreign security forces. (11) Section 1225 (128 Stat. 3550), relating to a report on enhancing security and stability in Afghanistan. (12) Section 1245 (128 Stat. 3566), relating to a report on military and security developments in-volving the Russian Federation. (13) Section 2821(a)(3) (10 U.S.C. 2687 note), relating to notice of any adjustment to the fund-ing limitation on implementation of the Record of Decision for the relocation of Marine Corps forces to Guam. (e) R
EPORTS REQUIRED BY NATIONAL DEFENSE  A
UTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR2014.— Subject to subsection (b), subsection (a) applies to reporting requirements contained in the fol-lowing sections of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66): (1) Section 704(e) (10 U.S.C. 1074 note), relat-ing to a report on the pilot program on inves-tigational treatment of members of the Armed Forces for traumatic brain injury and post-trau-matic stress disorder. (2) Sections 713(f), (g), and (h) (10 U.S.C. 1071 note), relating to providing a financial summary of efforts to develop interoperable electronic health records, updates on the progress of data sharing, and information on executive com-mittee activities. (f) R
EPORTS REQUIRED BY NATIONAL DEFENSE  A
UTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR2013.— Subject to subsection (b), subsection (a) applies to reporting requirements contained in the fol-lowing sections of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239): (1) Section 1009 (126 Stat. 1906), relating to a report on the use of funds in the Drug Interdic-tion and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense-wide account. (2) Section 1023 (126 Stat. 1911), relating to a report on recidivism of individuals who have been detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (g) REPORTS REQUIRED BY NATIONAL DEFENSE  A
UTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR2011.— Subject to subsection (b), subsection (a) applies to reporting requirements contained in the fol-lowing sections of the Ike Skelton National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383): (1) Section 123 (10 U.S.C. 167 note), relating to a report on use of combat mission requirements funds. (2) Section 1631(d) (10 U.S.C. 1561 note), relat-ing to a report on sexual assaults involving members of the Armed Forces and improvement to sexual assault prevention and response pro-gram. (h) R
EPORTS REQUIRED BY NATIONAL DEFENSE  A
UTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR2010.— Subject to subsection (b), subsection (a) applies to reporting requirements contained in the fol-lowing sections of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84): (1) Section 711(d) (10 U.S.C. 1071 note), relat-ing to a report on the comprehensive policy on pain management by the Military Health Care System. (2) Section 1003(b) (10 U.S.C. 2222 note), relat-ing to a report on implementation by the De-partment of Defense of the Financial Improve-ment and Audit Readiness Plan. (3) Section 1245 (123 Stat. 2542), relating to a report on military power of Iran. (i) R
EPORTS REQUIRED BY OTHER LAWS.—Sub- ject to subsection (b), subsection (a) applies to reporting requirements contained in the fol-lowing provisions of law: (1) Section 717(c) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 (Public Law 104–106; 10 U.S.C. 1073 note), relating to a report on TRICARE Program effectiveness. (2) Section 1202 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Public Law 106–65; 10 U.S.C. 113 note), relating to a report on military and security developments involving the People’s Republic of China. (3) Section 1208(f) of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 2086), relating to a report on the provision of support for special operations to combat terrorism. (4) Section 1405(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 10 U.S.C. 801 note), relating to a report on any modification made to the proce-dures for status review of detainees outside the United States. (5) Section 1017(e) of the John Warner Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2631 note), relating to a report regarding overhaul, repair, and maintenance performed on certain vessels in the United States. (6) Section 1034(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 309), relating to a report on the provision of support for non-Federal de-velopment and testing of material for chemical agent defense. (7) Section 1236 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1641), relating to a report on military and security developments involving the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (8) Section 103A(b)(3) of the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670c–1(b)(3)), relating to a report on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2515 May 17, 2016 
disposition of certain appropriated funds pro-vided under cooperative and interagency agree-ments for land management on installations. (9) Section 1511(h) of the Armed Forces Retire-ment Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 411(h)), relat-ing to a report on the financial and other af-fairs of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. (10) Section 901(f) of the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469; 32 U.S.C. 112 note), as added by section 1008 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239), relating to a report on the activi-ties of the National Guard counterdrug schools. (11) Section 14 of the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act (50 U.S.C. 98h–5), re-lating to a report on the requirements of the Na-tional Defense Stockpile. (12) Sections 1412(i) and (j) of the National Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521), as amended by section 1421 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383), relating to reports on destruction of existing stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions, including implementation by the United States of its chem-ical weapons destruction obligations under the Chemical Weapons Convention. (13) Section 1703 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (50 U.S.C. 1523), relating to a report on chemical and bio-logical warfare defense. (14) Section 234 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (50 U.S.C. 2367), relating to a report on acquisition of tech-nology relating to weapons of mass destruction and their threat. (15) Section 105A(b) of the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (52 U.S.C. 20308(b)), as added by section 586 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84), relating to a re-port on effectiveness of activities and utilization of certain procedures under Federal Voting As-sistance Program. (j) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1080(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1000; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘November 25, 2017’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘effective’’. 
SEC. 1062. MATTERS FOR INCLUSION IN REPORT ON DESIGNATION OF COUNTRIES FOR WHICH REWARDS MAY BE PAID UNDER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE REWARDS PROGRAM. 
Section 127b(h) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and jus-tification’’ after ‘‘reason’’; and (2) by amending paragraph (3) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(3) An estimate of the amount or value of the rewards to be paid as monetary payment or pay-ment-in-kind under this section.’’. 
SEC. 1063. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION OF BI-OLOGICAL SELECT AGENT AND TOXIN THEFT, LOSS, OR RELEASE IN-VOLVING THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
(a) N OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 15 days after notice of any theft, loss, or release of a biological select agent or toxin in-volving the Department of Defense is provided to the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion or the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, as specified by section 331.19 of part 7 of the Code of Federal Regulations, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional de-fense committees notice of such theft, loss, or re-lease. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Notice of a theft, loss, or re-lease of a biological select agent or toxin under subsection (a) shall include each of the fol-lowing: (1) The name of the agent or toxin and any identifying information, including the strain or other relevant characterization information. (2) An estimate of the quantity of the agent or toxin stolen, lost, or released. (3) The location or facility from which the theft, loss, or release occurred. (4) In the case of a release, any hazards posed by the release and the number of individuals po-tentially exposed to the agent or toxin. (5) Actions taken to respond to the theft, loss, or release. SEC. 1064. REPORT ON SERVICE-PROVIDED SUP-PORT TO UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a written report on common service support contributed from each of the military services toward special op-erations forces. Such report shall include— (1) detailed information about the resources allocated by each military service for combat support, combat service support, and base oper-ating support for special operations forces; and (2) an assessment of the specific effects that future manpower and force structure changes are likely to have on the capability of each of the military services to provide common service support to special operations forces. (b) A
NNUAL UPDATES .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2020, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional defense committees an update to the report required under subsection (a). (c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required under subsection (a) and each update provided under subsection (b) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 1065. REPORT ON CITIZEN SECURITY RE-SPONSIBILITIES IN THE NORTHERN TRIANGLE OF CENTRAL AMERICA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly prepare and submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on mili-tary units that have been assigned to policing or citizen security responsibilities in Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report re-quired by subsection (a) shall include each of the following: (1) The following information, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, with respect to military units assigned to policing or citizen se-curity responsibilities in each of Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador: (A) The proportion of individuals in each such country’s military who participate in polic-ing or citizen security activities relative to the total number of individuals in that country’s military. (B) Of the military units assigned to policing or citizen security responsibilities, the types of units conducting police activities. (C) The role of the Department of Defense and the Department of State in training individuals for purposes of participation in such military units. (D) The number of individuals who partici-pated in such military units who received train-ing by the Department of Defense, and the types of training they received. (2) Any other information that the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of State determines to be necessary to help better understand the re-lationships of the militaries of Guatemala, Hon-duras, and El Salvador to public security in such countries. (3) A description of the plan of the United States to assist the militaries of Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador to carry out their responsibilities in a manner that adheres to democratic principles. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (d) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The unclassified matter of the report required by subsection (a) shall be posted on a publicly available Internet website of the Department of Defense and a publicly available Internet website of the De-partment of State. (e) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 1066. REPORT ON COUNTERPROLIFERATION ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a biennial report on the counterpro-liferation activities and programs of the Depart-ment of Defense. The Secretary shall submit the first such report by not later than May 1, 2017. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—Each report required under subsection (a) shall include each of the following: (1) A complete list and assessment of existing and proposed capabilities and technologies for support of United States nonproliferation policy and counterproliferation policy, with regard to— (A) interdiction; (B) elimination; (C) threat reduction cooperation; (D) passive defenses; (E) security cooperation and partner activi-ties; (F) offensive operations; (G) active defenses; and (H) weapons of mass destruction consequence management. (2) For the existing and proposed capabilities and technologies identified under paragraph (1), an identification of goals, a description of ongo-ing efforts, and recommendations for further en-hancements. (3) A complete description of requirements and priorities for the development and deployment of highly effective capabilities and technologies, including identifying areas for capability en-hancement and deficiencies in existing capabili-ties and technologies. (4) A comprehensive discussion of the near- term, mid-term, and long-term programmatic op-tions for meeting requirements and eliminating deficiencies, including the annual funding re-quirements and completion dates established for each such option. (5) An outline of interagency activities and initiatives. (6) Any other matters the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) F
ORMS OF REPORT .—Each report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (d) T
ERMINATION OF REQUIREMENT .—No re- port shall be required to be submitted under this section after January 31, 2021. 
SEC. 1067. INCLUSION OF BALLISTIC MISSILE DE-FENSE INFORMATION IN ANNUAL REPORT ON REQUIREMENTS OF COMBATANT COMMANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2)(A) of section 153(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘, including the integrated priorities list require-ments for ballistic missile defense by the geo-graphic combatant commands and the prioritized capabilities list for ballistic missile defense developed by the Commander of the United States Strategic Command’’. (b) R
EPORT DURATION .—Paragraph (1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘At or about’’ and inserting ‘‘During the period preceding Jan-uary 31, 2021, at or about’’. 
SEC. 1068. REVIEWS BY DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CONCERNING NATIONAL SE-CURITY USE OF SPECTRUM. 
(a) R EVIEW AND REPORT TO THE CONGRES -
SIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEES .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every two years thereafter until Janu-ary 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2516 May 17, 2016 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a re-port containing the results of a comprehensive review conducted by the Secretary and the Chairman of all uses by the Department of De-fense of spectrum. Such review shall include the use of spectrum in military plans, training, test, and in military capabilities that are in develop-ment or have been fielded for any known or po-tential impacts of sharing or repurposing of spectrum used or allocated to be used by the De-partment of Defense that may be reallocated or shared pursuant to a spectrum auction, sharing arrangement, or other arrangement, or that is otherwise identified as part of the 10-year plan developed by the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, and whether there are known or possible mitigations in the event of reallocation or sharing that they rec-ommend, including exclusion zones, equipment modifications, development or procurement of new technology, or any other mitigation they believe will protect Department of Defense use of such spectrum, including projected or esti-mated potential costs of the same, and whether such costs will be borne out of Defense of De-fense total obligation authority. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—At the time of the submis-sion of the report required under subsection (a), the Secretary and the Chairman shall both cer-tify that they understand any potential impacts to Department of Defense use of spectrum that could result from a spectrum auction, realloca-tion, or sharing arrangement as of that date, and submit such certification to the congres-sional defense committees. (c) R
EPORT OF NON-CONCURRENCE OR VETO.— The Secretary of Defense shall notify the con-gressional defense committees as to whether the Secretary has not concurred with or otherwise objected to the most recent version of the 10-year plan developed by the National Telecommuni-cations and Information Administration not later than 30 days after the date of such non- concurrence or other objection. (d) F
UNDING WITHHELD .—The Secretary of De-fense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff may not obligate more than 95 percent of the funding authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 for operation and maintenance for headquarters op-erations before the date that is 30 days after the date on which the report required by subsection (a) and the certification required under sub-section (b) are submitted to the congressional defense committees. 
SEC. 1069. ANNUAL REPORT ON PERSONNEL, TRAINING, AND EQUIPMENT RE-QUIREMENTS FOR THE NON-FED-ERALIZED NATIONAL GUARD TO SUPPORT CIVILIAN AUTHORITIES IN PREVENTION AND RESPONSE TO DO-MESTIC DISASTERS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT REQUIRED .—Section 10504 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘R
EPORT .—’’ and inserting ‘‘R
EPORT ON STATE OF THE NA-
TIONAL GUARD .—(1)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘(b) S
UBMISSION OF REPORT TO  C
ONGRESS .—’’ and inserting ‘‘(2)’’; (3) by striking ‘‘annual report of the Chief of the National Guard Bureau’’ and inserting ‘‘an-nual report required by paragraph (1)’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORT ON NON-FEDERALIZED  S
ERVICE NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , TRAIN-
ING, AND EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS .—(1) Not later than January 31 of each of calendar years 2017 through 2021, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the officials specified in paragraph (5) a report setting forth the per-sonnel, training, and equipment required by the National Guard during the next fiscal year to carry out its mission, while not Federalized, to provide prevention, protection mitigation, re-sponse, and recovery activities in support of ci-vilian authorities in connection with natural and man-made disasters. ‘‘(2) To determine the annual personnel, training, and equipment requirements of the Na-tional Guard referred to in paragraph (1), the Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall take into account, at a minimum, the following: ‘‘(A) Core civilian capabilities gaps for the prevention, protection, mitigation, response, and recovery activities in connection with natural and man-made disasters, as collected by the De-partment of Homeland Security from the States. ‘‘(B) Threat and hazard identifications and risk assessments of the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, and the States. ‘‘(3) Personnel, training, and equipment re-quirements shall be collected from the States, validated by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, and be categorized in the report re-quired by paragraph (1) by each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Emergency support functions of the Na-tional Response Framework. ‘‘(B) Federal Emergency Management Agency regions. ‘‘(4) The annual report required by paragraph (1) shall be prepared in consultation with the chief executive of each State, other appropriate civilian authorities, and the Council of Gov-ernors. ‘‘(5) In addition to the congressional defense committees, the annual report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted to the following of-ficials: ‘‘(A) The Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(B) The Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(C) The Council of Governors. ‘‘(D) The Secretary of the Army. ‘‘(E) The Secretary of the Air Force. ‘‘(F) The Commander of the United States Northern Command. ‘‘(G) The Commander of the United States Cyber Command.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 10504. Chief of the National Guard Bureau: annual reports’’. (2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 1011 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 10504 and inserting the following new section: ‘‘10504. Chief of the National Guard Bureau: annual reports.’’. Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 1081. TECHNICAL AND CLERICAL AMEND-MENTS. 
(a) T ITLE 10, U NITED STATES CODE.—Title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (1) Section 130h is amended by striking ‘‘sub-section (a) and (b)’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘subsections (a) and (b)’’. (2) Section 187(a)(2)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘Acquisition, Logistics, and Technology’’ and inserting ‘‘Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics’’. (3) Section 196(c)(1)(A)(ii) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘section 139(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 139(j)’’. (4) Subsection (b)(1)(B) of section 1415, to be added by section 633(a)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 848), is amended by adding a period at the end of clause (ii). (5) Section 1705(g)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘of of’’ and inserting ‘‘of’’. (6) Section 2222 is amended— (A) in subsection (d)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘to’’ before ‘‘eliminate’’; (B) in subsection (g)(1)(E) by inserting ‘‘the system’’ before ‘‘is in compliance’’; and (C) in subsection (i)(5), by striking ‘‘
PRO-
GRAM ’’ in the heading. (b) A
MENDMENTS RELATED TO ELIMINATION OF  T
ITLE50 A PPENDIX .— (1) MILITARY SELECTIVE SERVICE ACT CITATION  
CHANGES .— (A) T
ITLE 10 , UNITED STATES CODE .—Title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (i) Section 101(d)(6)(B)(v) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 460(b)(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3809(b)(2))’’. (ii) Section 513(c) is amended— (I) by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 451 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.)’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3806(c)(2)(A))’’ after ‘‘of that Act’’. (iii) Section 523(b)(7) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 460(b)(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3809(b)(2))’’. (iv) Section 651(a) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 456(d)(1))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3806(d)(1))’’. (v) Section 671(c)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 454(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3803(a))’’. (vi) Section 1475(a)(5)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 451 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.)’’. (vii) Section 12103 is amended— (I) in subsections (b) and (d), by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 451 et seq.)’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.)’’; and (II) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘section 6(c)(2)(A)(ii) and (iii) of such Act’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (ii) and (iii) of section 6(c)(2)(A) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 3806(c)(2)(A))’’. (viii) Section 12104(a) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 451 et seq.)’’ both places it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.)’’. (ix) Section 12208(a) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 451 et seq.)’’ both places it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.)’’. (B) T
ITLE 37 , UNITED STATES CODE .—Section 209(a)(1) of title 37, United States Code is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 456(d)(1))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3806(d)(1))’’. (2) S
ERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT CITA -
TION CHANGES .—Title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (A) Section 987 is amended— (i) in subsection (e)(2), by inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.)’’ before the semicolon; and (ii) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 527)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3937)’’. (B) Section 1408(b)(1)(D) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 501 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.)’’. (3) E
XPORT ADMINISTRATION ACT OF 1979 CITA -
TION CHANGES .—Title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (A) Section 130(a) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 2401–2420)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.)’’. (B) Section 2249a(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 2405(j)(1)(A))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4605(j)(1)(A))’’. (C) Section 2327 is amended— (i) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 2405(j)(1)(A))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4605(j)(1)(A))’’; and (ii) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 2405(j)(1)(A))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4605(j)(1)(A))’’. (D) Section 2410i(a) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 2402(5)(A))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4602(5)(A))’’. (E) Section 7430(e) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 2401 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.)’’. (4) D
EFENSE PRODUCTION ACT OF 1950 CITATION  
CHANGES .—Title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (A) Section 139c of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (i) in subsection (b)— (I) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 2171)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4567)’’; and (II) in paragraph (12)— (aa) by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 2062(b))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4502(b))’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2517 May 17, 2016 
(bb) by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 2061 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4501 et seq.)’’; and (ii) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 2170(k))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4565(k))’’. (B) Section 2537(c) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 2170(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4565(a))’’. (C) Section 9511(6) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 2071)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4511)’’. (D) Section 9513(e) is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 2071)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4511)’’. (5) M
ERCHANT SHIP SALES ACT OF 1946 CITATION  
CHANGES .—Section 2218 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (c)(1)(E), by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 1744)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4405)’’; and (B) in subsection (k)(3)(B), by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 1744)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4405)’’. (c) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2016.—Effective as of Novem-ber 25, 2015, and as if included therein as en-acted, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) is amended as follows: (1) Section 563(a) is amended by striking ‘‘Sec-tion 5(c)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 5(c)(2)’’. (2) Section 883(a)(2) (129 Stat. 947) is amended by striking ‘‘such chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 131 of such title’’. (3) Section 883 (129 Stat. 942) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— ‘‘(1) Effective on the effective date specified in subsection (a)(1) of section 901 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3462; 10 U.S.C. 132a note), section 2222 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— ‘‘(A) by striking ‘Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense’ each place it appears in subsections (c)(2), (e)(1), (g)(2)(A), (g)(2)(B)(ii), and (i)(5)(B) and insert-ing ‘Under Secretary of Defense for Business Management and Information’; and ‘‘(B) by striking ‘Deputy Chief Management Officer’ in subsection (f)(1) and inserting ‘Under Secretary of Defense for Business Management and Information’. ‘‘(2) The second paragraph (3) of section 901(k) of such Act (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3468; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is repealed.’’. (4) Section 1079(a) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) A
NNUAL REPORT ON PRIZES FOR AD-
VANCED TECHNOLOGY ACHIEVEMENTS .—Section 2374a of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— ‘‘(1) by striking subsection (f); and ‘‘(2) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (f).’’. (5) Section 1086(f)(11)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Not later than\ one year’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than one year’’. (d) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER AMENDMENTS  M
ADE BY THISACT.—For purposes of applying amendments made by provisions of this Act other than this section, the amendments made by this section shall be treated as having been enacted immediately before any such amend-ments by other provisions of this Act. 
SEC. 1082. MODIFICATION TO SUPPORT FOR NON- FEDERAL DEVELOPMENT AND TEST-ING OF MATERIAL FOR CHEMICAL AGENT DEFENSE. 
Section 1034 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘report on the use of the au-thority under subsection (a)’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting ‘‘report that includes—’’ ‘‘(A) a description of— ‘‘(i) each use of the authority under sub-section (a); and ‘‘(ii) for each such use, the specific material made available and to whom it was made avail-able; and ‘‘(B) a description of— ‘‘(i) any instance in which the Department of Defense made available to a State, a unit of local government, or a private entity any bio-logical select agent or toxin for the development or testing of any biodefense technology; and ‘‘(ii) for each such instance, the specific mate-rial made available and to whom it was made available.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The requirement to submit a report under paragraph (1) shall terminate on January 31, 2021.’’; and (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘this section’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘this sec-tion:’’ ‘‘(1) The terms ‘precursor’, ‘protective pur-poses’, and ‘toxic chemical’ have the meanings given those terms in the convention referred to in subsection (c), in paragraph 2, paragraph 9(b), and paragraph 1, respectively, of article II of that convention. ‘‘(2) The term ‘biological select agent or toxin’ means any agent or toxin identified under any of the following: ‘‘(A) Section 331.3 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(B) Section 121.3 or section 121.4 of title 9, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(C) Section 73.3 or section 73.4 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations.’’. SEC. 1083. INCREASE IN MAXIMUM AMOUNT AVAILABLE FOR EQUIPMENT, SERV-ICES, AND SUPPLIES PROVIDED FOR HUMANITARIAN DEMINING ASSIST-ANCE. 
Section 407(c)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$15,000,000’’. 
SEC. 1084. LIQUIDATION OF UNPAID CREDITS AC-CRUED AS A RESULT OF TRANS-ACTIONS UNDER A CROSS-SERV-ICING AGREEMENT. 
(a) L IQUIDATION OF UNPAID CREDITS .—Section 2345 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(c)(1) Any credits of the United States ac-crued as a result of the provision of logistic sup-port, supplies, and services under the authority of this subchapter that remain unliquidated more than 18 months after the date of delivery of the logistic support, supplies, or services may, at the option of the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, be liq-uidated by offsetting the credits against any amount owed by the Department of Defense, pursuant to a transaction or transactions con-cluded under the authority of this subchapter, to the government or international organization to which the logistic support, supplies, or serv-ices were provided by the United States. ‘‘(2) The amount of any credits offset pursu-ant to paragraph (1) shall be credited as speci-fied in section 2346 of this title as if it were a re-ceipt of the United States.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (c) of sec-tion 2345 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with re-spect to credits accrued by the United States that— (1) were accrued prior to, and remain unpaid as of, the date of the enactment of this Act; or (2) are accrued after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1085. CLARIFICATION OF CONTRACTS COV-ERED BY AIRLIFT SERVICE PROVI-SION. 
Section 9516 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) C
ONTRACT FOR AIRLIFT SERVICE DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘contract for airlift service’ means— ‘‘(1) a contract with the Department of De-fense for airlift service; ‘‘(2) any contract with the Department of De-fense other than a contract described in para-graph (1), if transportation services are used in the performance of the contract; or ‘‘(3) any subcontract (at any tier) under a contract described in paragraph (1) or (2) if the subcontract is for airlift service or if transpor-tation services are used in the performance of the subcontract.’’. SEC. 1086. NATIONAL BIODEFENSE STRATEGY. 
(a) S TRATEGY AND IMPLEMENTATION PLANRE-
QUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, and the Secretary of Agriculture shall jointly develop a national biodefense strategy and associated implementa-tion plan, which shall include a review and as-sessment of biodefense policies, practices, pro-grams and initiatives. Such Secretaries shall re-view and, as appropriate, revise the strategy bi-ennially. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy and associated implementation plan required under subsection (a) shall include each of the following: (1) An inventory and assessment of all exist-ing strategies, plans, policies, laws, and inter-agency agreements related to biodefense, includ-ing prevention, deterrence, preparedness, detec-tion, response, attribution, recovery, and mitiga-tion. (2) A description of the biological threats, in-cluding biological warfare, bioterrorism, natu-rally occurring infectious diseases, and acci-dental exposures. (3) A description of the current programs, ef-forts, or activities of the United States Govern-ment with respect to preventing the acquisition, proliferation, and use of a biological weapon, preventing an accidental or naturally occurring biological outbreak, and mitigating the effects of a biological epidemic. (4) A description of the roles and responsibil-ities of the Executive Agencies, including inter-nal and external coordination procedures, in identifying and sharing information related to, warning of, and protection against, acts of ter-rorism using biological agents and weapons and accidental or naturally occurring biological out-breaks. (5) An articulation of related or required interagency capabilities and whole-of-Govern-ment activities required to support the national biodefense strategy. (6) Recommendations for strengthening and improving the current biodefense capabilities, authorities, and command structures of the United States Government. (7) Recommendations for improving and for-malizing interagency coordination and support mechanisms with respect to providing a robust national biodefense. (8) Any other matters the Secretary of De-fense, the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Secretary of Agriculture determine nec-essary. (c) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 275 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Secretary of Agri-culture shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees the strategy and associated implementation plan required by subsection (a). The strategy and implementation plan shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) B
RIEFINGS .—Not later than March 1, 2017, and annually thereafter until March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Secretary of Agriculture shall provide to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2518 May 17, 2016 
Committee on Agriculture of the House of Rep-resentatives a joint briefing on the strategy de-veloped under subsection (a) and the status of the implementation of such strategy. (e) GAO R
EVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the submittal of the strategy and implementation plan under subsection (c), the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the strategy and im-plementation plan to analyze gaps and re-sources mapped against the requirements of the National Biodefense Strategy and existing United States biodefense policy documents. (f) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means the fol-lowing: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions of the Senate. (3) The Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate. (4) The Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate. 
SEC. 1087. GLOBAL CULTURAL KNOWLEDGE NET-WORK. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of the Army shall carry out a program to support the socio-cultural understanding needs of the Department of the Army, to be known as the Global Cultural Knowledge Network. (b) G
OALS.—The Global Cultural Knowledge Network shall support the following goals: (1) Provide socio-cultural analysis support to any unit deployed, or preparing to deploy, to an exercise or operation in the assigned region of responsibility of the unit being supported. (2) Make recommendations or support policy development to increase the social science exper-tise of military and civilian personnel of the De-partment of the Army. (3) Provide reimbursable support to other mili-tary departments or Federal agencies if re-quested through an operational needs request process. (c) E
LEMENTS OF THE PROGRAM .—The Global Cultural Knowledge Network shall include the following elements: (1) A center in the continental United States (referred to in this section as a ‘‘reach-back cen-ter’’) to support requests for information and analysis. (2) Outreach to academic institutions and other Federal agencies involved in social science research to increase the network of resources for the reach-back center. (3) Training with operational units during an-nual training exercises or during pre-deploy-ment training. (4) The training, contracting, and human re-sources capacity to rapidly respond to contin-gencies in which social science expertise is re-quested by operational commanders through an operational needs request process. (d) D
IRECTIVE REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Army shall issue a directive within one year after the date of the enactment of this Act for the governance of the Global Cultural Knowl-edge Network, including oversight and process controls for auditing the activities of personnel of the Network, the employment of the Global Cultural Knowledge Network by operation forces, and processes for requesting support by operational Army units and other Department of Defense and Federal entities. (e) P
ROHIBITION ON DEPLOYMENTS UNDER  G
LOBAL CULTURAL KNOWLEDGE NETWORK .— (1) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary of the Army may not deploy social scientists in a conflict zone. (2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of the Army may waive the prohibition in paragraph (1) if the Secretary submits, at least 10 days before the de-ployment, to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate— (A) notice of the waiver; and (B) a certification that there is a compelling national security interest for the deployment or there will be a benefit to the safety and welfare of members of the Armed Forces from the de-ployment. (3) ELEMENTS OF WAIVER NOTICE .—A waiver notice under this subsection also shall include the following: (A) The operational unit, or units, requesting support, including the location or locations where the social scientists are to be deployed. (B) The number of Global Cultural Knowledge Network personnel to be deployed and the an-ticipated duration of such deployments. (C) The anticipated resource needs for such deployment. 
SEC. 1088. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS RE-LATING TO MANAGEMENT OF MILI-TARY TECHNICIANS. 
(a) C ONVERSION OF CERTAIN MILITARY TECH-
NICIAN (DUAL STATUS ) POSITIONS .—Subsection (a) of section 1053 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 981; 10 U.S.C. 10216 note) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraph (1): ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—By not later than October 1, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall convert not fewer than 20 percent of all military techni-cian positions to positions filled by individuals who are employed under section 3101 of title 5, United States Code, or section 1601 of title 10, United States Code, or serving under section 328 of title 32, United States Code, and are not mili-tary technicians. The positions to be converted are described in paragraph (2).’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘in the re-port’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘by the Army Reserve, the Air Force Reserve, the Na-tional Guard Bureau, and the State adjutants general in the course of reviewing all military technician positions for purposes of imple-menting this section.’’; and (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘may fill’’ and inserting ‘‘shall fill’’. (b) C
ONVERSION OF ARMYRESERVE , AIRFORCE R
ESERVE , ANDNATIONAL GUARD NON-DUAL STA-
TUSPOSITIONS .—Subsection (e) of section 10217 of title 10, United States Code, is amended is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) C
ONVERSION OF POSITIONS .—(1) No indi-vidual may be newly hired or employed, or re-hired or reemployed, as a non-dual status tech-nician for purposes of this section after Sep-tember 30, 2017. ‘‘(2) On October 1, 2017, the Secretary of De-fense shall convert all non-dual status techni-cians to positions filled by individuals who are employed under section 3101 of title 5 or section 1601 of this title and are not military techni-cians. ‘‘(3) In the case of a position converted under paragraph (2) for which there is an incumbent employee on October 1, 2017, the Secretary shall fill that position, as converted, with the incum-bent employee without regard to any require-ment concerning competition or competitive hir-ing procedures. ‘‘(4) Any individual newly hired or employed, or rehired or employed, to a position required to be filled by reason of paragraph (1) shall an in-dividual employed in such position under sec-tion 3101 of title 5 or section 1601 of this title.’’. (c) R
EPORT ON CONVERSION OF MILITARY  T
ECHNICIAN POSITIONS TO PERSONNEL PER-
FORMING ACTIVE GUARD AND RESERVE DUTY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2017, the Secretary of Defense, shall in consulta-tion with the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau, submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a report on the feasibility and advisability of converting any remaining military techni-cians (dual status) to personnel performing ac-tive Guard and Reserve duty under section 328 of title 32, United States Code, or other applica-ble provisions of law. The report shall include the following: (A) An analysis of the fully-burdened costs of the conversion taking into account the new modernized military retirement system. (B) An assessment of the ratio of members of the Armed Forces performing active Guard and Reserve duty and civilian employees of the De-partment of Defense under title 5, United States Code, required to best contribute to the readi-ness of the National Guard and the Reserves. (2) ACTIVE GUARD AND RESERVE DUTY DE -
FINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘active Guard and Reserve duty’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(d)(6) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 1089. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING CONNECTICUT’S SUBMARINE CEN-TURY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) On March 2, 1867, Congress enacted a naval appropriations Act that authorized the Secretary of the Navy to ‘‘receive and accept a deed of gift, when offered by the State of Con-necticut, of a tract of land with not less than one mile of shore front on the Thames River near New London, Connecticut, to be held by the United States for naval purposes’’. (2) The people of Connecticut and the towns and cities in the southeastern region of Con-necticut subsequently gifted land to establish a military installation to fulfil the Nation’s need for a naval facility on the Atlantic coast. (3) On April 11, 1868, the Navy accepted the deed of gift of land from Connecticut to estab-lish a naval yard and storage depot along the eastern shore of the Thames River in Groton, Connecticut; (4) Between 1868 and 1912, the New London Navy Yard supported a diverse range of mis-sions, including berthing inactive Civil War era ironclad warships and serving as a coaling sta-tion for refueling naval ships traveling in New England waters. (5) Congress rejected the Navy’s proposal to close New London Navy Yard in 1912, following an impassioned effort by Congressman Edwin W. Higgins, who stated that ‘‘this action pro-posed is not only unjust but unreasonable and unsound as a military proposition’’. (6) The outbreak of World War I and the enemy use of submarines to sink allied military and civilian ships in the Atlantic sparked a new focus on developing submarine capabilities in the United States. (7) October 18, 1915, marked the arrival at the New London Navy Yard of the submarines G–1, G–2, and G–4 under the care of the tender U.S.S. OZARK, soon followed by the arrival of sub-marines E–1, D–1, and D–3 under the care of the tender U.S.S. TONOPAH, and on November 1, 1915, the arrival of the first ship built as a sub-marine tender, the U.S.S. FULTON (AS–1). (8) On June 21, 1916, Commander Yeates Stir-ling assumed the command of the newly des-ignated Naval Submarine Base New London, the New London Submarine Flotilla, and the Sub-marine School; (9) In the 100 years since the arrival of the first submarines to the base, Naval Submarine Base New London has grown to occupy more than 680 acres along the east side of the Thames River, with more than 160 major facilities, 15 nuclear submarines, and more than 70 tenant commands and activities, including the Sub-marine Learning Center, Naval Submarine School, the Naval Submarine Medical Research Laboratory, the Naval Undersea Medical Insti-tute, and the newly established Undersea Warfighting Development Center. (10) In addition to being the site of the first submarine base in the United States, Con-necticut was home to the foremost submarine manufacturers of the time, the Lake Torpedo 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2519 May 17, 2016 
Boat Company in Bridgeport and the Electric Boat Company in Groton, which later became General Dynamics Electric Boat. (11) General Dynamics Electric Boat, its tal-ented workforce, and its Connecticut-based and nationwide network of suppliers have delivered more than 200 submarines from its current loca-tion in Groton, Connecticut, including the first nuclear-powered submarine, the U.S.S. NAU-TILUS (SSN 571), and nearly half of the nuclear submarines ever built by the United States. (12) The Submarine Force Library and Mu-seum, located adjacent to Naval Submarine Base New London in Groton, Connecticut, is the only submarine museum operated by the United States Navy and today serves as the primary re-pository for artifacts, documents, and photo-graphs relating to the bold and courageous his-tory of the Submarine Force and highlights as its core exhibit the Historic Ship NAUTILUS (SSN 571) following her retirement from service. (13) Reflecting the close ties between Con-necticut and the Navy that began with the gift of land that established the base, the State of Connecticut has set aside $40,000,000 in funding for critical infrastructure investments to support the mission of the base, including construction of a new dive locker building, expansion of the Submarine Learning Center, and modernization of energy infrastructure. (14) On September 29, 2015, Connecticut Gov-ernor Dannel Malloy designated October 2015 through October 2016 as Connecticut’s Sub-marine Century, a year-long observance that celebrates 100 years of submarine activity in Connecticut, including the Town of Groton’s distinction as the Submarine Capital of the World, to coincide with the centennial anniver-sary of the establishment of Naval Submarine Base New London and the Naval Submarine School. (15) Whereas Naval Submarine Base New Lon-don still proudly proclaims its motto of ‘‘The First and Finest’’. (16) Congressman Higgins’ statement before Congress in 1912 that ‘‘Connecticut stands ready, as she always has, to bear her part of the burdens of the national defense’’ remains true today. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) commends the longstanding dedication and contribution to the Navy and submarine force by the people of Connecticut, both through the initial deed of gift that established what would become Naval Submarine Base New London and through their ongoing commitment to support the mission of the base and the Navy personnel assigned to it; (2) honors the submariners who have trained and served at Naval Submarine Base New Lon-don throughout its history in support of the Na-tion’s security and undersea superiority; (3) recognizes the contribution of the industry and workforce of Connecticut in designing, building, and sustaining the Navy’s submarine fleet; and (4) encourages the recognition of Connecti-cut’s Submarine Century by Congress, the Navy, and the American people by honoring the con-tribution of the people of Connecticut to the de-fense of the United States and the important role of the submarine force in safeguarding the security of the United States for more than a century. 
SEC. 1090. LNG PERMITTING CERTAINTY AND TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) A CTION ON APPLICATIONS .— (1) D
ECISION DEADLINE .—For proposals that must also obtain authorization from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or the United States Maritime Administration to site, con-struct, expand, or operate LNG export facilities, the Department of Energy shall issue a final de-cision on any application for the authorization to export natural gas under section 3 of the Nat-ural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b) not later than 30 days after the later of— (A) the conclusion of the review to site, con-struct, expand, or operate the LNG facilities re-quired by the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); or (B) the date of enactment of this Act. (2) CONCLUSION OF REVIEW .—For purposes of paragraph (1), review required by the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 shall be con-sidered concluded— (A) for a project requiring an Environmental Impact Statement, 30 days after publication of a Final Environmental Impact Statement; (B) for a project for which an Environmental Assessment has been prepared, 30 days after publication by the Department of Energy of a Finding of No Significant Impact; and (C) upon a determination by the lead agency that an application is eligible for a categorical exclusion pursuant National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 implementing regulations. (3) J
UDICIAL ACTION .—(A) The United States Court of Appeals for the circuit in which the ex-port facility will be located pursuant to an ap-plication described in paragraph (1) shall have original jurisdiction over any civil action for the review of— (i) an order issued by the Department of En-ergy with respect to such application; or (ii) the Department of Energy’s failure to issue a final decision on such application. (B) If the Court in a civil action described in subparagraph (A) finds that the Department of Energy has failed to issue a final decision on the application as required under paragraph (1), the Court shall order the Department of Energy to issue such final decision not later than 30 days after the Court’s order. (C) The Court shall set any civil action brought under this paragraph for expedited con-sideration and shall set the matter on the docket as soon as practical after the filing date of the initial pleading. (b) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE OF EXPORT DESTINA -
TIONS .—Section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE OF LNG E XPORT  D
ESTINATIONS .—As a condition for approval of any authorization to export LNG, the Secretary of Energy shall require the applicant to publicly disclose the specific destination or destinations of any such authorized LNG exports.’’. 
SEC. 1091. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE REPORTING OF THE MV–22 MISHAP IN MARANA, ARIZONA, ON APRIL 8, 2000. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) in the report accompanying H.R. 1735 of the 114th Congress (House Report 114–102), the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives encouraged the Secretary of De-fense to ‘‘publicly clarify the causes of the MV- 22 mishap at Marana Northwest Regional Air-port, Arizona, in a way consistent with the re-sults of all investigations as soon as possible’’; (2) the Deputy Secretary of Defense Robert O. Work did an excellent job reviewing the inves-tigations of such mishap and concluded that there was a misrepresentation of facts by the media which incorrectly identified pilot error as the cause of the mishap which the Deputy Sec-retary publicly made known in March 2016; and (3) Congress is grateful for the successful con-clusion to this tragic situation. 
SEC. 1092. TRANSFER OF SURPLUS FIREARMS TO CORPORATION FOR THE PROMOTION OF RIFLE PRACTICE AND FIREARMS SAFETY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 40728(h) of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(1) Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary may transfer’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary shall transfer’’; (2) by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall determine a reasonable schedule for the transfer of such surplus pistols.’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (2). (b) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—Section 1087 of National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1012) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘may’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘not more than 10,000’’; and (2) by striking subsection (c). SEC. 1093. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE IMPORTANCE OF PANAMA CITY, FLORIDA, TO THE HISTORY AND FU-TURE OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) On December 6, 1941—one day before the attack on Pearl Harbor—the War Department established Tyndall Field as an Army Air Force gunnery school in Panama City, Florida. (2) Tyndall Field was named in honor of na-tive Floridian Lieutenant Francis B. Tyndall, who received the U.S. Air Force flying ace des-ignation for his service in the First World War. (3) Tyndall Field became an important center for aerial gunnery training during the Second World War, hosting training missions using air-craft including A–33, 0–47, AT-6, Martin B-26 Marauders, and B–17 bombers. (4) On January 13, 1948, Tyndall Field became Tyndall Air Force Base and was an active site for air training and defense throughout the Cold War. (5) Tyndall AFB is now home to the First Air Force as well as the 325th Fighter Wing Head-quarters and their F–22 Raptors. (6) The 325th Fighter Wing has been instru-mental to national security at such crucial junc-tures as the Cuban Missile Crisis, throughout the Cold War, and more recently in intercepting unidentified aircraft and supporting anti-smug-gling efforts. (7) On July 20, 1945, the Navy Mine Counter-measure Station was established in Panama City. (8) The Navy Mine Countermeasure Station developed into the Naval Support Activity Pan-ama City (NSAPC), which has faithfully carried out its mission since its inception and continues to support the crucial efforts and important re-search of tenant command organizations such as the Naval Surface Warfare Center: Panama City Division (NSWC PCD) and the Navy Exper-imental Diving Unit (NEDU). (9) Research performed at NSWC PCD has been integral to equipping the Navy with the personnel and technology necessary to main-taining its status as the world’s greatest and most technologically advanced. (10) NSWC PCD’s newest facility, the Littoral Warfare Research Facility, is one of the Navy’s major research, development, test, and evalua-tion laboratories and where standards for weap-ons integration on Littoral Combat Ships are often developed. (11) NEDU is a global hub of research, devel-opment, and testing for undersea operations. (12) During the Second World War, the Wain-wright Shipyard in Panama City built over 100 vessels for the war effort and employed over 15,000 people. (13) Panama City’s shipbuilding legacy con-tinues as home to one of today’s most prolific domestic shipbuilders, Eastern Shipbuilding. (14) The Department of Defense is the largest employer in Panama City, where many of the residents and their relatives have proudly served in the Armed Forces for generations. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) commends the longstanding dedication and contribution to the Armed Forces by the people of Panama City, both through the legacy of naval shipbuilding and through their ongoing commitment to support the mission of Panama City’s military installations and the personnel assigned to them; (2) honors the members of the Armed Forces who have trained and served at the several mili-tary installations in and around Panama City; (3) recognizes the contribution of the industry and workforce of Panama City to naval ship-building; and (4) encourages the recognition of the impor-tance of Panama City to the history of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2520 May 17, 2016 
Armed Forces by Congress, the Air Force, the Navy, and the American people by honoring the contribution of the people of Panama City to the defense of the United States. 
SEC. 1094. PROTECTIONS RELATING TO CIVIL RIGHTS AND DISABILITIES. 
Any branch or agency of the Federal Govern-ment shall, with respect to any religious cor-poration, religious association, religious edu-cational institution, or religious society that is a recipient of or offeror for a Federal Government contract, subcontract, grant, purchase order, or cooperative agreement, provide protections and exemptions consistent with sections 702(a) and 703(e)(2) of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e-1(a) and 42 U.S.C. 2000e-2(e)(2)) and section 103(d) of the Americans with Dis-abilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12113(d)). 
SEC. 1095. NONAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN EXEC-UTIVE ORDER TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION. 
The provisions of Executive Order 13673 and any implementing rules or regulations shall not apply to the acquisition, contracting, contract administration, source selection, or any other activities of the Department of Defense or the National Nuclear Security Administration. The Secretary of Defense and the Administrator for Nuclear Security may not issue, or be required to comply with, any policy, guidance, or rules to carry out such executive order or otherwise im-plement any provision of such executive order or any related implementation rules or regulations. 
SEC. 1096. DETERMINATION AND DISCLOSURE OF TRANSPORTATION COSTS INCURRED BY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR CONGRESSIONAL TRIPS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) D ETERMINATION AND DISCLOSURE OF COSTS 
BYSECRETARY .—In the case of a trip taken by a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives or Senate in carrying out offi-cial duties outside the United States for which the Department of Defense provides transpor-tation, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) determine the cost of the transportation provided with respect to the Member, officer, or employee; and (2) provide the Member, officer, or employee with a written statement of the cost not later than 10 days after completion of the trip in-volved. (b) I
NCLUSION OF INFORMATION IN TRAVEL RE-
PORTS .—Any Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives or Senate who takes a trip to which subsection (a) applies shall in-clude the information contained in the written statement provided to the Member, officer, or employee under subsection (a)(2) with respect to the trip in any report that the Member, officer, or employee is required to file with respect to the trip under any provision of law and under any provision of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives or the Standing Rules of the Senate (as the case may be). (c) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section does not apply with respect to any trip the sole purpose of which is to visit one or more United States mili-tary installations or to visit United States mili-tary personnel in a war zone (or both). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
EMBER .—The term ‘‘Member’’, with re-spect to the House of Representatives, includes a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Con-gress. (2) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘‘United States’’ means the several States, the District of Colum-bia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and any other territory or possession of the United States. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply with respect to trips taken on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, except that this section does not apply with respect to any trip which began prior to such date. SEC. 1097. WAIVER OF CERTAIN POLYGRAPH EX-AMINATION REQUIREMENTS. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, may waive the polygraph ex-amination requirement under section 3 of the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–376) for any applicant who— (1) the Commissioner determines is suitable for employment; (2) holds a current, active Top Secret clear-ance and is able to access sensitive compart-mented information; (3) has a current single scope background in-vestigation; (4) was not granted any waivers to obtain the clearance; and (5) is a veteran (as such term is defined in sec-tion 2108 or 2109a of title 5, United States Code). TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS 
SEC. 1101. TEMPORARY DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR DOMESTIC DEFENSE INDUS-TRIAL BASE FACILITIES AND THE MAJOR RANGE AND TEST FACILITIES BASE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—During fiscal years 2017 and 2018, the Secretary of Defense may appoint, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, other than sections 3303 and 3328 of such title, qualified candidates to positions in the competi-tive service at any defense industrial base facil-ity or the Major Range and Test Facilities Base. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the end of fiscal year 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the use of the authority pro-vided under subsection (a). Such report shall in-clude the total number of individuals appointed under such authority and the effectiveness of such authority in fulfilling the manpower needs of the defense industrial base facilities or the Major Range and Test Facilities Base. (c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘de-fense industrial base facility’’ means any De-partment of Defense depot, arsenal, or shipyard located within the United States. 
SEC. 1102. TEMPORARY PERSONNEL FLEXIBILI-TIES FOR DOMESTIC DEFENSE IN-DUSTRIAL BASE FACILITIES AND MAJOR RANGE AND TEST FACILITIES BASE CIVILIAN PERSONNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, or any other pro-vision of law relating to the examination, cer-tification, and appointment of individuals in the competitive service, during fiscal years 2017 and 2018, an employee of a defense industrial base facility or the Major Range and Test Facilities Base serving under a time-limited appointment in the competitive service is eligible to compete for a permanent appointment in the competitive service at (A) any such facility, Base, or any other component of the Department of Defense when such facility, Base, or component (as the case may be) is accepting applications from indi-viduals within the facility, Base, or component’s workforce under merit promotion procedures, or (B) any agency when the agency is accepting applications from individuals outside its own workforce under merit promotion procedures of the applicable agency, if— (1) the employee was appointed initially under open, competitive examination under subchapter I of chapter 33 of such title to the time-limited appointment; (2) the employee has served under 1 or more time-limited appointments by a defense indus-trial base facility or the Major Range and Test Facilities Base for a period or periods totaling more than 24 months without a break of 2 or more years; and (3) the employee’s performance has been at an acceptable level of performance throughout the period or periods (as the case may be) referred to in paragraph (2). (b) W
AIVER OF AGEREQUIREMENT .—In deter- mining the eligibility of a time-limited employee under this section to be examined for or ap-pointed in the competitive service, the Office of Personnel Management or other examining agency shall waive requirements as to age, un-less the requirement is essential to the perform-ance of the duties of the position. (c) STATUS .—An individual appointed under this section— (1) becomes a career-conditional employee, un-less the employee has otherwise completed the service requirements for career tenure; and (2) acquires competitive status upon appoint-ment. (d) F
ORMER EMPLOYEES .—A former employee of a defense industrial base facility or the Major Range and Test Facilities Base who served under a time-limited appointment and who oth-erwise meets the requirements of this section shall be deemed a time-limited employee for pur-poses of this section if— (1) such employee applies for a position cov-ered by this section within the period of 2 years after the most recent date of separation; and (2) such employee’s most recent separation was for reasons other than misconduct or per-formance. (e) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘de-fense industrial base facility’’ means any De-partment of Defense depot, arsenal, or shipyard located within the United States. 
SEC. 1103. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TO GRANT ALLOW-ANCES, BENEFITS, AND GRATUITIES TO CIVILIAN PERSONNEL ON OFFI-CIAL DUTY IN A COMBAT ZONE. 
Paragraph (2) of section 1603(a) of the Emer-gency Supplemental Appropriations Act for De-fense, the Global War on Terror, and Hurricane Recovery, 2006 (Public Law 109–234; 120 Stat. 443), as added by section 1102 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4616) and as most recently amended by section 1102 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1022), is further amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
SEC. 1104. ADVANCE PAYMENTS FOR EMPLOYEES RELOCATING WITHIN THE UNITED STATES AND ITS TERRITORIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 5524a of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘(a) The head’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(1) The head’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) The head of each agency may provide for the advance payment of basic pay, covering not more than 6 pay periods, to an employee who is assigned to a position in the agency that is lo-cated— ‘‘(A) outside of the employee’s commuting area; and ‘‘(B) in the United States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the North-ern Mariana Islands, or any territory or posses-sion of the United States.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or as-signed’’ after ‘‘appointed’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or assignment’’ after ‘‘ap-pointment’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or assigned’’ after ‘‘ap-pointed’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘ and employees relocating within the United States and its territories’’ after ‘‘appointees’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The item relating to such section in the table of sections of chapter 55 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘5524a. Advance payments for new appointees and employees relocating within the United States and its terri-tories.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2521 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 1105. PERMANENT AUTHORITY FOR ALTER-NATIVE PERSONNEL PROGRAM FOR SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNICAL PER-SONNEL. 
(a) P ERMANENT AUTHORITY AND CODIFICA -
TION.—Chapter 81 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1589 a new section 1590 consisting of— (1) a heading as follows: ‘‘§ 1590. Alternative personnel program for sci-entific and technical personnel’’; and (2) a text consisting of the text of subsection (a), (b), (c), and (d) of section 1101 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–261; 5 U.S.C. 3104 note). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1590 of title 10, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘During the program period specified in subsection (e)(1), the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘of experimental use of’’ and inserting ‘‘to use’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘, United States Code,’’ in paragraph (1); and (B) by striking ‘‘United States Code,’’ in para-graph (2); and (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘, United States Code’’ in paragraphs (2) and (3) each place it appears. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 81 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1589 the following new item: ‘‘1590. Alternative personnel program for sci-entific and technical personnel.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 1101 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public Law 105– 261; 5 U.S.C. 3104 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 1106. MODIFICATION TO INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PERSONNEL EX-CHANGE PROGRAM. 
Section 1110 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 5 U.S.C. 3702 note) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘ cyber and’’ before ‘‘information’’. (2) in subsections (a)(1)(A), (a)(1)(C), and (g)(2), by inserting ‘‘cyber operations or’’ before ‘‘information’’; (3) in subsection (g)(1), by inserting ‘‘to or’’ before ‘‘from’’; and (4) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘10’’ and in-serting ‘‘50’’. 
SEC. 1107. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN LOCALITIES FOR CALCULATION OF PER DIEM AL-LOWANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Pursuant to section 5707 of title 5, United States Code, the Administrator of General Services shall prescribe such regulations as are necessary to provide that, with respect to per diem rates for Ohio, the locality described as Dayton/Fairborn and the locality described as Cincinnati are considered 1 locality for purposes of establishing per diem allowance or maximum amount of reimbursement under section 5702(a)(2) of such title. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The adjustment of the treatment of localities described under sub-section (a) shall be effective on the same date as the application of the first recalculation of per diem allowances by the Administrator that oc-curs after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1108. ELIGIBILITY OF EMPLOYEES IN A TIME- LIMITED APPOINTMENT TO COM-PETE FOR A PERMANENT APPOINT-MENT AT ANY FEDERAL AGENCY. 
Section 9602 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘any land management agency or any other agency (as de-fined in section 101 of title 31) under the inter-nal merit promotion procedures of the applicable agency’’ and inserting ‘‘such land management agency when such agency is accepting applica-tions from individuals within the agency’s workforce under merit promotion procedures, or any agency, including a land management agency, when the agency is accepting applica-tions from individuals outside its own workforce under the merit promotion procedures of the ap-plicable agency’’; and (2) in subsection (d) by inserting ‘‘of the agen-cy from which the former employee was most re-cently separated’’ after ‘‘deemed a time-limited employee’’. SEC. 1109. LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 6330. Limitation on administrative leave ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—During any calendar year, an employee may not be placed on administra-tive leave, or any other paid non-duty status without charge to leave, for more than 14 total days for reasons relating to misconduct or per-formance. After an employee has been placed on administrative leave for 14 days, the employing agency shall return the employee to duty status, utilizing telework if available, and assign the employee to duties if such employee is not a threat to safety, the agency mission, or Govern-ment property. ‘‘(b) E
XTENDED ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If an agency finds that an employee is a threat to safety, the agency mis-sion, or Government property and upon the ex-piration of the 14-day period described in sub-section (a), an agency head may place the em-ployee on extended administrative leave for ad-ditional periods of not more than 30 days each. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—For any additional period of 30 days granted to the employee after the initial 30-day extension, the agency head shall submit to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform in the House of Representatives, the agency’s authorizing committees of jurisdiction of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report, not later than 5 business days after granting the ad-ditional period, containing— ‘‘(A) title, position, office or agency sub-component, job series, pay grade, and salary of the employee on administrative leave; ‘‘(B) a description of the work duties of the employee; ‘‘(C) the reason the employee is on adminis-trative leave; ‘‘(D) an explanation as to why the employee is a threat to safety, the agency mission, or Gov-ernment property; ‘‘(E) an explanation as to why the employee is not able to telework or be reassigned to another position within the agency; ‘‘(F) in the case of a pending related inves-tigation of the employee— ‘‘(i) the status of such investigation; and ‘‘(ii) the certification described in subsection (c)(1); and ‘‘(G) in the case of a completed related inves-tigation of the employee— ‘‘(i) the results of such investigation; and ‘‘(ii) the reason that the employee remains on administrative leave. ‘‘(c) E
XTENSION PENDING RELATED INVESTIGA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If an employee is under a related investigation by an investigative entity at the time an additional period described under subsection (b)(2) is granted and, in the opinion of the investigative entity, additional time is needed to complete the investigation, such enti-ty shall certify to the applicable agency that such additional time is needed and include in the certification an estimate of the length of such additional time. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The head of an agency may not grant an additional period of adminis-trative leave described under subsection (b)(2) to an employee on or after the date that is 30 days after the completion of a related investigation by an investigative entity. ‘‘(d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: ‘‘(1) I
NVESTIGATIVE ENTITY .—The term ‘inves-tigative entity’ means an internal investigative unit of the agency granting administrative leave, the Office of Inspector General, the Office of the Attorney General, or the Office of Special Counsel. ‘‘(2) R
ELATED INVESTIGATION .—The term ‘re-lated investigation’ means an investigation that pertains to the underlying reasons an employee was placed on administrative leave.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall begin to apply 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amendment made by subsection (a) shall be con-strued to— (1) supersede the provisions of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code; or (2) limit the number of days that an employee may be placed on administrative leave, or any other paid non-duty status without charge to leave, for reasons unrelated to misconduct or performance. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for subchapter II of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 6329 the following new item: ‘‘6330. Limitation on administrative leave.’’. 
SEC. 1110. RECORD OF INVESTIGATION OF PER-SONNEL ACTION IN SEPARATED EM-PLOYEE’S OFFICIAL PERSONNEL FILE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after section 3321 the following: ‘‘§ 3322. Voluntary separation before resolu-tion of personnel investigation ‘‘(a) With respect to any employee occupying a position in the competitive service or the ex-cepted service who is the subject of a personnel investigation and resigns from Government em-ployment prior to the resolution of such inves-tigation, the head of the agency from which such employee so resigns shall, if an adverse finding was made with respect to such employee pursuant to such investigation, make a perma-nent notation in the employee’s official per-sonnel record file. The head shall make such no-tation not later than 40 days after the date of the resolution of such investigation. ‘‘(b) Prior to making a permanent notation in an employee’s official personnel record file under subsection (a), the head of the agency shall— ‘‘(1) notify the employee in writing within 5 days of the resolution of the investigation and provide such employee a copy of the adverse finding and any supporting documentation; ‘‘(2) provide the employee with a reasonable time, but not less than 30 days, to respond in writing and to furnish affidavits and other doc-umentary evidence to show why the adverse finding was unfounded (a summary of which shall be included in any notation made to the employee’s personnel file under subsection (d)); and ‘‘(3) provide a written decision and the spe-cific reasons therefore to the employee at the earliest practicable date. ‘‘(c) An employee is entitled to appeal the de-cision of the head of the agency to make a per-manent notation under subsection (a) to the Merit Systems Protection Board under section 7701. ‘‘(d)(1) If an employee files an appeal with the Merit Systems Protection Board pursuant to subsection (c), the agency head shall make a no-tation in the employee’s official personnel record file indicating that an appeal disputing the notation is pending not later than 2 weeks after the date on which such appeal was filed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2522 May 17, 2016 
‘‘(2) If the head of the agency is the pre-vailing party on appeal, not later than 2 weeks after the date that the Board issues the appeal decision, the head of the agency shall remove the notation made under paragraph (1) from the employee’s official personnel record file. ‘‘(3) If the employee is the prevailing party on appeal, not later than 2 weeks after the date that the Board issues the appeal decision, the head of the agency shall remove the notation made under paragraph (1) and the notation of an adverse finding made under subsection (a) from the employee’s official personnel record file. ‘‘(e) In this section, the term ‘personnel inves-tigation’ includes— ‘‘(1) an investigation by an Inspector General; and ‘‘(2) an adverse personnel action as a result of performance, misconduct, or for such cause as will promote the efficiency of the service under chapter 43 or chapter 75.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to any employee de-scribed in section 3322 of title 5, United States Code, (as added by such subsection) who leaves the service after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3321 the fol-lowing: ‘‘3322. Voluntary separation before resolution of personnel investigation.’’. 
SEC. 1111. REVIEW OF OFFICIAL PERSONNEL FILE OF FORMER FEDERAL EMPLOYEES BEFORE REHIRING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3330e. Review of official personnel file of former Federal employees before rehiring ‘‘(a) If a former Government employee is a candidate for a position within the competitive service or the excepted service, prior to making any determination with respect to the appoint-ment or reinstatement of such employee to such position, the appointing authority shall review and consider the information relating to such employee’s former period or periods of service in such employee’s official personnel record file. ‘‘(b) In subsection (a), the term ‘former Gov-ernment employee’ means an individual whose most recent position with the Government prior to becoming a candidate as described under sub-section (a) was within the competitive service or the excepted service. ‘‘(c) The Office of Personnel Management shall prescribe regulations to carry out the pur-pose of this section.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to any former Govern-ment employee (as described in section 3330e of title 5, United States Code, as added by such subsection) appointed or reinstated on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘3330e. Review of official personnel file of former Federal employees before rehiring.’’. TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Subtitle A—Assistance and Training 
SEC. 1201. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF LOGISTICAL SUPPORT FOR COALITION FORCES SUPPORTING CERTAIN UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
Section 1234 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 394), as most recently amended by section 1201 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1035), is further amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’; (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘during the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘during the period beginning on October 1, 2016, and ending on December 31, 2017’’; and (3) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. SEC. 1202. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TRAINING OF GENERAL PURPOSE FORCES OF THE UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES WITH MILITARY AND OTHER SECURITY FORCES OF FRIENDLY FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
Section 1203(h) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 894; 10 U.S.C. 2011 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1203. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO CONDUCT ACTIVI-TIES TO ENHANCE THE CAPABILITY OF FOREIGN COUNTRIES TO RE-SPOND TO INCIDENTS INVOLVING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION. 
(a) L IMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF AUTHOR -
ITY FOR OTHER COUNTRIES .—Subsection (b) of section 1204 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 896; 10 U.S.C. 401 note) is amended by striking ‘‘of the Secretary’s intention’’ and in-serting ‘‘not later than 48 hours after the Sec-retary makes a determination’’. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Subsection (d)(1) of such section is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) F
UNDS AVAILABLE .—Of the funds author-ized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for Operation and Maintenance, De-fense-wide, and available for the Defense Threat Reduction Agency for a fiscal year, not more than $20,000,000 may be made available for assistance under this section for such fiscal year.’’. (c) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON CERTAIN ASSIST-
ANCE.—Subsection (e) of such section, as amend-ed by section 1202 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3530), is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘If the amount’’ and inserting ‘‘If the Secretary of Defense determines that the amount’’; (2) by striking ‘‘the Secretary of Defense shall notify’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary shall no-tify’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘of that fact’’ and inserting ‘‘of such determination not later than 48 hours after making the determination’’. (d) E
XPIRATION .—Subsection (h) of such sec-tion, as amended by section 1273 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1076), is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section take effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act and apply with respect to assistance authorized to be provided under sub-section (a) of section 1204 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 on or after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 1204. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR SUP-PORT OF SPECIAL OPERATIONS TO COMBAT TERRORISM. 
Subsection (h) of section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 2086), as most recently amended by section 1208(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3541), is further amended by strik-ing ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. SEC. 1205. MODIFICATION AND CODIFICATION OF REPORTING REQUIREMENTS RELAT-ING TO SECURITY COOPERATION AU-THORITIES. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT REQUIRED .—Subsection (a) of section 1211 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3544) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘B
IENNIAL ’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘the Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘A
NNUAL REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than January 31 of each year through Jan-uary 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense’’; (2) by striking ‘‘congressional defense commit-tees’’ and inserting ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’; (3) by striking ‘‘security assistance’’ and in-serting ‘‘assistance’’; and (4) by striking ‘‘the two fiscal years’’ and in-serting ‘‘the fiscal year’’. (b) E
LEMENTS OF REPORT .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, dura-tion,’’ after ‘‘purpose’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘The cost’’ and inserting ‘‘The cost and expenditures’’; (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) For each foreign country in which the training, equipment, or other assistance or reim-bursement was provided, a description of the ex-tent of participation, if any, by the military forces and security forces or other government organizations of such foreign country. ‘‘(5) The number of members of the Armed Forces involved in providing such training, equipment, or assistance and a description of the military benefits for such members involved in providing such training, equipment or assist-ance. ‘‘(6) A summary, by authority, of the activities carried out under each authority specified in subsection (c).’’. (c) M
ODIFICATION TO SPECIFIED AUTHORI -
TIES.—Subsection (c) of such section is amend-ed— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) Sections 256, 263, 271, 272, 273, 281, 284, 285, 286, and 287.’’. (2) by striking paragraphs (4), (5), (7), and (11); (3) by redesignating paragraphs (6), (8), (9), (10), and (12) through (17) as paragraphs (4) through (13), respectively; (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) Section 401, relating to humanitarian and civic assistance provided in conjunction with military operations. ‘‘(15) Section 1206 of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (128 Stat. 3538; 10 U.S.C. 2282 note), relating to authority to conduct human rights training of security forces and associated security ministries of for-eign countries. ‘‘(16) Section 1534 of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (128 Stat. 3616), relating to the Counterterrorism Partner-ships Fund. ‘‘(17) Section 1203 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 894; 10 U.S.C. 2011 note), relat-ing to training of general purpose forces of the United States Armed Forces with military and other security forces of friendly foreign coun-tries.’’; and (5) by striking ‘‘of title 10, United States Code’’ each place it appears. (d) F
ORM.—Subsection (e) of such section is amended by adding ‘‘that may also include other sensitive information’’ after ‘‘annex’’. (e) C
ODIFICATION OF SECTION 1211 OFFY 2015 NDAA.— (1) C
ODIFICATION .—Chapter 11 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 1261 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 251 a new section 252 consisting of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2523 May 17, 2016 
(A) a heading as follows: ‘‘§ 252. Annual report on programs carried out by the Department of Defense to provide training, equipment, or other assistance or reimbursement to foreign security forces’’; and (B) a text consisting of the text of subsections (a) through (e) of section 1211 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3544), as amended by subsections (a) through (d) of this section. (2) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 1211 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3544), as amended by subsections (a) through (d) of this section, is repealed. (f) R
EPEAL OF OTHER REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (1) A
NNUAL REPORT ON HUMANITARIAN AND  
CIVIC ASSISTANCE ACTIVITIES .—Section 401 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking subsection (d); and (B) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d). (2) S
EMI-ANNUAL REPORTS ON COUNTERTER -
RORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND .—Section 1534 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3616) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (g); and (B) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (g). (3) A
NNUAL REPORT ON USE OF AUTHORITY TO  
TRAIN GENERAL PURPOSE FORCES OF THE UNITED  
STATES ARMED FORCES WITH MILITARY AND  
OTHER SECURITY FORCES OF FRIENDLY FOREIGN  
COUNTRIES .—Section 1203 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 894; 10 U.S.C. 2011 note) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘sub-section (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; (B) by striking subsection (e); and (C) by redesignating subsections (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respectively. (4) A
NNUAL REPORT ON USE OF AUTHORITY FOR  
NATIONAL GUARD STATE PARTNERSHIP PRO -
GRAM .—Section 1205 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 897; 32 U.S.C. 107 note) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (f); and (B) by redesignating subsection (g), subsection (h), the second subsection (h), and subsection (i) as subsections (f), (g), (h), and (i), respectively. 
SEC. 1206. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center, or an-other appropriate independent entity, with ex-pertise in security cooperation to conduct an as-sessment of the Strategic Framework for Depart-ment of Defense Security Cooperation. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment under para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of each of the elements of the Strategic Framework for Department of De-fense Security Cooperation, as directed by sec-tion 1202 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1036; 10 U.S.C. 113 note). (B) An assessment of the extent to which secu-rity cooperation programs, individually and in combination, as identified in the Comptroller General Inventory of Department of Defense Se-curity Cooperation Programs directed in the committee report (H. Rept. 114–102) accom-panying the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, and any other relevant studies, contribute to the strategic goals, pri-mary objectives, priorities, and desired end- states of Department of Defense security co-operation programs. (C) Any other matters the entity that conducts the assessment considers appropriate. (b) REPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than November 1, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that includes the as-sessment under subsection (a) and any other matters the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) F
ORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan 
SEC. 1211. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF COMMANDERS’ EMERGENCY RE-SPONSE PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1201 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1619), as most re-cently amended by section 1211 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1042), is further amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘During fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘During the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2016, and ending on December 31, 2017’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘in such fiscal year’’ and in-serting ‘‘in such period’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’; and (3) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘in fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘during the period begin-ning on October 1, 2016, and ending on Decem-ber 31, 2017’’. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR CERTAIN PAYMENTS TO R
EDRESS INJURY AND LOSS IN IRAQ.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—During the period beginning on October 1, 2016, and ending on December 31, 2017, amounts available pursuant to section 1201 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012, as amended by this section, shall also be available for ex gratia payments for damage, personal injury, or death that is in-cident to combat operations of the Armed Forces in Iraq. (2) N
OTICE AND WAIT .—The authority in this subsection may not be used until 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense sub-mits to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (A) The amount that will be used for pay-ments pursuant to this subsection. (B) The manner in which claims for payments shall be verified. (C) The officers or officials who shall be au-thorized to approve claims for payments. (D) The manner in which payments shall be made. (3) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT AVAILABLE .—The total amount of payments made pursuant to this subsection during the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2016, and ending on December 31, 2017, may not exceed $5,000,000. (4) A
UTHORITIES APPLICABLE TO PAYMENT .— Any payment made pursuant to this subsection shall be made in accordance with the authorities and limitations in section 8121 of the Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2015 (divi-sion C of Public Law 113–235), other than sub-section (h) of such section. (5) C
ONSTRUCTION WITH RESTRICTION ON  
AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS .—For purposes of the ap-plication of subsection (e) of such section 1201, as so amended, to any payment pursuant to this subsection, such payment shall be deemed to be a project described by such subsection (e). 
SEC. 1212. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT OF CERTAIN COALITION NATIONS FOR SUPPORT PROVIDED TO UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1233 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1212 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1043), is further amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the period beginning on October 1, 2016, and ending on December 31, 2017,’’. (b) LIMITATION ON AMOUNTS AVAILABLE .— Subsection (d)(1) of such section, as so amended, is further amended— (1) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘during fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $1,160,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘during the period beginning on October 1, 2016, and ending on December 31, 2017, may not exceed $1,100,000,000’’ ; and (2) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the period beginning on October 1, 2016, and ending on December 31, 2017,’’. (c) E
XTENSION OF NOTICE REQUIREMENT RE-
LATING TO REIMBURSEMENT OF PAKISTAN FOR  S
UPPORT PROVIDED BY PAKISTAN .—Section 1232(b)(6) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1212(c) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (129 Stat. 1043), is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (d) E
XTENSION OF LIMITATION ON REIMBURSE -
MENT OF PAKISTAN PENDING CERTIFICATION ON  P
AKISTAN .—Section 1227(d)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2001), as most re-cently amended by section 1212(d) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (129 Stat. 1043), is further amended by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2016 or any prior fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘for any period prior to De-cember 31, 2017’’. (e) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON REIMBURSE -
MENT OF PAKISTAN PENDING CERTIFICATION ON  P
AKISTAN .—Of the total amount of reimburse-ments and support authorized for Pakistan dur-ing the period beginning on October 1, 2016, and ending on December 31, 2017, pursuant to the third sentence of section 1233(d)(1) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (as amended by subsection (b)(2)), $450,000,000 shall not be eligible for the waiver under section 1227(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (126 Stat. 2001) unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that— (1) Pakistan continues to conduct military op-erations in North Waziristan that are contrib-uting to significantly disrupting the safe haven and freedom of movement of the Haqqani Net-work in Pakistan; (2) Pakistan has taken steps to demonstrate its commitment to prevent the Haqqani Network from using North Waziristan as a safe haven; and (3) the Government of Pakistan actively co-ordinates with the Government of Afghanistan to restrict the movement of militants, such as the Haqqani Network, along the Afghanistan- Pakistan border. 
SEC. 1213. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO AC-QUIRE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PRODUCED IN COUNTRIES ALONG A MAJOR ROUTE OF SUPPLY TO AF-GHANISTAN. 
Section 801(f) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2399), as most recently amended by section 1214 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1045), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘De-cember 31, 2017’’. 
SEC. 1214. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO TRANS-FER DEFENSE ARTICLES AND PRO-VIDE DEFENSE SERVICES TO THE MILITARY AND SECURITY FORCES OF AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2524 May 17, 2016 
Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1992), as most recently amended by section 1215 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1045), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Subsection (f)(1) of such section, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2018’’. (c) E
XCESS DEFENSE ARTICLES .—Subsection (i)(2) of such section, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘,, 2015, and 2016’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘, 2015, 2016, and 2017’’. 
SEC. 1215. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON UNITED STATES POLICY AND STRATEGY IN AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) The United States continues to have vital national security interests in ensuring that Af-ghanistan is a stable, sovereign country. (2) President Obama signed a Strategic Part-nership Agreement and a Bilateral Security Agreement with the President of the Islamic Re-public of Afghanistan, which commits the United States to the long-term security of, and defense cooperation with, the Government of Af-ghanistan and designates Afghanistan as a ‘‘major non-NATO ally’’. (3) The unity government in Afghanistan, led by President Ghani and Chief Executive Abdullah, should be applauded for their contin-ued leadership and commitment to Afghani-stan’s stability and security. (4) Stability and security in Afghanistan rein-forces stability and security in the region. (5) The best long-term guarantor of stability and security in Afghanistan is a stable unity government and a capable Afghan National De-fense and Security Forces (ANDSF). (6) The President’s current policy is to draw down from 9,800 to 5,500 United States troops by January 1, 2017. As the recent commander in Af-ghanistan, General John Campbell, testified to the Senate Armed Services Committee, ‘‘the 5,500 [U.S. troops] plan was developed primarily around counterterrorism. There’s very limited train-advise-and-assist...in those numbers. To continue to build on the Afghan Security Forces, the gaps and seams in aviation, logis-tics, intelligence...we’d have to make some ad-justments to that number.’’. (7) The President’s policy of limiting the num-ber of United States troops that the commander can employ in Afghanistan is hindering the ef-fectiveness of the United States mission therein. (8) Further, at the current policy of 9,800 United States troops, the new commander of Op-eration Resolute Support in Afghanistan, Gen-eral John ‘‘Mick’’ Nicholson, agreed in testi-mony with the Senate Armed Services Committee that the security situation in Afghanistan has been deteriorating rather than improving. (9) General John Campbell also stated ‘‘. . .Afghan shortfalls will persist beyond 2016. Capability gaps still exist in fixed and rotary- wing aviation, combined arms operations, intel-ligence collection and dissemination, and main-tenance.’’. (10) General John Campbell further stated ‘‘I have the authority to protect coalition members against any insurgents. . .to attack the Taliban just because they’re Taliban, I do not have that authority.’’. (11) The Taliban have made territorial gains and are holding terrain in key geographic areas in Afghanistan, including in Helmand Province. (12) The Taliban held the city of Kunduz, Af-ghanistan, which is the first time the Taliban have held a major city in Afghanistan in 14 years. (13) The Haqqani Network, a designated for-eign terrorist organization aligned with the Taliban, is the most lethal group on the battle-field in Afghanistan, and continues to provide safe haven to al-Qaeda. (14) The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) has established an affiliate in Afghani-stan. (15) Since the death of the Taliban’s leader, Mullah Mohammad Omar, and the ascendance of Mullah Akhtar Mansoor and Saraj Haqqani, head of the Haqqani Network, to Taliban lead-ership, the Taliban have not engaged in polit-ical reconciliation negotiations with the Govern-ment of Afghanistan. (16) The President has the statutory, legal au-thority to strike the Taliban and the Haqqani Network. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the President should authorize at least 9,800 United States troops to continue the train, advise, and assist and counterterrorism missions in Afghanistan after 2016; (2) the President should provide the United States commander in Afghanistan with the au-thority to unilaterally strike the Taliban and the Haqqani Network; (3) the President should provide additional re-sources to strike the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) in Afghanistan; (4) the President should provide the United States commander in Afghanistan the authority to conduct the train, advise, and assist mission below the corps level of the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces (ANDSF); (5) the United States should provide United States Armed Forces lift and close air support to ANDSF units until the ANDSF has a fully capa-ble, organic lift and close air support capability and capacity; (6) the United States should provide monetary and advisory support for 352,000 ANDSF per-sonnel and 30,000 Afghan Local Police, includ-ing intelligence, surveillance, and reconnais-sance support, through 2018; (7) it should continue to be a top priority to provide United States Armed Forces deployed to Afghanistan with necessary medical, force pro-tection, and combat search and rescue support; and (8) United States military personnel who are tasked with the mission of providing combat search and rescue support, casualty evacuation, and medical support should not be counted as part of any force management level limitation on the number of United States ground forces in Afghanistan. 
SEC. 1216. SPECIAL IMMIGRANT STATUS FOR CER-TAIN AFGHANS. 
(a) A LIENS DESCRIBED .—Section 602(b)(2)(A)(ii)(I) of the Afghan Allies Protec-tion Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(I)(aa) by, or on behalf of, the United States Government, in the case of an application for Chief of Mission approval submitted before May 31, 2016; or ‘‘(bb) in the case of an application for Chief of Mission approval submitted on or after May 31, 2016, in a capacity that required the alien— ‘‘(AA) to serve as an interpreter or translator for United States military personnel in Afghani-stan while traveling off-base with such per-sonnel; or ‘‘(BB) to perform sensitive and trusted activi-ties for United States military personnel sta-tioned in Afghanistan; or’’. (b) N
UMERICAL LIMITATIONS .—Clauses (i) and (ii) of section 602(b)(3)(F) of such Act are each amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016;’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017;’’. (c) R
EPORT .—Section 602(b)(14) of such Act is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this paragraph,’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than December 31, 2016, and annually thereafter through January 31, 2021,’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘under this section;’’ and inserting ‘‘under subclause (I) or (II)(bb) of paragraph (2)(A)(ii);’’. Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria and Iraq SEC. 1221. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSIST-ANCE TO THE VETTED SYRIAN OPPO-SITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) R
EPROGRAMMING REQUIREMENT .—Sub- section (f) of such section, as amended by sec-tion 1225(e) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1055), is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) C
ERTIFICATION ACCOMPANYING RE -
PROGRAMMING REQUESTS .—Each request under paragraph (1) shall include a certification of the Secretary of Defense that— ‘‘(A) a required number and type of United States Armed Forces have been deployed to sup-port the strategy for Syria required under sec-tion 1225(b) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1054) and to support a plan to retake and hold Raqqa, Syria; and ‘‘(B) a required number and type of United States Armed Forces have been deployed to sup-port the elements of the Syrian opposition and other Syrian groups and individuals that are to be trained and equipped under this section to ensure that such elements, groups, and individ-uals are able to defend themselves from attacks by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and Government of Syria forces con-sistent with the purposes set forth in subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 1222. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSIST-ANCE TO COUNTER THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND THE LEVANT. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it should be the policy of the United States to support, within the framework of the Iraqi Constitution, the Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga, the Iraqi Security Forces, and Sunni tribal forces in the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant; (2) recognizing the important role of the Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga within the military cam-paign against ISIL in Iraq, the United States should provide arms, training, and appropriate equipment directly to the Kurdistan Regional Government; and (3) efforts should be made to ensure trans-parency and oversight mechanisms are in place for oversight of United States assistance to com-bat waste, fraud, and abuse. (b) A
UTHORITY .—Subsection (a) of section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3559) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (c) F
UNDING .—Subsection (g) of such section, as amended by section 1223 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1049), is further amended— (1) by striking the first sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated in the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 for Overseas Contingency Operations in title XV for fiscal year 2017, there are authorized to be appro-priated $680,000,000 to carry out this section.’’; and (2) by striking the second sentence. (d) S
UBMISSION OF PLANREQUIREMENT .—Sub- section (k) of such section is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2525 May 17, 2016 
‘‘(k) S UBMISSION OF PLANREQUIREMENT .—Not more than 75 percent of the funds authorized to be appropriated under this section may be obli-gated or expended until not earlier than 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, submits to the appropriate congressional committees a plan to re-take Mosul, Iraq from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and to hold Mosul, Iraq.’’. (e) B
RIEFING AND AUTHORITY TO ASSIST DI-
RECTLY CERTAIN COVERED GROUPS .—Subsection (l) of such section, as so amended, is further amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘A
S-
SESSMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘B RIEFING ’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘A
SSESSMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘B RIEFING ’’; (B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of’’ and inserting ‘‘provide to the appropriate congres-sional committees a briefing that includes an as-sessment of’’; (C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees an update of’’ and insert-ing ‘‘provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing that includes an update of’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the assessment is submitted’’ and inserting ‘‘the briefing is provided’’; and (D) by striking subparagraph (D); (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘If the President’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘Of the funds authorized to be appro-priated under this section, $50,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary of Defense’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘is authorized’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘stipends and sustainment’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Of the funds made available to carry out this sub-paragraph, not less than 33 percent shall be available for stipends and sustainment for the group described in subparagraph (D)(i).’’. (B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘C
OST-SHAR-
ING’’ and inserting ‘‘S UBMISSION OF PLAN ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘cost-sharing’’ and inserting ‘‘submission of plan’’; and (C) in subparagraph (D) to read as follows: ‘‘(D) C
OVERED GROUPS .—The groups described in this subparagraph are the following groups that are directly engaged in the campaign for Mosul, Iraq: ‘‘(i) The Iraqi Kurdish Peshmerga. ‘‘(ii) Sunni tribal security forces, or other local security forces, with a national security mission.’’. (f) P
ROHIBITION ON ASSISTANCE AND REPORT  
ONEQUIPMENT OR SUPPLIES TRANSFERRED TO OR  A
CQUIRED BY VIOLENT EXTREMIST ORGANIZA -
TIONS .— (1) P
ROHIBITION .—Assistance authorized under section 1236 of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3559), as so amended, may not be provided to the Government of Iraq after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the appropriate congressional com-mittees, after the date of the enactment of this Act, that the Government of Iraq has taken such actions as may be reasonably necessary to safeguard against such assistance being trans-ferred to or acquired by violent extremist organi-zations. (2) B
RIEFING .— (A) B
RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense makes any determination that equip-ment or supplies provided pursuant to section 1236(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3559), as so amended, have been transferred to or acquired by a violent extremist organization, the Secretary shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing that contains a description of the determination of the Secretary and the transfer to or acquisi-tion by the violent extremist organization. (B) ELEMENTS .—Each briefing under para-graph (1) shall include, with respect to the transfer covered by the report, the following: (i) An assessment of the type and quantity of equipment or supplies transferred to the violent extremist organization. (ii) A description of the criteria used to deter-mine that the organization is a violent extremist organization. (iii) A description, if known, of how the equipment or supplies were transferred to or ac-quired by the violent extremist organization. (iv) If the equipment or supplies are deter-mined to remain under the current control of the violent extremist organization, a description of the organization, including its relationship, if any, to the security forces of the Government of Iraq. (v) A description of the end use monitoring or other policies and procedures in place in order to prevent equipment or supplies to be trans-ferred to or acquired by violent extremist organi-zations. (3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (i) the congressional defense committees; and (ii) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (B) V
IOLENT EXTREMIST ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘violent extremist organization’’ means an organization that— (i) is a foreign terrorist organization des-ignated by the Secretary of State under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189) or is associated with a foreign ter-rorist organization; or (ii) is known to be under the command and control of, or is associated with, the Government of Iran. 
SEC. 1223. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO SUPPORT OPER-ATIONS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE OF-FICE OF SECURITY COOPERATION IN IRAQ. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (f)(1) of section 1215 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1631; 10 U.S.C. 113 note), as most recently amended by section 1221 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1047), is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, Iraqi Border Police,’’ after ‘‘Iraqi Ministry of Defense’’. (b) A
UTHORITY .—Subsection (a) of such sec-tion is amended by striking ‘‘transition’’ and in-serting ‘‘security’’. (c) A
MOUNT AVAILABLE .—Such section, as so amended, is further amended— (1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’. 
SEC. 1224. REPORT ON PREVENTION OF FUTURE TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS IN IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report that de-scribes the political, economic, and security con-ditions in Iraq and Syria that would be nec-essary and sufficient to prevent the formation of future terrorist organizations in Iraq and Syria that may present a danger to the United States, its allies, and the stability of Iraq, Syria, and the rest of the Middle East region. (b) MATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report re-quired under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A detailed construct of the conditions that must be met for the Islamic State to be consid-ered defeated and a successful conclusion to Op-eration Inherent Resolve achieved. (2) A detailed explanation of the political, eco-nomic, and security conditions that would— (A) provide reasonable confidence a new ter-rorist organization, including a successor to al Qaeda or Islamic State, or an unrelated organi-zation, would not form in the region in the short and long term; (B) decrease probability of terrorist attacks on the United States, its allies, and countries in the Middle East; (C) eliminate safe havens for terrorist organi-zations in Syria and Iraq; and (D) diminish refugee flows within and out of Iraq and Syria. (3) A strategy for the United States and its al-lies and partners to facilitate those political, economic, and security conditions in the short and long term, including a description of— (A) the posture, roles, and activities of the De-partment of Defense in Iraq and Syria and the region; (B) the roles and responsibilities of United States’ allies and regional partners; and (C) the roles and responsibilities for other countries and groups in the region, including Kurds, Shia, and Sunni groups in Iraq and Syria, and Saudi Arabia and Iran. (4) Any other matters the Secretary of Defense may determine to be appropriate. (c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if nec-essary. 
SEC. 1225. SEMIANNUAL REPORT ON INTEGRA-TION OF POLITICAL AND MILITARY STRATEGIES AGAINST ISIL. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress, on a semiannual basis, a report on the political and military strategies to defeat the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. (2) S
UBMITTAL .— A report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted not later than June 15 each year, for the 6-month period ending on May 31 of such year, and not later than Decem-ber 15 each year, for the 6-month period ending on November 30 of such year. (3) F
ORM.—Each report required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—Each report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Military strategy and objectives of the United States Department of Defense and coali-tion partners against the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (hereinafter in this section re-ferred to as ‘‘ISIL’’); (2) Political strategy and objectives of the United States Department of State and coalition partners to address the political roots under-lying the growth of ISIL, including— (A) a comprehensive political plan for achiev-ing a transition plan, interim government, and free and fair internationally monitored elections after the end of the current government headed by Bashar al-Assad; (B) a comprehensive political plan for Iraqi political reform and reconciliation between eth-nic groups and political parties (including a plan for passage of national guard legislation, repeal of de-Baathification laws, and a plan for equitable petroleum revenue sharing with the Kurdistan Regional Government); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2526 May 17, 2016 
(C) a critical assessment of the current size and structure of the Iraqi Security Forces (here-inafter in this section referred to as ‘‘ISF’’) in-cluding an assessment of— (i) provincial and neighborhood militias and special counterterrorism units; (ii) any changes in strength and mix of force structure within the ISF; (iii) levels of recruitment, retention, and attri-tion within ISF forces; and (iv) the operating budget of the ISF. (c) R
EPORT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a review of— (1) the transparency and anti-fraud, internal controls and accounting, and other measures undertaken by the Government of Iraq for the ISF, including irregular forces, relating to cash transfers and other assistance provided through the Iraq Train and Equip Fund; and (2) the financial management capacity and accountability of United States direct assistance with respect to all recipients of funding under the Iraq Train and Equip Fund. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (e) S
UNSET .—The requirements under this sec-tion shall expire on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to the Russian Federation 
SEC. 1231. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO AP-PROVE OR OTHERWISE PERMIT AP-PROVAL OF CERTAIN REQUESTS BY RUSSIAN FEDERATION UNDER OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) C
OVERED STATE PARTY .—The term ‘‘cov-ered state party’’ means a foreign country that— (A) is a state party to the Open Skies Treaty; and (B) is a United States ally. (3) O
BSERVATION AIRCRAFT , OBSERVATION  
FLIGHT , AND SENSOR .—The terms ‘‘observation aircraft’’, ‘‘observation flight’’, and ‘‘sensor’’ have the meanings given such terms in Article II of the Open Skies Treaty. (4) O
PEN SKIES TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. (b) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made avail-able by this Act or any other Act for fiscal year 2017 or any subsequent fiscal year may be used to approve or otherwise permit the approval of a request by the Russian Federation to carry out an initial or exhibition observation flight or certification event of an observation aircraft on which is installed an upgraded sensor with in-frared or synthetic aperture radar capability over the territory of the United States or over the territory of a covered state party under the Open Skies Treaty unless and until the Sec-retary of Defense, jointly with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, and the commander of U.S. Strategic Command and the Commander of U.S. Northern Command in the case of a flight over the territory of the United States and the Com-mander of U.S. European Command in the case of other flights, submits to the appropriate con-gressional committees the following: (1) CERTIFICATION .—A certification that— (A) the Russian Federation— (i) is taking no action that is inconsistent with the terms of the Open Skies Treaty; (ii) is not exceeding the imagery limits set forth in the Treaty; and (iii) is allowing overflights by covered state parties over all of Moscow, Chechnya, Abkhazia, South Ossetia, and Kaliningrad without restriction and without inconsistency to requirements under the Open Skies Treaty; and (B) covered state parties have been notified and briefed on concerns of the intelligence com-munity (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) regarding upgraded sensors used under the Open Skies Treaty. (2) R
EPORT .—A report on the Open Skies Treaty that includes the following: (A) The annual costs to the United States as-sociated with countermeasures to combat poten-tial abuses of Russian flights carried out under the Open Skies Treaty over European and United States territories with a sensor described in paragraph (1)(B). (B) A plan to replace the Open Skies Treaty architecture with a more robust sharing of over-head commercial imagery, consistent with United States national security, with covered state parties, excluding the Russian Federation. (C) An evaluation by the Director of National Intelligence of matters concerning how an obser-vation flight described in subparagraph (A) could implicate intelligence activities of the Rus-sian Federation in the United States and United States counterintelligence activities and vulnerabilities. (D) An assessment of how such information is used by the Russian Federation, for what pur-pose, and how the information fits into the Rus-sian Federation’s overall collection posture. (c) N
OTICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 14 days after the completion of an observation flight over the United States, the Secretary of Defense, jointly with the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, shall notify the appropriate congressional committees of such flight. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Notice submitted for a flight pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) A description of the flight path. (B) An analysis of whether and the extent to which any United States critical infrastructure was the subject of image capture activities of such flight. (C) An estimate for the mitigation costs im-posed on the Department of Defense or other United States Government agencies by such flight. (D) An assessment of how such information is used by the Russian Federation, for what pur-pose, and how the information fits into the Rus-sian Federation’s overall collection posture. (d) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not more than 65 percent of the funds authorized to be appropriated or oth-erwise made available by this Act or any other Act for fiscal year 2017 year may be used to carry out any activities to implement the Open Skies Treaty until the requirements described in paragraph (2) are met. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS DESCRIBED .—The require-ments described in this paragraph are the fol-lowing: (A) The Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the National Geospatial-Intel-ligence Agency jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the fol-lowing: (i) Whether it is possible, consistent with United States national security interests, to pro-vide enhanced access to United States commer-cial imagery or other United States capabilities, consistent with the protection of sources and methods and United States national security, to covered state parties that is qualitatively similar to that derived by flights over the territory of the United States or over the territory of a cov-ered state party under the Open Skies Treaty, on a more timely basis. (ii) What the cost would be to provide en-hanced access to such commercial imagery or other capabilities as compared to the current im-agery sharing through the Open Skies Treaty. (iii) Whether any new agreements would be needed to provide enhanced access to such com-mercial imagery or other capabilities and what would be required to obtain such agreements. (iv) Whether transitioning to such commercial imagery or other capabilities from the current imagery sharing through the Open Skies Treaty would reduce opportunities by the Russian Fed-eration to exceed imagery limits and reduce util-ity for Russian intelligence collection against the United States or covered state parties. (v) How such commercial imagery or other ca-pabilities would compare to the current imagery sharing through the Open Skies Treaty. (B) The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Director of the National Geospatial In-telligence Agency and the Secretary of Defense, submits to the appropriate congressional com-mittees an unclassified report that— (i) details the costs for implementation of the Open Skies Treaty, including— (I) mitigation costs relating to national secu-rity; and (II) aircraft, sensors, and related overhead and treaty implementation costs for covered state parties; and (ii) describes the impact on contributions by covered state parties and relationships among covered state parties in the context of the Open Skies Treaty, the North Atlantic Treaty Organi-zation, and any other venues for United States partnership dialogue and activity. SEC. 1232. MILITARY RESPONSE OPTIONS TO RUS-SIAN FEDERATION VIOLATION OF INF TREATY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An amount equal to $10,000,000 of the amount authorized to be ap-propriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 to provide support services to the Executive Office of the President shall be withheld from obliga-tion or expenditure until the Secretary of De-fense— (1) submits to the appropriate congressional committees the plan for the development of mili-tary capabilities as described in paragraph (1) of section 1243(d) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1062); and (2) carries out the development of capabilities pursuant to such plan in accordance with the requirements described in paragraph (3) of such section. (b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘ap-propriate congressional committees’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1243(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016. 
SEC. 1233. LIMITATION ON MILITARY COOPERA-TION BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense may be used for any bilateral military-to-military cooperation be-tween the Governments of the United States and the Russian Federation until the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that— (1) the Russian Federation has ceased its oc-cupation of Ukrainian territory and its aggres-sive activities that threaten the sovereignty and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2527 May 17, 2016 
territorial integrity of Ukraine and members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; and (2) the Russian Federation is abiding by the terms of and taking steps in support of the Minsk Protocols regarding a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine. (b) N
ONAPPLICABILITY .—The limitation in sub-section (a) shall not apply to— (1) any activities necessary to ensure the com-pliance of the United States with its obligations or the exercise of rights of the United States under any bilateral or multilateral arms control or nonproliferation agreement or any other trea-ty obligation of the United States; and (2) any activities required to provide logistical or other support to the conduct of United States or North Atlantic Treaty Organization military operations in Afghanistan or the withdrawal from Afghanistan. (c) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Sec-retary of Defense, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State— (1) determines that the waiver is in the na-tional security interest of the United States; and (2) submits to the appropriate congressional committees— (A) a notification that the waiver is in the na-tional security interest of the United States and a description of the national security interest covered by the waiver; and (B) a report explaining why the Secretary of Defense cannot make the certification under subsection (a). (d) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN MILITARY  B
ASES.—The certification requirement specified in paragraph (1) of subsection (a) shall not apply to military bases of the Russian Federa-tion in Ukraine’s Crimean peninsula operating in accordance with its 1997 agreement on the Status and Conditions of the Black Sea Fleet Stationing on the Territory of Ukraine. (e) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1234. STATEMENT OF POLICY ON UNITED STATES EFFORTS IN EUROPE TO RE-ASSURE UNITED STATES PARTNERS AND ALLIES AND DETER AGGRES-SION BY THE GOVERNMENT OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Russian Federation, under the leader-ship of President Vladimir Putin, continues to demonstrate its intent to expand its sphere of in-fluence and limit Western influence both region-ally and globally. (2) In March 2016, at a House Armed Services Committee hearing discussing worldwide threats, Major General James Marrs, Director for Intelligence in the Joint Staff stated, ‘‘prin-cipally, what we are seeing in Russia. . .is just a breadth of capabilities from strategic systems to anti access area denial to even, I would say, a growing adeptness at operating sort of just short of traditional military conflict that is pos-ing a significant challenge in the future’’. (3) In July 2015, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Joseph Dunford, testified to the Senate Armed Services Committee, that ‘‘Russia presents the greatest threat to our na-tional security’’. In November 2015, Secretary of Defense, Ashton Carter, discussed the need for ‘‘adapting our operational posture and contin-gency plans. . .to deter Russia’s aggression’’. (4) In February 2016, the Rand Corporation released its report, ‘‘Reinforcing Deterrence on NATO’s Eastern Flank’’, concluding that at a maximum it would take Russian forces approxi-mately 60 hours to reach the capitals of Estonia and Latvia, exhibiting the challenge to North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) member countries of successfully defending such terri-tory with its current posture and capability. (5) In February 2016, the Center for Strategic and International Studies released its report, ‘‘Evaluating U.S. Army Force Posture in Eu-rope’’, calling for increased pre-positioned sets of United States military equipment, increased rotational forces and associated enablers, in-creased logistics capabilities, and increased in-vestment in combating unconventional warfare methods in Europe. (6) In February 2016, the National Commission on the Future of the Army released its findings and recommendations, which included Rec-ommendation 14 calling for stationing an Ar-mored Brigade Combat Team Forward in Europe and Recommendation 15 calling for the conver-sion of Army Europe Aviation Headquarters to a warfighting mission command. (7) In the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 114–92) and the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 113–291), Congress au-thorized approximately $1,800,000,000 for the Eu-ropean Reassurance Initiative to reassure allies through expanded United States military pres-ence in Europe through rotational deployments of United States troops, bilateral and multilat-eral exercises, improved infrastructure, in-creased pre-positioned United States military equipment, and building partnership capacity. (8) The budget of the President for fiscal year 2017 submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, includes $3,420,000,000 for the European Reassurance Ini-tiative to begin the transition from primarily re-assuring United States partners and allies to de-terring the Russian Federation. (9) The request encompasses a large increase of conventional resources, including additional rotational deployments of United States troops and pre-positioning an Armored Brigade Combat Team’s worth of equipment into Europe. (10) The request also includes increased fund-ing for unconventional warfare resources, in-cluding cyber and special operations forces, as well as for intelligence and indicators and warning. (b) STATEMENT OF POLICY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—It is the policy of the United States to reassure United States partners and al-lies in Europe and to work with United States partners and allies to deter aggression by the Government of the Russian Federation in order to enhance regional and global security and sta-bility. (2) C
ONDUCT OF POLICY .—The policy described in paragraph (1) shall, among other things, be carried out through a comprehensive defense strategy and guidance to outline the future path of defense resources and capabilities in the Eu-ropean theater. Such strategy and guidance shall include— (A) use and expansion of conventional meth-ods, including increased United States presence, pre-positioning of United States military equip-ment, increased infrastructure, and building partnership capacity in Europe; (B) emphasis on developing capabilities for countering unconventional methods of warfare, including cyber warfare, economic warfare, in-formation operations, and intelligence oper-ations; and (C) encouraging security assistance and capa-bilities of partners and allies, including NATO member countries. 
SEC. 1235. MODIFICATION OF UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE .—Sub- section (a) of section 1250 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1068) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Of the amounts’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of Defense’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘is authorized’’ before ‘‘to provide’’. (b) AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Subsection (c) of such section is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; (3) in paragraph (1) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘pursuant to subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘to carry out this section for a fis-cal year’’; and (4) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘commencing on the date that is six months after the date of the enactment of this Act’’. 
SEC. 1236. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS RELATING TO SOVEREIGNTY OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION OVER CRIMEA. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the De-partment of Defense may be obligated or ex-pended to implement any activity that recog-nizes the sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may waive the restriction on the obligation or ex-penditure of funds required by subsection (a) if the Secretary— (1) determines that to do so is in the national security interest of the United States; and (2) submits to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a notification of the waiver at the time the waiver is invoked. 
SEC. 1237. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF REPORT ON MILITARY ASSISTANCE TO UKRAINE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Ukraine’s border is 6,995 kilometers long, including 1,974 kilometers of controlled border with the Russian Federation, 195 kilometers of an administrative line with Crimea, and 409 kil-ometers of border in the east that is currently uncontrolled. (2) Since the beginning of the Russian- Ukrainian conflict in 2014, 64 Ukrainian border guards have been killed and another 391 have been wounded. (3) Implementation of the Minsk Agreement, signed in February 2015, requires the State Bor-der Guard Service of Ukraine to reestablish bor-der checkpoints in currently uncontrolled terri-tory and to monitor the border to verify full im-plementation of the Agreement. (4) Ukraine is developing engineering and technical systems to strengthen the controlled border between Ukraine and the Russian Fed-eration, Ukrainian maritime borders, and areas adjacent to the uncontrolled territory and occu-pied Crimea. (5) Russian unmanned aerial vehicles are being used to support Russian-backed separatist artillery fire against Ukrainian forces. (6) Due to a lack of resources and equipment, Ukraine lacks an effective early warning net-work to warn of any new aggression on the bor-der. (7) Section 1250 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1068) calls for the United States to provide to Ukraine critical training and equipment to enhance the capabilities of the military and other security forces of Ukraine to defend against further aggression from the Rus-sian Federation and Russian-backed separatists. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States should continue to sup-port the Government of Ukraine’s efforts to pro-vide and maintain security in Ukraine; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2528 May 17, 2016 
(2) the State Border Guard Service of Ukraine needs sufficient equipment and technical assist-ance to defend and monitor Ukraine’s borders and to fully implement the Minsk Agreement; and (3) the Department of Defense should con-tinue its work with the Ukrainian military, Ukrainian National Guard, and Ukrainian State Border Guard Service to strengthen Ukraine’s defenses and defend its borders against aggressive actions. (c) M
ODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF REPORT  
ONMILITARY ASSISTANCE TO UKRAINE .— (1) C
ONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES .—Subsection (b) of section 1275 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3591) is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘congres-sional defense committees’’. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Subsection (c) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) A description of the extent to which the Department of Defense has provided security as-sistance to the Government of Ukraine for the purposes of protecting and monitoring the bor-ders of Ukraine.’’. (3) E
XTENSION .—Subsection (e) of such sec-tion, as amended by section 1250(g) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1070), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1238. ADDITIONAL MATTERS IN ANNUAL RE-PORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVELOPMENTS INVOLVING THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) A DDITIONAL MATTERS .—Subsection (b) of section 1245 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3566), as amended by section 1248(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1066), is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (18) as para-graph (19); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (17) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(18) The current state of Russia’s foreign military deployments, which shall include the following: ‘‘(A) For each such deployment, the estimated number of forces, types of capabilities to include advanced weapons, length of deployment, and where possible identifying basing agreements. ‘‘(B) The following information with respect to such deployments to be disaggregated on a country-by-country basis: ‘‘(i) The number of Russian military per-sonnel, including combat troops, military train-ers, combat enabling capabilities and border se-curity agents, deployed to the country with the consent of the national or local government. Such information should include the length of the basing arrangements and the strategic im-portance of the location. ‘‘(ii) The number of such Russian military personnel deployed in areas where Russian forces entered the country by force or are other-wise deployed over the objections of the national or local government.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to reports submitted under section 1245 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 after that date. Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 1241. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON MALIGN AC-TIVITIES OF THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that the Gov-ernment of Iran continues to conduct provoca-tive, malign activities in the region, including— (1) the launch of the Shahab-3 medium-range ballistic missile and Qiam-1 short-range ballistic missiles; (2) the intent to launch the Simorgh Space- Launch Vehicle (SLV) as stated by Lieutenant General Vincent Stewart in testimony to the House Armed Services Committee: ‘‘Iran stated publicly it intends to launch the Simorgh (SLV), which would be capable of intercontinental bal-listic missile (ICBM) range.’’; (3) the detention of United States service mem-bers, which the Secretary of Defense, Ashton Carter, described in testimony to the House Armed Services Committee as ‘‘unprofessional’’ and ‘‘outrageous’’; (4) the support of foreign terrorist organiza-tions designated by the Department of State, such as Lebanese Hezbollah and Kata’ib Hizbollah; (5) the support of the Assad regime in Syria; (6) the support of Shia militias in Iraq that have been directly responsible for the deaths of United States service members; and (7) the support of the Houthi rebels in Yemen in contravention to the internationally-recog-nized, legitimate Government of Yemen. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) does not address the totality of the malign activities of the Government of Iran, in-cluding ballistic missile launches, support for designated foreign terrorist organizations, or other proxies conducting malign activities in the region and globally; (2) the United States should increase its ef-forts to counter the continued expansion of ma-lign activities of the Government of Iran in the Middle East; (3) the United States should ensure that it has robust, enduring military posture and capabili-ties forward deployed in the Arabian Gulf re-gion to deter Iranian aggression and respond to Iranian aggression, if necessary; and (4) the United States should strengthen bal-listic missile defense capabilities and increase se-curity assistance to United States partners and allies in the region. 
SEC. 1242. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVEL-OPMENTS INVOLVING THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Subsection (a) of sec-tion 1202 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 781; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking ‘‘March 1 each year’’ and inserting ‘‘January 31 of each year through January 31, 2021’’. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—Subsection (b) of such section, as most recently amended by section 1252(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3571), is further amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(21) A summary of the order of battle of the People’s Liberation Army, including anti-ship ballistic missiles, theater ballistic missiles, and land attack cruise missile inventory.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section take effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act and apply with respect to re-ports required to be submitted under subsection (a) of section 1202 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 on or after that date. 
SEC. 1243. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON TRILATERAL COOPERATION BETWEEN JAPAN, SOUTH KOREA, AND THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) Japan and the Republic of Korea (South Korea) are both treaty allies and critically im-portant security partners of the United States. (2) Japan and South Korea confront a range of shared challenges to their national security and to stability in the Asia-Pacific region, in-cluding the multitude of threats posed by the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (North Korea). (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States should continue to sup-port trilateral cooperation with Japan and South Korea; (2) the United States should continue to sup-port defense cooperation between Japan and South Korea on the full range of issues related to North Korea and to other security challenges in the Asia-Pacific region; and (3) the United States should seek to facilitate closer security cooperation with and between Japan and South Korea on— (A) non-proliferation; (B) cyber security; (C) maritime security; (D) security technology and capability devel-opment; and (E) other areas of mutual security benefit. 
SEC. 1244. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON COOPERA-TION BETWEEN SINGAPORE AND THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) 2016 is the 50th year of relations between the United States and the Republic of Singa-pore. (2) The United States and Singapore signed an enhanced defense cooperation agreement on December 7, 2015. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States should continue to con-duct bilateral cooperation and support the stra-tegic partnership with Singapore to promote peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region; (2) the United States welcomes the signing of the enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement with Singapore and should expand bilateral training and cooperation on security issues, in-cluding maritime security, cyber security, coun-tering violent extremism, humanitarian assist-ance, and disaster relief; (3) the United States should continue efforts with Singapore to address transnational issues and strengthen regional and multilateral insti-tutions that promote security cooperation based on internationally accepted rules and norms; and (4) the United States should improve joint interoperability and security collaboration with Singapore to enhance capabilities to maintain regional stability. 
SEC. 1245. MONITORING AND EVALUATION OF OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DIS-ASTER, AND CIVIC AID PROGRAMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act for Overseas Hu-manitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid, the Sec-retary of Defense is authorized to use up to 5 percent of such amounts to conduct monitoring and evaluation of programs that are funded using such amounts during fiscal year 2017. (b) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall provide to the appro-priate congressional committees a briefing on mechanisms to evaluate the programs conducted pursuant to the authorities listed in subsection (a). (c) D
EFINITION .—In subsection (b), the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1246. ENHANCEMENT OF INTERAGENCY SUP-PORT DURING CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS AND TRANSITION PERIODS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State may enter into an agreement under which each Secretary may pro-vide covered support, supplies, and services on a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2529 May 17, 2016 
reimbursement basis, or by exchange of covered support, supplies, and services, to the other Sec-retary during a contingency operation and re-lated transition period for up to two years fol-lowing the end of such contingency operation. (b) A
GREEMENT .—An agreement entered into under this section shall be in writing and shall include the following terms: (1) The price charged by a supplying agency shall be the direct costs that such agency in-curred by providing the covered support, sup-plies, or services to the requesting agency under this section. (2) Credits and liabilities of the agencies ac-crued as a result of acquisitions and transfers of covered support, supplies, and services under this section shall be liquidated not less often than once every 3 months by direct payment to the agency supplying such support, supplies, or services by the agency receiving such support, supplies, or services. (3) Exchange entitlements accrued as a result of acquisitions and transfers of covered support, supplies, and services under this section shall be satisfied within 12 months after the date of the delivery of the covered support, supplies, or services. Exchange entitlements not so satisfied shall be immediately liquidated by direct pay-ment to the agency supplying such covered sup-port, supplies, or services. (c) E
FFECT OF OBLIGATION AND AVAILABILITY  
OFFUNDS.—An order placed by an agency pur-suant to an agreement under this section is deemed to be an obligation in the same manner that a similar order placed under a contract with, or a contract for similar goods or services awarded to, a private contractor is an obliga-tion. Appropriations remain available to pay an obligation to the servicing agency in the same manner as appropriations remain available to pay an obligation to a private contractor. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED SUPPORT , SUPPLIES , AND SERV -
ICES.—The term ‘‘covered support, supplies, and services’’ means food, billeting, transportation (including airlift), petroleum, oils, lubricants, communications services, medical services, am-munition, base operations support, use of facili-ties, spare parts and components, repair and maintenance services, and calibration services. (2) C
ONTINGENCY OPERATION .—The term ‘‘con-tingency operation’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(13) of title 10, United States Code. (e) C
REDITING OF RECEIPTS .—Any receipt as a result of an agreement entered into under this section shall be credited, at the option of the Secretary of Defense with respect to the Depart-ment of Defense and the Secretary of State with respect to the Department of State, to— (1) the appropriation, fund, or account used in incurring the obligation; or (2) an appropriate appropriation, fund, or ac-count currently available for the purposes for which the expenditures were made. (f) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the end of a fiscal year in which covered support, supplies, and services are provided or exchanged pursuant to an agreement under this section, the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of State shall jointly submit to the con-gressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives a notification that contains a copy of such agreement and a description of such covered support, supplies, and services. (g) S
UNSET .—The authority to enter into an agreement under this section shall terminate at the close of December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 1247. TWO-YEAR EXTENSION AND MODIFICA-TION OF AUTHORIZATION OF NON- CONVENTIONAL ASSISTED RECOV-ERY CAPABILITIES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (h) of section 943 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4579), as most re-cently amended by section 1271 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1075), is further amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. (b) MODIFICATION TO AUTHORIZED ACTIVI -
TIES.—Subsection (c) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘, or other individuals, as deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense, with respect to already established non-conventional assisted recovery capabilities’’ before the period at the end of the first sentence. 
SEC. 1248. AUTHORITY TO DESTROY CERTAIN SPECIFIED WORLD WAR II-ERA UNITED STATES-ORIGIN CHEMICAL MUNITIONS LOCATED ON SAN JOSE ISLAND, REPUBLIC OF PANAMA. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense may destroy the chemical munitions described in subsection (c). (2) E
X GRATIA ACTION .—The action authorized by this section is ‘‘ex gratia’’ on the part of the United States, as the term ‘‘ex gratia’’ is used in section 321 of the Strom Thurmond National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–261; 10 U.S.C. 2701 note). (3) C
ONSULTATION BETWEEN SECRETARY OF DE -
FENSE AND SECRETARY OF STATE .—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall con-sult and develop any arrangements with the Re-public of Panama with respect to this section. (b) C
ONDITIONS .—The Secretary of Defense may exercise the authority under subsection (a) only if the Republic of Panama has— (1) revised the declaration of the Republic of Panama under the Convention on the Prohibi-tion of the Development, Production, Stock-piling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction to indicate that the chemical munitions described in subsection (c) are ‘‘old chemical weapons’’ rather than ‘‘abandoned chemical weapons’’; and (2) affirmed, in writing, that it understands (A) that the United States intends only to de-stroy the munitions described in subsections (c) and (d), and (B) that the United States is not le-gally obligated and does not intend to destroy any other munitions, munitions constituents, and associated debris that may be located on San Jose Island as a result of research, develop-ment, and testing activities conducted on San Jose Island during the period of 1943 through 1947. (c) C
HEMICAL MUNITIONS .—The chemical mu-nitions described in this subsection are the eight United States-origin chemical munitions located on San Jose Island, Republic of Panama, that were identified in the 2002 Final Inspection Re-port of the Technical Secretariat of the Organi-zation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. (d) L
IMITED INCIDENTAL AUTHORITY TO DE-
STROY OTHER MUNITIONS .—In exercising the au-thority under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense may destroy other munitions located on San Jose Island, Republic of Panama, but only to the extent essential and required to reach and destroy the chemical munitions described in sub-section (c). (e) S
OURCE OF FUNDS.—Of the amounts au-thorized to be appropriated by this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense may use up to $30,000,000 from amounts made available for Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense to carry out the authority in subsection (a). (f) S
UNSET .—The authority under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1249. STRATEGY FOR UNITED STATES DE-FENSE INTERESTS IN AFRICA. 
(a) R EQUIRED REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report that con-tains the strategy for United States defense in-terests in Africa. (b) MATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report re-quired by subsection (a) shall address the fol-lowing: (1) United States national security interests in Africa, including an assessment of threats to global and regional United States national secu-rity interests emanating from the continent. (2) United States defense objectives in Africa. (3) Courses of action to accomplish United States defense objectives in Africa, including those conducted in cooperation with other Fed-eral agencies. (4) Measures to improve coordination between United States Africa Command and other com-batant commands to achieve unity of effort to counter threats that cross combatant command boundaries. (5) Department of Defense capabilities and re-sources required to achieve defense objectives in Africa, and the mitigation plan to address any gaps in such capabilities or resources that affect the implementation of the strategy required by subsection (a). (6) Security cooperation initiatives to advance defense objectives in Africa. (7) Any other matters the Secretary of Defense determines to be appropriate. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if necessary. 
SEC. 1250. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL DIRECTED EN-ERGY COOPERATION. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOESTABLISH DIRECTED EN-
ERGY CAPABILITIES PROGRAM WITHISRAEL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, upon the request of the Ministry of Defense of Israel, and with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of State, may carry out research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation activities, on a joint basis with Israel, to establish directed energy capabilities to detect and defeat ballistic mis-siles, cruise missiles, unmanned aerial vehicles, mortars, and improvised explosive devices that threaten the United States, deployed forces of the United States, or Israel. Any activities car-ried out pursuant to such authority shall be conducted in a manner that appropriately pro-tects sensitive information and the national se-curity interests of the United States and Israel. (2) R
EPORT .—The activities described in para-graph (1) may be carried out after the Secretary of Defense submits to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a report setting forth the fol-lowing: (A) A memorandum of agreement between the United States and Israel regarding sharing of research and development costs for the capabili-ties described in paragraph (1), and any sup-porting documents. (B) A certification that the memorandum of agreement— (i) requires sharing of costs of projects, includ-ing in-kind support, between the United States and Israel; (ii) establishes a framework to negotiate the rights to any intellectual property developed under the memorandum of agreement; and (iii) requires the United States Government to receive semiannual reports on expenditure of funds, if any, by the Government of Israel, in-cluding a description of what the funds have been used for, when funds were expended, and an identification of entities that expended the funds. (3) A
NNUAL LIMITATION ON AMOUNT .—The amount of support provided under this sub-section in any year may not exceed $25,000,000. (b) L
EADAGENCY .—The Secretary of Defense shall designate the Missile Defense Agency as the appropriate research and development entity and as the lead agency of the Department of Defense in carrying out this section. (c) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS .—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress on a semiannual basis a report that contains a copy of the most recent semi-annual report provided by the Government of Israel to the Department of Defense pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2530 May 17, 2016 
(d) S UNSET .—The authority in this section to carry out activities described in subsection (a) shall expire on December 31, 2018. (e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Appro-priations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1251. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SUPPORT FOR ESTONIA, LATVIA, AND LITH-UANIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) The Baltic States of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania are highly valued allies of the United States, and they have repeatedly demonstrated their commitment to advancing our mutual in-terests as well as those of the NATO Alliance. (2) Operation Atlantic Resolve is a series of exercises and coordinating efforts demonstrating the United States’ commitment to its European partners and allies, including the Baltic States of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, with the shared goal of peace and stability in the region. Operation Atlantic Resolve strengthens commu-nication and understanding, and is an impor-tant effort to deter Russian aggression in the re-gion. (3) Through Operation Atlantic Resolve, the European Reassurance Initiative undertakes ex-ercises, training, and rotational presence nec-essary to reassure and integrate our allies, in-cluding the Baltic States, into a common defense framework. (4) All three Baltic States contributed to the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan, sending disproportionate numbers of troops and operating with few cave-ats. The Baltic States continue to engage in Op-eration Resolute Support in Afghanistan. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) reaffirms its support for the principle of collective defense in Article 5 of the North At-lantic Treaty for our NATO allies, including Es-tonia, Latvia, and Lithuania; (2) supports the sovereignty, independence, territorial integrity, and inviolability of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania as well as their inter-nationally recognized borders, and expresses concerns over increasingly aggressive military maneuvering by the Russian Federation near their borders and airspace; (3) expresses concern over and condemns sub-versive and destabilizing activities by the Rus-sian Federation within the Baltic States; and (4) encourages the Administration to further enhance defense cooperation efforts with Esto-nia, Latvia, and Lithuania and supports the ef-forts of their Governments to provide for the de-fense of their people and sovereign territory. 
SEC. 1252. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SUPPORT FOR GEORGIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) Georgia is a valued friend of the United States and has repeatedly demonstrated its com-mitment to advancing the mutual interests of both countries, including the deployment of Georgian forces as part of the NATO-led Inter-national Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan and the Multi-National Force in Iraq. (2) The European Reassurance Initiative builds the partnership capacity of Georgia so it can work more closely with the United States and NATO, as well as provide for its own de-fense. (3) In addition to the European Reassurance Initiative, Georgia’s participation in the NATO initiative Partnership for Peace is paramount to interoperability with the United States and NATO, and establishing a more peaceful envi-ronment in the region. (4) Despite the losses suffered, as a NATO partner of ISAF, Georgia is engaged in the Res-olute Support Mission in Afghanistan with the second largest contingent on the ground. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) reaffirms United States support for Geor-gia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity within its internationally-recognized borders, and does not recognize the independence of the Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions currently occupied by the Russian Federation; and (2) supports continued cooperation between the United States and Georgia and the efforts of the Government of Georgia to provide for the de-fense of its people and sovereign territory. 
SEC. 1253. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY POWER OF IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b)(3) of section 1245 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2542) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) through (G) as subparagraphs (G) through (I), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) an estimate of Iran’s military cyber capa-bilities, including persons and entities operating on behalf of Iran, and any information on those persons or entities responsible for targeting United States critical infrastructure or United States persons or entities; ‘‘(F) information on Iranian military and se-curity organizations responsible for detaining members of the United States Armed Forces or interfering in United States military oper-ations;’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to reports required to be submitted under section 1245 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 on or after such date of en-actment. 
SEC. 1254. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SENIOR MILI-TARY EXCHANGES BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND TAIWAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense should conduct a program of senior military exchanges between the United States and Taiwan that have the ob-jective of improving military-to-military rela-tions and defense cooperation between the United States and Taiwan. (b) A
DMINISTRATION OF PROGRAM .—It is the sense of Congress that the program described in subsection (a)— (1) should be conducted at least once each cal-endar year; and (2) should be conducted in both the United States and Taiwan. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S
ENIOR MILITARY EXCHANGE .—The term ‘‘senior military exchange’’ means an activity, exercise, professional education event, or obser-vation opportunity in which senior military offi-cers and senior defense officials participate. (2) S
ENIOR MILITARY OFFICER .—The term ‘‘senior military officer’’ means a general or flag officer on active duty in the armed forces. (3) S
ENIOR DEFENSE OFFICIAL .—The term ‘‘sen-ior defense official’’, with respect to the Depart-ment of Defense, means a civilian official at the level of Assistant Secretary of Defense or above. 
SEC. 1255. QUARTERLY REPORT ON FREEDOM OF NAVIGATION OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 130i. Quarterly report on freedom of navi-gation operations ‘‘(a) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on any exces-sive territorial claims of foreign countries that were challenged by freedom of navigation oper-ations and flights carried out by the armed forces during such fiscal quarter. ‘‘(b) ELEMENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to each operation described in such subsection, the following: ‘‘(1) The date of the operation. ‘‘(2) The class of ship or type of aircraft that conducted the operation. ‘‘(3) The geographic location of the operation. ‘‘(4) Identification of the foreign country that made the excessive territorial claim challenged by the operation. ‘‘(5) A description of the excessive territorial claim that was challenged by the operation. ‘‘(c) S
UNSET .—This section shall terminate on September 30, 2018.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 130h the following new item: ‘‘130i. Quarterly report on freedom of navigation operations.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to fiscal quarters beginning after such date. Subtitle F—Codification and Consolidation of Department of Defense Security Cooperation Authorities 
SEC. 1261. ENACTMENT OF NEW CHAPTER FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SECU-RITY COOPERATION AUTHORITIES AND TRANSFER OF CERTAIN AU-THORITIES TO NEW CHAPTER. 
(a) S TATUTORY CODIFICATION .—Chapter 11 of part I of subtitle A of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘CHAPTER 11—SECURITY COOPERATION ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL MATTERS  ‘‘Sec. ‘‘251. Definitions. ‘‘252. Annual report on programs carried out by the Department of Defense to pro-vide training, equipment, or other assistance or reimbursement to foreign security forces. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —MILITARY -TO-MILITARY  
ENGAGEMENTS  ‘‘256. Authority for non-reciprocal exchanges of defense personnel between the United States and foreign coun-tries. ‘‘257. Bilateral or regional cooperation pro-grams: awards and mementos to recognize superior noncombat achievements or performance. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —TRAINING WITH FOREIGN  
FORCES  ‘‘263. Participation of developing countries in combined exercises: payment of incremental expenses. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER IV —SUPPORT FOR OPERATIONS AND  
CAPACITY BUILDING  ‘‘271. Allied forces participating in combined op-erations: authority to provide lo-gistic support, supplies, and serv-ices. ‘‘272. Authority to build the capacity of foreign security forces. ‘‘273. Friendly foreign countries; international and regional organizations: de-fense institution capacity build-ing. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER V —EDUCATIONAL AND TRAINING  
ACTIVITIES  ‘‘281. Regional Centers for Security Studies. ‘‘282. Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Cooperation. ‘‘283. Participation in multinational military centers of excellence. ‘‘284. Distribution to certain foreign personnel of education and training mate-rials and information technology to enhance military interoper-ability with the armed forces. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2531 May 17, 2016 
‘‘285. Aviation Leadership Program. ‘‘286. Inter-American Air Forces Academy. ‘‘287. Inter-European Air Forces Academy. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER VI —LIMITATIONS ON USE OF  
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FUNDS  ‘‘293. Prohibition on providing financial assist-ance to terrorist countries. ‘‘294. Prohibition on use of funds for assistance to units of foreign security forces that have committed a gross viola-tion of human rights. ‘‘Subchapter I—General Matters 
‘‘SEC. 251. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this chapter: ‘‘(1) The terms ‘appropriate congressional committees’ and ‘appropriate committees of Con-gress’ mean the following: ‘‘(A) The congressional defense committees. ‘‘(B) The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) The term ‘small-scale construction’ means, with respect to a project, construction at a total cost not to exceed $750,000 for the project. ‘‘Subchapter II—Military-to-Military Engagements ‘‘Subchapter III—Training With Foreign Forces ‘‘Subchapter IV—Support for Operations and Capacity Building ‘‘Subchapter V—Educational and Training Activities ‘‘Subchapter VI—Limitations on Use of Department of Defense Funds’’. (b) C
ODIFICATION OF SECTION 1207 OFFY 2010 NDAA.— (1) C
ODIFICATION .—Chapter 11 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by inserting after the heading of subchapter II a new section 256 con-sisting of— (A) a heading as follows: ‘‘§ 256. Authority for non-reciprocal exchanges of defense personnel between the United States and foreign countries’’; and (B) a text consisting of the text of section 1207 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 168 note). (2) R
EPEAL OF REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Sec- tion 256 of title 10, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), is amended— (A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e). (3) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 1207 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 168 note) is repealed. (c) T
RANSFER OF SECTION 1051b.—Section 1051b of title 10, United States Code, is trans-ferred to chapter 11 of such title, as amended by subsection (a), inserted after section 256, as in-serted by subsection (b), and redesignated as section 257. (d) T
RANSFER OF SECTION 2010.—Section 2010 of title 10, United States Code, is transferred to chapter 11 of such title, as amended by sub-section (a), inserted after the heading of sub-chapter III, and redesignated as section 263. (e) T
RANSFER OF SECTION 127d.—Section 127d of title 10, United States Code, is transferred to chapter 11 of such title, as amended by sub-section (a), inserted after the heading of sub-chapter IV, and redesignated as section 271. (f) T
RANSFER OF SECTION 2282.—Section 2282 of title 10, United States Code, is transferred to chapter 11 of such title, as amended by sub-section (a), inserted after section 271, as trans-ferred and redesignated by subsection (e), and redesignated as section 272. (g) C
ODIFICATION OF SECTION 1081 OFFY 2012 NDAA.— (1) C
ODIFICATION .—Chapter 11 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), is amended by inserting after section 272, as transferred and redesignated by subsection (f), a new section 273 consisting of— (A) a heading as follows: ‘‘§ 273. Friendly foreign countries; inter-national and regional organizations: de-fense institution capacity building’’; and (B) a text consisting of the text of subsections (a) through (d) of section 1081 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 168 note). (2) EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (c)(1) of section 273 of title 10, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), is amended by striking ‘‘at the close of December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘on December 31, 2019’’. (3) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 1081 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 168 note) is repealed. (h) T
RANSFER OF SECTION 184 ANDCODIFICA -
TION OF RELATED PROVISIONS .— (1) T
RANSFER .—Section 184 of title 10, United States Code, is transferred to chapter 11 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (a), inserted after the heading of sub-chapter V, and redesignated as section 281. (2) C
ODIFICATION OF REIMBURSEMENT -RELATED  
PROVISIONS .—Subsection (f)(3) of section 281 of title 10, United States Code, as transferred and redesignated by paragraph (1), is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(3)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B)(i) In fiscal years 2017 through 2019, the Secretary of Defense may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, waive reimbursement otherwise required under this subsection of the costs of activities of Regional Centers under this section for personnel of nongovernmental and international organizations who participate in activities of the Regional Centers that enhance cooperation of nongovernmental organizations and international organizations with United States forces if the Secretary of Defense deter-mines that attendance of such personnel with-out reimbursement is in the national security in-terests of the United States. ‘‘(ii) The amount of reimbursement that may be waived under clause (i) in any fiscal year may not exceed $1,000,000.’’. (3) C
ODIFICATION OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO  
SPECIFIC CENTERS .—Section 281 of title 10, United States Code, as transferred and redesig-nated by paragraph (1), is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(h) A
UTHORITIES SPECIFIC TO MARSHALL  C
ENTER .—(1) The Secretary of Defense may au-thorize participation by a European or Eurasian country in programs of the George C. Marshall European Center for Security Studies (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Marshall Center’) if the Secretary determines, after consultation with the Secretary of State, that such participa-tion is in the national interest of the United States. ‘‘(2)(A) In the case of any person invited to serve without compensation on the Marshall Center Board of Visitors, the Secretary of De-fense may waive any requirement for financial disclosure that would otherwise apply to that person solely by reason of service on such Board. ‘‘(B) A member of the Marshall Center Board of Visitors may not be required to register as an agent of a foreign government solely by reason of service as a member of the Board. ‘‘(C) Notwithstanding section 219 of title 18, a non-United States citizen may serve on the Mar-shall Center Board of Visitors even though reg-istered as a foreign agent. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary of Defense may waive reimbursement of the costs of conferences, semi-nars, courses of instruction, or similar edu-cational activities of the Marshall Center for military officers and civilian officials from states located in Europe or the territory of the former Soviet Union if the Secretary determines that at-tendance by such personnel without reimburse-ment is in the national security interest of the United States. ‘‘(B) Costs for which reimbursement is waived pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be paid from appropriations available for the Center. ‘‘(i) AUTHORITIES SPECIFIC TO INOUYE CEN-
TER.—(1) The Secretary of Defense may waive reimbursement of the cost of conferences, semi-nars, courses of instruction, or similar edu-cational activities of the Daniel K. Inouye Asia- Pacific Center for Security Studies for military officers and civilian officials of foreign countries if the Secretary determines that attendance by such personnel, without reimbursement, is in the national security interest of the United States. ‘‘(2) Costs for which reimbursement is waived pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be paid from appropriations available for the Center.’’. (4) C
ONFORMING REPEALS .—The following pro-visions of law are repealed: (A) Section 941(b) of the Duncan Hunter Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 184 note). (B) Section 1065 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 (Public Law 104–201; 10 U.S.C. 113 note). (C) Section 1306 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Public Law 103–337; 10 U.S.C. 113 note). (D) Section 8073 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2003 (Public Law 107–248; 10 U.S.C. prec. 2161 note). (i) T
RANSFER OF SECTION 2166.— (1) T
RANSFER .—Section 2166 of title 10, United States Code, is transferred to chapter 11 of such title, as amended by subsection (a), inserted after section 281, as transferred, redesignated, and amended by subsection (h), and redesig-nated as section 282. (2) S
TYLISTIC AMENDMENTS .—Section 282 of title 10, United States Code, as transferred and redesignated by paragraph (1), is amended by striking ‘‘nations’’ each place it appears in sub-sections (b) and (c) and inserting ‘‘countries’’. (3) C
ROSS-REFERENCE .—Section 2612(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2166(f)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 282(f)(4)’’. (j) T
RANSFER OF SECTION 2350M.—Section 2350m of title 10, United States Code, is trans-ferred to chapter 11 of such title, as amended by subsection (a), inserted after section 282, as transferred and redesignated by subsection (i), and redesignated as section 283. (k) T
RANSFER OF SECTION 2249D.— (1) T
RANSFER .—Section 2249d of title 10, United States Code, is transferred to chapter 11 of such title, as amended by subsection (a), in-serted after section 283, as transferred and re-designated by subsection (j), and redesignated as section 284. (2) S
TYLISTIC AMENDMENTS .—Section 284 of title 10, United States Code, as transferred and redesignated by paragraph (1), is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘nations’’ in subsections (a) and (d) and inserting ‘‘countries’’; and (B) by striking subsection (g). (l) C
ONSOLIDATION OF CHAPTER 905 ANDSEC-
TIONS 9381, 9382, AND9383.— (1) C
ONSOLIDATION .—Chapter 11 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by inserting after section 284, as transferred and redesignated by sub-section (k), the following new section: ‘‘§ 285. Aviation leadership program ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of De-fense, the Secretary of the Air Force may estab-lish and maintain an Aviation Leadership Pro-gram to provide undergraduate pilot training and necessary related training to personnel of the air forces of friendly, developing foreign countries. Training under this section shall in-clude language training and programs to pro-mote better awareness and understanding of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2532 May 17, 2016 
democratic institutions and social framework of the United States. ‘‘(b) S
UPPLIES AND CLOTHING .—(1) The Sec-retary of the Air Force may, under such condi-tions as the Secretary may prescribe, provide to a person receiving training under this section— ‘‘(A) transportation incident to the training; ‘‘(B) supplies and equipment to be used during the training; ‘‘(C) flight clothing and other special clothing required for the training; and ‘‘(D) billeting, food, and health services. ‘‘(2) The Secretary of the Air Force may au-thorize such expenditures from the appropria-tions of the Air Force as the Secretary considers necessary for the efficient and effective mainte-nance of the Program in accordance with this section. ‘‘(c) A
LLOWANCES .—The Secretary of the Air Force may pay to a person receiving training under this section a living allowance at a rate to be prescribed by the Secretary, taking into ac-count the amount of living allowances author-ized for a member of the armed forces under similar circumstances.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Chapter 905 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (m) T
RANSFER OF SECTION 9415.—Section 9415 of title 10, United States Code, is transferred to chapter 11 of such title, as amended by sub-section (a), inserted after section 285, as added by subsection (l), and redesignated as section 286. (n) C
ODIFICATION OF SECTION 1268 OFFY 2015 NDAA.— (1) C
ODIFICATION .—Chapter 11 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by inserting after section 286, as transferred and redesignated by sub-section (m), a new section 287 consisting of— (A) a heading as follows: ‘‘§ 287. Inter-European Air Forces Academy’’; and (B) a text consisting of the text of section 1268 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 9411 note). (2) R
EPEAL OF REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Sec- tion 287 of title 10, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), is amended— (A) by striking subsection (g); and (B) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (g). (3) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 1268 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 9411 note) is repealed. (o) T
RANSFER OF SECTIONS 2249A AND 2249E.— (1) T
RANSFER .—Sections 2249a and 2249e of title 10, United States Code, are transferred to chapter 11 of such title, as amended by sub-section (a), inserted after the heading of sub-chapter VI, and redesignated as sections 293 and 294, respectively. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 294 of title 10, United States Code, as transferred and redesignated by paragraph (1), is amended by striking subsection (f). (3) C
ROSS-REFERENCE .—Section 1204(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3533; 10 U.S.C. 2249e note) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘section 2249e of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 294 of title 10, United States Code’’; and (ii) in subparagraphs (D) and (E), by striking ‘‘section 2249e of title 10, United States Code (as so added)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 294 of such title’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘subsection (f) of section 2249e of title 10, United States Code (as so added)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 251(1) of such title’’. (p) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—Title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (1) The tables of chapters at the beginning of subtitle A, and at the beginning of part I of sub-title A, are amended by striking the item relat-ing to chapter 11 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘11. Security cooperation ..................... 251’’. (2) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 3 is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 127d. (3) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 184. (4) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 53 is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 1051b. (5) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 101 is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 2010. (6) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 108 is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 2166. (7) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter I of chapter 134 is amended by strik-ing the items relating to sections 2249a, 2249d, and 2249e. (8) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 136 is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 2282. (9) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter II of chapter 138 is amended by striking the item relating to section 2350m. (10) The tables of chapters at the beginning of subtitle D, and at the beginning of part III of subtitle D, are amended by striking the item re-lating to chapter 905. (11) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 907 is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 9415. TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION 
SEC. 1301. SPECIFICATION OF COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION FUNDS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2017 C OOPERATIVE THREAT  R
EDUCTION FUNDS DEFINED .—In this title, the term ‘‘fiscal year 2017 Cooperative Threat Re-duction funds’’ means the funds appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 301 and made available by the fund-ing table in division D for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Depart-ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Funds appro-priated pursuant to the authorization of appro-priations in section 301 and made available by the funding table in division D for the Depart-ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program shall be available for obligation for fis-cal years 2017, 2018, and 2019. 
SEC. 1302. FUNDING ALLOCATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the $325,604,000 author-ized to be appropriated to the Department of De-fense for fiscal year 2017 in section 301 and made available by the funding table in division D for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Coop-erative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711), the following amounts may be obligated for the purposes specified: (1) For strategic offensive arms elimination, $11,791,000. (2) For chemical weapons destruction, $2,942,000. (3) For global nuclear security, $16,899,000. (4) For cooperative biological engagement, $213,984,000. (5) For proliferation prevention, $50,709,000, of which— (A) $4,000,000 may be obligated for purposes relating to nuclear nonproliferation assisted or caused by additive manufacture technology (commonly referred to as ‘‘3D printing’’); (B) $4,000,000 may be obligated for monitoring the ‘‘proliferation pathways’’ under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action; (C) $4, 000,000 may be obligated for enhancing law enforcement cooperation and intelligence sharing; and (D) $4,000,000 may be obligated for the Pro-liferation Security Initiative under subtitle B of title XVIII of the Implementing Recommenda-tions of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (50 U.S.C. 2911 et seq.). (6) For threat reduction engagement, $2,000,000. (7) For activities designated as Other Assess-ments/Administrative Costs, $27,279,000. (b) MODIFICATIONS TO CERTAIN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The Department of Defense Coopera-tive Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.) is amended as follows: (1) Section 1321(g)(1) (50 U.S.C. 3711(g)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘15 days’’ and inserting ‘‘45 days’’. (2) Section 1322(b) (50 U.S.C. 3712(b)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘At the time at which’’ and in-serting ‘‘Not later than 15 days before the date on which’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (C) in paragraph (2), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) a discussion of— ‘‘(A) whether authorities other than the au-thority under this section are available to the Secretaries to perform such project or activity to meet the threats or goals identified under sub-section (a)(1); and ‘‘(B) if such other authorities exist, why the Secretaries were not able to use such authorities for such project or activity.’’. (3) Section 1323(b)(3) (50 U.S.C. 3713(b)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘at the time at which’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than seven days before the date on which’’. (4) Section 1324 (50 U.S.C. 3714) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘15 days’’ and inserting ‘‘45 days’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘15 days’’ and inserting ‘‘45 days’’. (c) J
OINT COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action’’ means the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, signed at Vienna July 14, 2015, by Iran and by the People’s Re-public of China, France, Germany, the Russian Federation, the United Kingdom and the United States, with the High Representative of the Eu-ropean Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, and all implementing materials and agreements related to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, and transmitted by the Presi-dent to Congress on July 19, 2015, pursuant to section 135(a) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended by the Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-view Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–17; 129 Stat. 201). 
SEC. 1303. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION IN PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
The Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 1334 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1335. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACTIVITIES IN PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
‘‘(a) Q UARTERLY INSTALLMENTS .—In carrying out activities under the Program in the People’s Republic of China, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that Cooperative Threat Reduction funds for such activities are obligated or ex-pended in quarterly installments. ‘‘(b) Q
UARTERLY CERTIFICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of Defense may not obligate or expend any Cooperative Threat Reduction funds for activities in the People’s Republic of China during a quarter un-less the Secretary submits to the congressional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2533 May 17, 2016 
defense committees and the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate the certification under paragraph (2) with respect to such quarter. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION .—On a quarterly basis, the Secretary shall submit to the committees speci-fied in paragraph (1) a certification, made in concurrence with the Secretary of State, of the following: ‘‘(A) China has taken material steps to— ‘‘(i) disrupt the proliferation activities of Li Fangwei (also known as Karl Lee, or any other alias known by the United States); and ‘‘(ii) arrest Li Fangwei pursuant the indict-ment charged in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on April 29, 2014. ‘‘(B) China has not proliferated to any non- nuclear weapons state, or any nuclear weapons state in violation of the Treaty on the Non-Pro-liferation of Nuclear Weapons, any item that contributes to a ballistic missile or nuclear weapons delivery system. ‘‘(3) C
OVERAGE .—The first notification made under paragraph (2) shall cover the preceding 12-month period before the date of such notifica-tion. Each subsequent notification shall cover the quarter preceding the date of such notifica-tion.’’. TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Military Programs 
SEC. 1401. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2017 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing cap-ital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1402. NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2017 for the National De-fense Sealift Fund, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1403. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION, DEFENSE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4501. (b) U
SE.—Amounts authorized to be appro-priated under subsection (a) are authorized for— (1) the destruction of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521); and (2) the destruction of chemical warfare mate-riel of the United States that is not covered by section 1412 of such Act. 
SEC. 1404. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Ac-tivities, Defense-wide, as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1405. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1406. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2017 for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4501, for use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Depart-ment of Defense in providing for the health of eligible beneficiaries. SEC. 1407. NATIONAL SEA-BASED DETERRENCE FUND. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2017 for the National Sea- Based Deterrence Fund as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4501. Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile 
SEC. 1411. AUTHORITY TO DISPOSE OF CERTAIN MATERIALS FROM AND TO ACQUIRE ADDITIONAL MATERIALS FOR THE NATIONAL DEFENSE STOCKPILE. 
(a) D ISPOSAL AUTHORITY .—Pursuant to sec-tion 5(b) of the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act (50 U.S.C. 98d(b)), the National Defense Stockpile Manager may dispose of the following materials contained in the National Defense Stockpile in the following quantities: (1) 27 short tons of beryllium. (2) 111,149 short tons of chromium, ferroalloy. (3) 2,973 short tons of chromium metal. (4) 8,380 troy ounces of platinum. (5) 275,741 pounds of contained tungsten metal powder. (6) 12,433,796 pounds of contained tungsten ores and concentrates. (b) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITY .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Using funds available in the National Defense Stockpile Transaction Fund, the National Defense Stockpile Manager may acquire the following materials determined to be strategic and critical materials required to meet the defense, industrial, and essential civilian needs of the United States: (A) High modulus and high strength carbon fibers. (B) Tantalum. (C) Germanium. (D) Tungsten rhenium metal. (E) Boron carbide powder. (F) Europium. (G) Silicon carbide fiber. (2) A
MOUNT OF AUTHORITY .—The National De-fense Stockpile Manager may use up to $55,000,0000 in the National Defense Stockpile Transaction Fund for acquisition of the mate-rials specified paragraph (1). (3) F
ISCAL YEAR LIMITATION .—The authority under paragraph (1) is available for purchases during fiscal year 2017 through fiscal year 2021. 
SEC. 1412. REVISIONS TO THE STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MATERIALS STOCK PILING ACT. 
(a) M ATERIALS CONSTITUTING THE NATIONAL  D
EFENSE STOCKPILE .—Section 4 of the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act (50 U.S.C. 98c) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘required for’’ and inserting ‘‘suitable for transfer to or disposal through’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘(1)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(2)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘this subsection’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection (b)’’. (b) Q
UALIFICATION OF DOMESTIC SOURCES .— Section 15(a) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 98h- 6(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (1); (2) by striking the period at the end of para-graph (2) and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) by qualifying existing domestic facilities and domestically produced strategic and critical materials to meet the requirements of defense and essential civilian industries in times of na-tional emergencies when existing domestic sources of supply are either insufficient or vul-nerable to single points of failure; and ‘‘(4) by contracting with domestic facilities to recycle strategic and critical materials, thereby increasing domestic supplies when those mate-rials would otherwise be insufficient to support defense and essential civilian industries in times of national emergencies.’’. Subtitle C—Other Matters SEC. 1421. AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS TO JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE-DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEM-ONSTRATION FUND FOR CAPTAIN JAMES A. LOVELL HEALTH CARE CENTER, ILLINOIS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS.—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated for sec-tion 506 and available for the Defense Health Program for operation and maintenance, $122,375,000 may be transferred by the Secretary of Defense to the Joint Department of Defense– Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund established by subsection (a)(1) of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2571). For purposes of sub-section (a)(2) of such section 1704, any funds so transferred shall be treated as amounts author-ized and appropriated specifically for the pur-pose of such a transfer. (b) U
SE OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS.—For the purposes of subsection (b) of such section 1704, facility operations for which funds transferred under subsection (a) may be used are operations of the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Am-bulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facil-ity under an operational agreement covered by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110-417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
SEC. 1422. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
There is hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 from the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home Trust Fund the sum of $64,300,000 for the operation of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 1501. PURPOSE AND TREATMENT OF CER-TAIN AUTHORIZATIONS OF APPRO-PRIATIONS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this subtitle is to authorize appropriations for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 to provide addi-tional funds— (1) for overseas contingency operations being carried out by the Armed Forces; and (2) pursuant to sections 1502, 1503, 1504, 1505, and 1507 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for procurement, research, development, test, and evaluation, operation and mainte-nance, military personnel, and defense-wide drug interdiction and counter-drug activities, as specified in the funding tables in sections 4103, 4203, 4303, 4403, and 4503. (b) S
UPPORT OF BASEBUDGET REQUIREMENTS ; T
REATMENT .—Funds identified in subsection (a)(2) are being authorized to be appropriated in support of base budget requirements as re-quested by the President for fiscal year 2017 pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code. The Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget shall apportion the funds identified in such subsection to the Department of Defense without restriction, limitation, or constraint on the execution of such funds in support of base requirements, including any re-striction, limitation, or constraint imposed by, or described in, the document entitled ‘‘Criteria for War/Overseas Contingency Operations Funding Requests’’ transmitted by the Director to the De-partment of Defense on September 9, 2010, or any successor or related guidance. 
SEC. 1502. PROCUREMENT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2017 for procurement ac-counts for the Army, the Navy and the Marine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2534 May 17, 2016 
Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activi-ties, as specified in— (1) the funding table in section 4102; or (2) the funding table in section 4103. 
SEC. 1503. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2017 for the use of the De-partment of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation, as specified in— (1) the funding table in section 4202; or (2) the funding table in section 4203. 
SEC. 1504. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not other-wise provided for, for operation and mainte-nance, as specified in— (1) the funding table in section 4302, or (2) the funding table in section 4303. (b) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts speci-fied in the funding table in section 4302 shall re-main available for obligation only until April 30, 2017, at a rate for operations as provided in the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016 (division C of Public Law 114–113). 
SEC. 1505. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not other-wise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in— (1) the funding table in section 4402; or (2) the funding table in section 4403. (b) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts speci-fied in the funding table in section 4402 shall re-main available for obligation only until April 30, 2017, at a rate for operations as provided in the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016 (division C of Public Law 114–113). 
SEC. 1506. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing capital for working capital and revolving funds, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4502. (b) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts speci-fied in the funding table in section 4502 for pro-viding capital for working capital and revolving funds shall remain available for obligation only until April 30, 2017, at a rate for operations as provided in the Department of Defense Appro-priations Act, 2016 (division C of Public Law 114–113). 
SEC. 1507. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Ac-tivities, Defense-wide, as specified in— (1) the funding table in section 4502; or (2) the funding table in section 4503. 
SEC. 1508. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1509. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. (b) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts speci-fied in the funding table in section 4502 for the Defense Health Program shall remain available for obligation only until April 30, 2017, at a rate for operations as provided in the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2016 (division C of Public Law 114–113). SEC. 1510. COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. (b) D
URATION OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts ap-propriated pursuant to the authorization of ap-propriations in subsection (a) shall remain available for obligation through September 30, 2018. Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1521. TREATMENT AS ADDITIONAL AUTHOR-IZATIONS. 
The amounts authorized to be appropriated by this title are in addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
SEC. 1522. SPECIAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO TRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this title for fiscal year 2017 between any such au-thorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivi-sions thereof). (2) E
FFECT OF TRANSFER .—Amounts of author-izations transferred under this subsection shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which trans-ferred. (3) L
IMITATIONS .—The total amount of au-thorizations that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this subsection may not exceed $4,500,000,000. (4) E
XCEPTION .—In the case of the authoriza-tions of appropriations contained in sections 1502, 1503, 1504, 1505, and 1507 that are provided for the purpose specified in section 1501(a)(2), the transfer authority provided under section 1001, rather than the transfer authority pro-vided by this subsection, shall apply to any transfer of amounts of such authorizations. (b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Transfers under this section shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as transfers under section 1001. (c) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—The transfer au-thority provided by this section is in addition to the transfer authority provided under section 1001. Subtitle C—Limitations, Reports, and Other Matters 
SEC. 1531. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Funds available to the De-partment of Defense for the Afghanistan Secu-rity Forces Fund during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2017, shall be subject to the conditions contained in subsections (b) through (f) of section 1513 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 428), as amended by section 1531(b) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4424). (b) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the funds available to the Department of Defense for the Afghan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2017, it is the goal that $25,000,000 shall be used for— (A) the recruitment, integration, retention, training, and treatment of women in the Afghan National Security Forces; and (B) the recruitment, training, and contracting of female security personnel for future elections. (2) T
YPES OF PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES .— Such programs and activities may include— (A) efforts to recruit women into the Afghan National Security Forces, including the special operations forces; (B) programs and activities of the Afghan Ministry of Defense Directorate of Human Rights and Gender Integration and the Afghan Ministry of Interior Office of Human Rights, Gender and Child Rights; (C) development and dissemination of gender and human rights educational and training ma-terials and programs within the Afghan Min-istry of Defense and the Afghan Ministry of In-terior; (D) efforts to address harassment and violence against women within the Afghan National Se-curity Forces; (E) improvements to infrastructure that ad-dress the requirements of women serving in the Afghan National Security Forces, including ap-propriate equipment for female security and po-lice forces, and transportation for policewomen to their station; (F) support for Afghanistan National Police Family Response Units; and (G) security provisions for high-profile female police and army officers. (c) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .— (1) S
EMI-ANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than January 31 and July 31 of each year through January 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report summarizing the details of any obligation or transfer of funds from the Afghanistan Secu-rity Forces Fund during the preceding six-cal-endar month period. (2) C
ONFORMING REPEALS .—(A) Section 1513 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 428), as amended by section 1531(b) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4424), is further amended by striking subsection (g). (B) Section 1517 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2442) is amended by striking subsection (f). 
SEC. 1532. JOINT IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE DE-VICE DEFEAT FUND. 
(a) U SE AND TRANSFER OF FUNDS.—Subsection 1532(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1091) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF INTERDICTION OF IMPRO -
VISED EXPLOSIVE DEVICE PRECURSOR CHEMICALS  A
UTHORITY .—Section 1532(c) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2057) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2013 and for fiscal year 2016,’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal years 2013, 2016, and 2017’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘with the concurrence of the Secretary of State’’ after ‘‘may be available to the Secretary of Defense’’; (C) by striking ‘‘of the Government of Paki-stan’’ and inserting ‘‘of foreign governments’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘from Pakistan to locations in Afghanistan’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘of the Gov-ernment of Pakistan’’ and inserting ‘‘of foreign governments’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the congressional defense commit-tees’’ and inserting ‘‘Congress’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘the Government of Pakistan’’ and inserting ‘‘foreign governments’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘from Pakistan to locations in Afghanistan’’; and (4) in paragraph (4), as most recently amend-ed by section 1532(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2535 May 17, 2016 
Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1091), by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
SEC. 1533. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO USE JOINT IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE DE-VICE DEFEAT FUND FOR TRAINING OF FOREIGN SECURITY FORCES TO DEFEAT IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE DE-VICES. 
Section 1533(e) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1093) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Subtitle A—Space Activities 
SEC. 1601. ROCKET PROPULSION SYSTEM TO RE-PLACE RD–180. 
(a) U SE OF FUNDS.—Section 1604 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3623; 10 U.S.C. 2273 note), as amended by section 1606 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1099), is further amended by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(d) U
SE OF FUNDS UNDER DEVELOPMENT  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT OF ROCKET PROPULSION  
SYSTEM .—The funds described in paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) may be obligated or expended for— ‘‘(i) the development of the rocket propulsion system to replace non-allied space launch en-gines pursuant to subsection (a); and ‘‘(ii) the necessary interfaces to, or integration of, the rocket propulsion system with an existing or new launch vehicle; and ‘‘(B) may not be obligated or expended to de-velop or procure a launch vehicle, an upper stage, a strap-on motor, or related infrastruc-ture. ‘‘(2) F
UNDS DESCRIBED .—The funds described in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(A) Funds authorized to be appropriated by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Department of Defense for the development of the rocket propulsion system under subsection (a). ‘‘(B) Funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 or otherwise made available for fiscal years 2015 or 2016 for the De-partment of Defense for the development of the rocket propulsion system under subsection (a) that are unobligated as of the date of the enact-ment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. ‘‘(3) O
THER PURPOSES .—The Secretary may obligate or expend not more than 25 percent of the funds described in paragraph (2) in any fis-cal year for activities not authorized by para-graph (1)(A), including for developing a launch vehicle, an upper stage, a strap-on motor, or re-lated infrastructure. The Secretary may exceed such limit in a fiscal year for such purposes if during such fiscal year— ‘‘(A) the Secretary certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that, as of the date of the certification— ‘‘(i) the development of the rocket propulsion system is being carried out pursuant to para-graph (1)(A) in a manner that ensures that the rocket propulsion system will meet each require-ment under subsection (a)(2); and ‘‘(ii) such obligation or expenditure will not negatively affect the development of the rocket propulsion system, including with respect to meeting such requirements; and ‘‘(B) the reprogramming or transfer is carried out in accordance with established procedures for reprogramming or transfers, including with respect to presenting a request for a reprogram-ming of funds. ‘‘(e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate congressional com-mittees’ means— ‘‘(A) the congressional defense committees; and ‘‘(B) the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate. ‘‘(2) The term ‘rocket propulsion system’ means, with respect to the development author-ized by subsection (a), a main booster, first- stage rocket engine or motor. The term does not include a launch vehicle, an upper stage, a strap-on motor, or related infrastructure.’’. (b) R
IGHTS TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY .— Subsection (a) of such section 1604 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(3) R
IGHTS TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—In developing the system under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall acquire government purpose rights (or greater rights) in technical data, pat-ents, and copyrights pertaining to such system. Such rights may be for the purpose of devel-oping alternative sources of supply and manu-facture in the event such alternative sources are necessary and in the best interest of the United States.’’. (c) L
IMITATION .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, not more than 90 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Secretary has carried out the rocket propulsion system program under section 1604 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3623; 10 U.S.C. 2273 note) during fiscal years 2015 and 2016 as described in subsection (d)(1) of such section, as added by subsection (a). 
SEC. 1602. EXCEPTION TO THE PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH RUSSIAN SUP-PLIERS OF ROCKET ENGINES FOR THE EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM. 
Section 1608 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3626; 10 U.S.C. 2271 note), as amended by section 1607 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1100), is further amended by striking subsection (c) and inserting the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in sub-section (a) shall not apply to any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) The placement of orders or the exercise of options under the contract numbered FA8811– 13–C–0003 and awarded on December 18, 2013. ‘‘(2) Contracts that are awarded for the pro-curement of property or services for space launch activities that include the use of a total of eighteen rocket engines designed or manufac-tured in the Russian Federation, in addition to Russian-designed or -manufactured engines to which paragraph (1) applies.’’. 
SEC. 1603. ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES FOR WIDE-BAND COMMUNICATIONS. 
Section 1611 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1103) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) S
COPE.— ‘‘(1) S
TUDY GUIDANCE .—In conducting the analysis of alternatives under subsection (a), the Secretary shall develop study guidance that requires such analysis to include the full range of military and commercial satellite communica-tions capabilities, acquisition processes, and service delivery models. ‘‘(2) O
THER CONSIDERATIONS .—The Secretary shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) any cost assessments of military or com-mercial satellite communications systems in-cluded in the analysis of alternatives conducted under subsection (a) include detailed full life- cycle costs, as applicable, including with respect to— ‘‘(i) military personnel, military construction, military infrastructure operation, maintenance costs, and ground and user terminal impacts; and ‘‘(ii) any other costs regarding military or commercial satellite communications systems the Secretary determines appropriate; and ‘‘(B) such analysis identifies any consider-ations relating to the use of military versus com-mercial systems. ‘‘(c) COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) S
UBMISSION .—Upon completion of the analysis of alternatives conducted under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall submit such analysis to the Comptroller General of the United States. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Comptroller General re-ceives the analysis of alternatives under para-graph (1), the Comptroller General shall submit to the congressional defense committees a review of the analysis. ‘‘(3) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The review under paragraph (2) of the analysis of alternatives conducted under subsection (a) shall include the following: ‘‘(A) Whether, and to what extent, the Sec-retary— ‘‘(i) conducted such analysis using best prac-tices; ‘‘(ii) fully addressed the concerns of the ac-quisition, operational, and user communities; and ‘‘(iii) complied with subsection (b). ‘‘(B) A description of how the Secretary iden-tified the requirements and assessed and ad-dressed the cost, schedule, and risks posed for each alternative included in such analysis. ‘‘(d) B
RIEFINGS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, and semiannually thereafter until the date on which the analysis of alternatives conducted under subsection (a) is completed, the Secretary shall provide the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate (and any other congressional defense committee upon request) a briefing on such analysis.’’. 
SEC. 1604. MODIFICATION TO PILOT PROGRAM FOR ACQUISITION OF COMMERCIAL SATELLITE COMMUNICATION SERV-ICES. 
Section 1605 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 10 U.S.C. 2208 note), as amended by section 1612 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1103), is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) I
MPLEMENTATION OF GOALS .—In devel- oping and carrying out the pilot program under subsection (a)(1), by not later than September 30, 2017, the Secretary shall take actions to begin the implementation of each goal specified in subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 1605. SPACE-BASED ENVIRONMENTAL MONI-TORING. 
(a) R OLES OF DOD ANDNOAA.— (1) M
ECHANISMS .—The Secretary of Defense and the Director of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall jointly estab-lish mechanisms to collaborate and coordinate in defining the roles and responsibilities of the Department of Defense and the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration to— (A) carry out space-based environmental mon-itoring; and (B) plan for future non-governmental space- based environmental monitoring capabilities. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in para-graph (1) may be construed to authorize a joint 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2536 May 17, 2016 
satellite program of the Department of Defense and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Director shall jointly submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report on the mechanisms established under subsection (a)(1). (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; (2) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives; and (3) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 1606. PROHIBITION ON USE OF CERTAIN NON-ALLIED POSITIONING, NAVIGA-TION, AND TIMING SYSTEMS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—During the period begin-ning not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on September 30, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the Armed Forces and each element of the Department of Defense do not use a non-allied positioning, navigation, and timing system or service provided by such a system. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the prohibition in subsection (a) if— (1) the Secretary determines that the waiver is— (A) in the national security interest of the United States; and (B) necessary to mitigate exigent operational concerns; (2) the Secretary notifies, in writing, the ap-propriate congressional committees of such waiver; and (3) a period of 30 days has elapsed following the date of such notification. (c) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Director of National In-telligence shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of the risks to national security and to the operations and plans of the Department of Defense from using a non-allied positioning, navigation, and timing system or service provided by such a sys-tem. Such assessment shall— (1) address risks regarding— (A) espionage, counterintelligence, and tar-geting; (B) the use of the Global Positioning System by allies and partners of the United States and others; and (C) harmful interference to the Global Posi-tioning System; and (2) include any other matters the Secretary, the Chairman, and the Director determine ap-propriate. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional com-mittees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘non-allied positioning, naviga-tion, and timing system’’ means any of the fol-lowing systems: (A) The Beidou system. (B) The Glonass global navigation satellite system. 
SEC. 1607. LIMITATION OF AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR THE JOINT SPACE OPER-ATIONS CENTER MISSION SYSTEM. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for increment 3 of the Joint Space Op-erations Center Mission System, not more than 25 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force, in coordination with the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, submits to the congressional defense committees a report on such increment, including— (1) an acquisition strategy for such increment; (2) the requirements of such increment; (3) the funding and schedule for such incre-ment; (4) the strategy for use of commercially avail-able capabilities, as appropriate, relating to such increment to rapidly address warfighter re-quirements, including the market research and evaluation of such commercial capabilities; and (5) the relationship of such increment with the other related activities and investments of the Department of Defense. SEC. 1608. SPACE-BASED INFRARED SYSTEM AND ADVANCED EXTREMELY HIGH FRE-QUENCY PROGRAM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) The recently completed analysis of alter-natives for the space-based infrared system pro-gram identified the cost and capability trades of various alternatives, however the criteria and assessment for resilience and mission assurance was undefined. (2) The analysis of alternatives for the ad-vanced extremely high frequency program is on-going. (b) L
IMITATION ON DEVELOPMENT AND ACQUI-
SITION OF ALTERNATIVES .— (1) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided by para-graph (4), the Secretary of Defense may not de-velop or acquire an alternative to the space- based infrared system program of record or de-velop or acquire an alternative to the advanced extremely high frequency program of record until the date on which the Commander of the United States Strategic Command and the Direc-tor of the Space Security and Defense Program, in consultation with the Defense Intelligence Officer for Science and Technology of the De-fense Intelligence Agency, jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees the assess-ments described in paragraph (2) for the respec-tive program. (2) A
SSESSMENT .—The assessments described in this paragraph are— (A) an assessment of the resilience and mis-sion assurance of each alternative to the space- based infrared system being considered by the Secretary of the Air Force; and (B) an assessment of the resilience and mis-sion assurance of each alternative to the ad-vanced extremely high frequency program being considered by the Secretary of the Air Force. (3) E
LEMENTS .—An assessment described in paragraph (2) shall include, with respect to each alternative to the space-based infrared sys-tem program of record and each alternative to the advanced extremely high frequency program of record being considered by the Secretary of the Air Force, the following: (A) The requirements for resilience and mis-sion assurance. (B) The criteria to measure such resilience and mission assurance. (C) How the alternative affects— (i) deterrence and full spectrum warfighting; (ii) warfighter requirements and relative costs to include ground station and user terminals; (iii) the potential order of battle of adver-saries; and (iv) the required capabilities of the broader space security and defense enterprise. (4) E
XCEPTION .—The limitation in paragraph (1) shall not apply to efforts to examine and de-velop technology insertion opportunities for the space-based infrared system program of record or the satellite communications programs of record. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means the fol-lowing: (1) With respect to the submission of the as-sessment described in subparagraph (A) of sub-section (b)(2), the— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. (2) With respect to the submission of the as-sessment described in subparagraph (B) of sub-section (b)(2), the congressional defense commit-tees. SEC. 1609. PLANS ON TRANSFER OF ACQUISITION AND FUNDING AUTHORITY OF CER-TAIN WEATHER MISSIONS TO NA-TIONAL RECONNAISSANCE OFFICE. 
(a) L IMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for the weather sat-ellite follow-on system, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the appropriate congressional committees the plan under paragraph (2). (2) A
IR FORCE PLAN .—The Secretary shall de-velop a plan for the Air Force to transfer, begin-ning with fiscal year 2018, the acquisition au-thority and the funding authority for covered space-based environmental monitoring missions from the Air Force to the National Reconnais-sance Office, including a description of the amount of funds that would be necessary to be transferred from the Air Force to the National Reconnaissance Office during fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out such plan. (b) NRO P
LAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the National Reconnaissance Office shall develop a plan for the National Reconnaissance Office to address how to carry out covered space-based environ-mental monitoring missions. Such plan shall in-clude— (A) a description of the related national secu-rity requirements for such missions; (B) a description of the appropriate manner to meet such requirements; and (C) the amount of funds that would be nec-essary to be transferred from the Air Force to the National Reconnaissance Office during fis-cal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out such plan. (2) A
CTIVITIES .—In developing the plan under paragraph (1), the Director may conduct pre-ac-quisition activities, including with respect to re-quests for information, analyses of alternatives, study contracts, modeling and simulation, and other activities the Director determines nec-essary to develop such plan. (3) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than the date on which the President submits to Congress the budget for fiscal year 2018 under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Director shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees the plan under paragraph (1). (c) I
NDEPENDENT COSTESTIMATE .—The Direc-tor of the Cost Assessment Improvement Group of the Office of the Director of National Intel-ligence, in coordination with the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, shall certify to the appropriate congressional commit-tees that the amounts of funds identified under subsections (a)(2) and (b)(1)(C) as being nec-essary to transfer are appropriate and include funding for positions and personnel to support program office costs. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional com-mittees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives; and (C) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘covered space-based environ-mental monitoring missions’’ means the acquisi-tion programs necessary to meet the national se-curity requirements for cloud characterization and theater weather imagery. 
SEC. 1610. PILOT PROGRAM ON COMMERCIAL WEATHER DATA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a pilot pro-gram to assess the viability of commercial sat-ellite weather data to support requirements of the Department of Defense. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2537 May 17, 2016 
(b) C OMMERCIAL WEATHER DATA.—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the Secretary of Defense to carry out the pilot program under subsection (a), not more than $3,000,000 may be obligated or expended to carry out such pilot program by purchasing and evaluating commercial weather data that meets the standards and specifications set by the De-partment of Defense. (c) D
URATION .—The Secretary may carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) for a pe-riod not exceeding one year. (d) B
RIEFINGS .— (1) I
NTERIM BRIEFING .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate (and to any other congressional defense committee upon re-quest) demonstrating how the Secretary plans to implement the pilot program under subsection (a). (2) F
INAL BRIEFING .—Not later than 90 days after the pilot program under subsection (a) is completed, the Secretary shall provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate (and to any other congressional defense committee upon request) on the utility, cost, and other consider-ations regarding the purchase of commercial satellite weather data to support the require-ments of the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 1611. ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT OF NATIONAL SECURITY SPACE ACTIVI-TIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) National security space capabilities are a vital element of the national defense of the United States. (2) The advantages of the United States in na-tional security space are now threatened to an unprecedented degree by growing and serious counterspace capabilities of potential foreign adversaries, and the space advantages of the United States must be protected. (3) The Department of Defense has recognized the threat and has taken initial steps necessary to defend space, however the organization and management may not be strategically postured to fully address this changed domain of oper-ations over the long term. (4) The defense of space is currently a priority for the leaders of the Department, however the space mission is managed within competing pri-orities of each of the Armed Forces. (5) Space elements provide critical capabilities to all of the Armed Forces in the joint fight, however the disparate activities throughout the Department have no single leader that is em-powered to make decisions affecting the space forces of the Department. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, to modernize and fully address the growing threat to the national security space advantage of the United States, the Sec-retary of Defense must evaluate the range of op-tions and take further action to strengthen the leadership, management, and organization of the national security space activities of the De-partment of Defense, including with respect to— (1) unifying, integrating, and de-conflicting activities to provide for stronger prioritization, accountability, coherency, focus, strategy, and integration of the joint space program of the De-partment; (2) streamlining decision-making, limiting un-necessary bureaucracy, and empowering the ap-propriate level of authority, while enabling ef-fective oversight; (3) maintaining the involvement of each of the Armed Forces and adapting the culture and im-proving the capabilities of the workforce to en-sure the workforce has the appropriate training, experience, and tools to accomplish the mission; and (4) reviewing authorities and preparing for a conflict that could extend to space. (c) RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall each separately submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees recommendations, in accord-ance with subsection (b), to strengthen the lead-ership, management, and organization of the Department of Defense with respect to the na-tional security space activities of the Depart-ment. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 1612. REVIEW OF CHARTER OF OPERATION-ALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE PROGRAM OFFICE. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a review of charter of the Operationally Responsive Space Program Office established by section 2273a of title 10, United States Code (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Office’’). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A review of the key operationally respon-sive space needs with respect to the warfighter and with respect to national security. (2) How the Office could fit into the broader resilience and space security strategy of the De-partment of Defense. (3) An assessment of the potential of the Of-fice to focus on the reconstitution capabilities with small satellites using low-cost launch vehi-cles and existing infrastructure. (4) An assessment of the potential of the Of-fice to leverage existing or planned commercial capabilities. (5) A review of the necessary workforce spe-cialties and acquisition authorities of the Office. (6) A review of the funding profile of the Of-fice. (7) A review of the organizational placement and reporting structure of the Office. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report containing the review under subsection (a), including any recommendations for legislative actions based on such review. 
SEC. 1613. BACKUP AND COMPLEMENTARY POSI-TIONING, NAVIGATION, AND TIMING CAPABILITIES OF GLOBAL POSI-TIONING SYSTEM. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The covered Secretaries shall jointly conduct a study to assess and identify the technology-neutral requirements to backup and complement the positioning, navigation, and timing capabilities of the Global Positioning System for national security and critical infra-structure. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the covered Secretaries shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report on the study under paragraph (1). Such report shall in-clude— (A) with respect to the Department of each covered Secretary, the identification of the re-spective requirements to backup and complement the positioning, navigation, and timing capabili-ties of the Global Positioning System for na-tional security and critical infrastructure; (B) an analysis of alternatives to meet such requirements, including, at a minimum— (i) an analysis of the viability of a public-pri-vate partnership to establish a complementary positioning, navigation, and timing system; and (ii) an analysis of the viability of service level agreements to operate a complementary posi-tioning, navigation, and timing system; and (C) a plan and estimated costs, schedule, and system level technical considerations, including end user equipment and integration consider-ations, to meet such requirements. (b) SINGLE DESIGNATED OFFICIAL .—Each cov- ered Secretary shall designate a single senior of-ficial of the Department of the Secretary to act as the primary representative of such Depart-ment for purposes of conducting the study under subsection (a)(1). (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional com-mittees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representa-tives; and (C) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate. (2) The term ‘‘covered Secretaries’’ means the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Transpor-tation, and the Secretary of Homeland Security. Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and Intelligence-Related Activities 
SEC. 1621. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR INTELLIGENCE MANAGE-MENT. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for operation and maintenance, Defense-wide, for intelligence management, not more than 95 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence submits to the appropriate congressional com-mittees the reports on counterintelligence activi-ties described in any classified annex accom-panying this Act. (b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means the fol-lowing: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1622. LIMITATIONS ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR UNITED STATES CEN-TRAL COMMAND INTELLIGENCE FU-SION CENTER. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the Intelligence Fusion Center of the United States Central Com-mand— (1) 25 percent may not be obligated or ex-pended until— (A) the Commander of the United States Cen-tral Command submits to the appropriate con-gressional committees the report under sub-section (b); and (B) a period of 15 days has elapsed following the date of such submission; and (2) 25 percent may not be obligated or ex-pended until— (A) the Commander submits to such commit-tees the report under subsection (c); and (B) a period of 15 days has elapsed following the date of such submission. (b) R
EPORT ON PROCEDURES .—The Com-mander shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on the steps taken by the Commander to formalize and disseminate procedures for establishing, staffing, and oper-ating the Intelligence Fusion Center of the United States Central Command. (c) R
EPORT ON IG F INDINGS .—The Commander shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the steps taken by the Commander to address the findings of the final report of the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Defense regarding the processing of in-telligence information by the Intelligence Direc-torate of the United States Central Command. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2538 May 17, 2016 
(2) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1623. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR JOINT INTELLIGENCE ANALYSIS COMPLEX. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for increased intel-ligence manpower positions for operation of the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex at Royal Air Force Molesworth, United Kingdom, not more than 85 percent may be obligated or ex-pended during fiscal year 2017 until the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the appropriate congressional committees the anal-ysis under subsection (b)(1). (b) A
NALYSIS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense, in coordination with the Di-rector of National Intelligence, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-vised analysis of alternatives for the basing of a new Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex that is— (A) based on the analysis of the operational requirements and costs of the United States; and (B) informed by the findings of the report of the Comptroller General of the United States on the cost estimating and basing decision process of the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The analysis under para-graph (1) shall, at a minimum— (A) be conducted in a manner that— (i) uses best practices; (ii) appropriately accounts for non-recurring and life cycle costs, including with respect to cost of living and projected growth in cost of liv-ing; (iii) uses objective and measurable criteria for evaluating alternative locations against mission requirements; and (iv) uses reasonable and verifiable assump-tions; (B) include the identification and assessments of— (i) possible alternative locations for the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex at existing mili-tary installations used by the United States; and (ii) other possible cost-saving alternatives; (C) evaluate alternative practices to minimize the number of support personnel required; (D) evaluate alternatives to building a new fa-cility, including modifying existing facilities and using prefabricated facilities; and (E) evaluate the possibility of separating the European Command Intelligence Analytic Cen-ter, the Africa Command Intelligence Analytic Center, or the NATO Intelligence Fusion Center from the rest of the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex at other viable locations. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. Subtitle C—Cyberspace-Related Matters 
SEC. 1631. SPECIAL EMERGENCY PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY TO FACILITATE THE DE-FENSE AGAINST OR RECOVERY FROM A CYBER ATTACK. 
Section 1903(a)(2) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘cyber,’’ before ‘‘nuclear,’’. 
SEC. 1632. CHANGE IN NAME OF NATIONAL DE-FENSE UNIVERSITY’S INFORMATION RESOURCES MANAGEMENT COLLEGE TO COLLEGE OF INFORMATION AND CYBERSPACE. 
Section 2165(b)(5) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Information Re-sources Management College’’ and inserting ‘‘College of Information and Cyberspace’’. 
SEC. 1633. REQUIREMENT TO ENTER INTO AGREE-MENTS RELATING TO USE OF CYBER OPPOSITION FORCES. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR AGREEMENTS .—Not later than September 30, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall enter into an agreement with each combatant command relating to the use of cyber opposition forces. Each agreement shall require the command— (1) to support a high state of mission readiness in the command through the use of one or more cyber opposition forces in continuous exercises and other training activities as considered ap-propriate by the commander of the command; and (2) in conducting such exercises and training activities, meet the standard required under sub-section (b). (b) JOINT STANDARD FOR CYBER OPPOSITION  F
ORCES .—Not later than March 31, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall issue a joint training and certification standard for use by all cyber opposition forces within the Department of De-fense. (c) B
RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on— (1) a list of each combatant command that has entered into an agreement required by sub-section (a); (2) with respect to each such agreement— (A) special conditions in the agreement placed on any cyber opposition force used by the com-mand; (B) the process for making decisions about deconfliction and risk mitigation of cyber oppo-sition force activities in continuous exercises and training; (C) identification of cyber opposition forces trained and certified to operate at the joint standard, as issued under subsection (b); (D) identification of the annual exercises that will include participation of the cyber opposi-tion forces; (E) identification of any shortfalls in re-sources that may prevent annual exercises using cyber opposition forces; and (3) any other matters the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate. 
SEC. 1634. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR CRYPTOGRAPHIC SYS-TEMS AND KEY MANAGEMENT IN-FRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for cryptographic systems and key management infrastructure, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until the date on which the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of the National Security Agency, submits to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on the integration of the cryptographic modernization and key management infrastructure programs of the military departments, including a descrip-tion of how the military departments have im-plemented stronger leadership, increased inte-gration, and reduced redundancy with respect to such modernization and programs. (b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means the fol-lowing: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces 
SEC. 1641. IMPROVEMENTS TO COUNCIL ON OVERSIGHT OF NATIONAL LEADER-SHIP COMMAND, CONTROL, AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEM. 
(a) R ESPONSIBILITIES .—Subsection (d) of sec-tion 171a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘, and including with re-spect to the integrated tactical warning and at-tack assessment systems, processes, and enablers, and continuity of the governmental functions of the Department of Defense’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(C), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘(including space system architectures and associated user terminals and ground segments)’’. (b) ENSURING CAPABILITIES .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (i) as sub-section (k); and (2) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(i) R
EPORTS ON SPACE ARCHITECTURE DEVEL-
OPMENT .—(1) Not less than 90 days before each of the dates on which a system described in paragraph (2) achieves Milestone A or Milestone B approval, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisitions, Technology, and Logistics shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report prepared by the Council detailing the im-plications of any changes to the architecture of such a system with respect to the systems, capa-bilities, and programs covered under subsection (d). ‘‘(2) A system described in this paragraph is any of the following: ‘‘(A) Advanced extremely high frequency sat-ellites. ‘‘(B) The space-based infrared system. ‘‘(C) The integrated tactical warning and at-tack assessment system and its command and control system. ‘‘(D) The enhanced polar system. ‘‘(3) In this subsection, the terms ‘Milestone A approval’ and ‘Milestone B approval’ have the meanings given such terms in section 2366(e) of this title. ‘‘(j) N
OTIFICATION OF REDUCTION OF CERTAIN  W
ARNING TIME.—(1) None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made avail-able to the Department of Defense for any fiscal year may be used to change any command, con-trol, and communications system described in subsection (d)(1) in a manner that reduces the warning time provided to the national leader-ship of the United States with respect to a warning of a strategic missile attack on the United States unless— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of Defense notifies the con-gressional defense committees of such proposed change and reduction; and ‘‘(B) a period of one year elapses following the date of such notification. ‘‘(2) Not later than March 1, 2017, and each year thereafter, the Council shall determine whether the integrated tactical warning and at-tack assessment system and its command and control system have met all warfighter require-ments for operational availability, survivability, and endurability. If the Council determines that such systems have not met such requirements, the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees— ‘‘(A) an explanation for such negative deter-mination; ‘‘(B) a description of the mitigations that are in place or being put in place as a result of such negative determination; and ‘‘(C) the plan of the Secretary and the Chair-man to ensure that the Council is able to make a positive determination in the following year.’’. (d) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Subsection (e) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘At the same time’’ and all that follows through ‘‘title 31,’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘During the period preceding January 31, 2021, at the same time each year that the budget of the President is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, and from time to time after such period at the discretion of the Coun-cil,’’. 
SEC. 1642. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN SENSITIVE INFORMATION BY STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS. 
(a) S PECIAL NUCLEAR MATERIAL .—Section 128 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) Information that the Secretary prohibits to be disseminated pursuant to subsection (a) that is provided to a State or local government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2539 May 17, 2016 
shall remain under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense, and a State or local law au-thorizing or requiring a State or local govern-ment to disclose such information shall not apply to such information.’’. (b) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY IN-
FORMATION .—Section 130e of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (f) and moving such subsection, as so re-designated, to appear after subsection (e); and (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY IN-
FORMATION .—In addition to any other authority or requirement regarding protection from dis-semination of information, the Secretary may designate information as being Department of Defense critical infrastructure security informa-tion, including during the course of creating such information, to ensure that such informa-tion is not disseminated without authorization. Information so designated is subject to the de-termination process under subsection (a) to de-termine whether to exempt such information from disclosure described in such subsection. ‘‘(c) I
NFORMATION PROVIDED TO STATE AND  L
OCAL GOVERNMENTS .—(1) Department of De-fense critical infrastructure security information covered by a written determination under sub-section (a) or designated under subsection (b) that is provided to a State or local government shall remain under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense. ‘‘(2)(A) A State or local law authorizing or re-quiring a State or local government to disclose Department of Defense critical infrastructure se-curity information that is covered by a written determination under subsection (a) shall not apply to such information. ‘‘(B) If a person requests pursuant to a State or local law that a State or local government disclose information that is designated as De-partment of Defense critical infrastructure secu-rity information under subsection (b), the State or local government shall provide the Secretary an opportunity to carry out the determination process under subsection (a) to determine whether to exempt such information from disclo-sure pursuant to subparagraph (A).’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION 128 .—Section 128 of such title is further amended in the section heading by strik-ing ‘‘Physical’’ and inserting ‘‘Control and physical’’. (2) S
ECTION 130E .—Section 130e of such title is further amended— (A) by striking the section heading and insert-ing the following new section heading: ‘‘ Control and protection of critical infrastructure secu-rity information’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking the sub-section heading and inserting the following new subsection heading; ‘‘E
XEMPTION FROM FREE-
DOM OF INFORMATION ACT.—’’; (C) in subsection (d), by striking the sub-section heading and inserting the following new subsection heading: ‘‘D
ELEGATION OF DETER-
MINATION AUTHORITY .—’’; and (D) in subsection (e), by striking the sub-section heading and inserting the following new subsection heading: ‘‘T
RANSPARENCY OF DETER-
MINATIONS .—’’. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 3 of such title is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to section 128 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘128. Control and physical protection of special nuclear material: limitation on dissemination of unclassified in-formation.’’; and (2) by striking the item relating to section 130e and inserting the following new item: ‘‘130e. Control and protection of critical infra-structure security information.’’. SEC. 1643. PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR CER-TAIN PARTS OF INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE FUZES. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Notwith- standing section 1502(a) of title 31, United States Code, of the amount authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2017 by section 101 and available for Missile Procurement, Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4101, $17,095,000 shall be available for the procure-ment of covered parts pursuant to contracts en-tered into under section 1645(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ Mckeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3651). (b) C
OVERED PARTS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered parts’’ means commercially available off-the-shelf items as defined in sec-tion 104 of title 41, United States Code. 
SEC. 1644. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR MOBILE VARIANT OF GROUND-BASED STRATEGIC DETER-RENT MISSILE. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2017 or 2018 may be obli-gated or expended to retain the option for, or develop, a mobile variant of the ground-based strategic deterrent missile. 
SEC. 1645. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR EXTENSION OF NEW START TREATY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 or any other fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to extend the New START Treaty unless— (1) the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff submits the report under subsection (b); (2) the Director of National Intelligence sub-mits the National Intelligence Estimate under subsection (c)(2); and (3) a period of 180 days elapses following the submission of both the report and the National Intelligence Estimate. (b) R
EPORT .—The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report detailing the following: (1) The impacts on the nuclear forces and force planning of the United States with respect to a State Party to the New START Treaty de-veloping a capability to conduct a rapid reload of its ballistic missiles. (2) Whether any State Party to the New START Treaty has significantly increased its upload capability with non-deployed nuclear warheads and the degree to which such develop-ments impact crisis stability and the nuclear forces, force planning, use concepts, and deter-rent strategy of the United States. (3) The extent to which non-treaty-limited nu-clear or strategic conventional systems pose a threat to the United States or the allies of the United States. (4) The extent to which violations of arms control treaty and agreement obligations pose a risk to the national security of the United States and the allies of the United States, including the perpetuation of violations ongoing as of the date of the enactment of this Act, as well as po-tential further violations. (5) The extent to which— (A) the ‘‘escalate-to-deescalate’’ nuclear use doctrine of the Russian Federation is deterred under the current nuclear force structure, weap-ons capabilities, and declaratory policy of the United States; and (B) deterring the implementation of such a doctrine has been integrated into the warplans of the United States. (6) The status of the nuclear weapons, nu-clear weapons infrastructure, and nuclear com-mand and control modernization activities of the United States, and the impact such status has on plans to— (A) implement the reduction of the nuclear weapons of the United States; or (B) further reduce the numbers and types of such weapons. (7) Whether, and if so, the reasons that, the New START Treaty, and the extension of the treaty as of the date of the report, is in the na-tional security interests of the United States. (c) NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE ESTIMATE .— (1) P
RODUCTION .—The Director of National Intelligence shall produce a National Intel-ligence Estimate on the following: (A) The nuclear forces and doctrine of the Russian Federation. (B) The nuclear weapons research and pro-duction capability of Russia. (C) The compliance of Russia with respect to arms control obligations (including treaties, agreements, and other obligations). (D) The doctrine of Russia with respect to tar-geting adversary critical infrastructure and the relationship between such doctrine and other Russian war planning, including, at a min-imum, ‘‘escalate-to-deescalate’’ concepts. (2) S
UBMISSION .—The Director of National In-telligence shall submit. consistent with the pro-tection of sources and methods, to the appro-priate congressional committees the National In-telligence Estimate produced under paragraph (1). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional com-mittees’’ means— (A) the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate; (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (C) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘New START Treaty’’ means the Treaty between the United States of America and the Russian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and en-tered into force on February 5, 2011. 
SEC. 1646. CONSOLIDATION OF NUCLEAR COM-MAND, CONTROL, AND COMMUNICA-TIONS FUNCTIONS OF THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) R OLE OF MAJOR COMMAND .— (1) C
ONSOLIDATION .—Not later than March 31, 2017, the Secretary of the Air Force shall con-solidate under a major command commanded by a single general officer the responsibility, au-thority, accountability, and resources for car-rying out the nuclear command, control, and communications functions of the Air Force, in-cluding, at a minimum, with respect to the fol-lowing: (A) All terrestrial and aerial components of the nuclear command and control system that are survivable and endurable. (B) All terrestrial and aerial components of the integrated tactical warning and attack as-sessment system that are survivable and endur-able. (2) O
VERSIGHT AND BUDGET APPROVAL .—Not later than March 31, 2017, in addition to the re-sponsibility, authority, accountability, and re-sources for carrying out the nuclear command, control, and communications functions of the Air Force provided to a commander of a major command under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide to the commander the responsi-bility, authority, accountability, and resources to— (A) conduct oversight over all components of the nuclear command and control system and the integrated tactical warning and attack as-sessment system, regardless of the location or the endurability of such components; and (B) approve or disapprove of any budgetary actions related to all components of the nuclear command and control system and the integrated tactical warning and attack assessment system, regardless of the location or the endurability of such components. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than January 15, 2017, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2540 May 17, 2016 
defense committees a report on the plans and actions taken by the Secretary to carry out sub-section (a), including any guidance, directives, and orders that have been or will be issued by the Secretary, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, or other elements of the Air Force to carry out subsection (a). 
SEC. 1647. REPORT ON RUSSIAN AND CHINESE POLITICAL AND MILITARY LEADER-SHIP SURVIVABILITY, COMMAND AND CONTROL, AND CONTINUITY OF GOVERNMENT PROGRAMS AND AC-TIVITIES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than January 15, 2017, the Director of National Intelligence shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional committees, consistent with the protection of sources and methods, a report on the leadership surviv-ability, command and control, and continuity of government programs and activities with respect to the People’s Republic of China and the Rus-sian Federation, respectively. The report shall include the following: (1) The goals and objectives of such programs and activities of each respective country. (2) An assessment of how such programs and activities fit into the political and military doc-trine and strategy of each respective country. (3) An assessment of the size and scope of such activities, including the location and de-scription of above-ground and underground fa-cilities important to the political and military leadership survivability, command and control, and continuity of government programs and ac-tivities of each respective country. (4) An identification of which facilities var-ious senior political and military leaders of each respective country are expected to operate out of during crisis and wartime. (5) A technical assessment of the political and military means and methods for command and control in wartime of each respective country. (6) An identification of key officials and orga-nizations of each respective country involved in managing and operating such facilities, pro-grams and activities, including the command structure for each organization involved in such programs and activities. (7) An assessment of how senior leaders of each respective country measure the effective-ness of such programs and activities. (8) An estimate of the annual cost of such pro-grams and activities. (9) An assessment of the degree of enhanced survivability such programs and activities can be expected to provide in various military sce-narios ranging from limited conventional con-flict to strategic nuclear employment. (10) An assessment of the type and extent of foreign assistance, if any, in such programs and activities. (11) An assessment of the status and the effec-tiveness of the intelligence collection of the United States on such programs and capabili-ties, and any gaps in such collection. (12) Any other matters the Director determines appropriate. (b) C
OUNCIL ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Director sub-mits the report under subsection (a), the Council on Oversight of the National Leadership Com-mand, Control, and Communications System es-tablished by section 171a of title 10, United States Code, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of how the command, control, and communications sys-tems for the national leadership of the People’s Republic of China and the Russian Federation, respectively, compare to such system of the United States. (c) STRATCOM.—Together with the assess-ment submitted under subsection (b), the Com-mander of the United States Strategic Command shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees the views of the Commander on the report under subsection (a), including a detailed description for how the leadership survivability, command and control, and continuity of govern-ment programs and activities of the People’s Re-public of China and the Russian Federation, re-spectively, are considered in the plans and op-tions under the responsibility of the Commander under the unified command plan. (d) FORMS .—Each report or assessment sub-mitted under this section may be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (e) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 1648. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON IMPORTANCE OF INDEPENDENT NUCLEAR DETER-RENT OF UNITED KINGDOM. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States believes that the inde-pendent nuclear deterrent and decision-making of the United Kingdom provides a crucial con-tribution to international stability, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization alliance, and the national security of the United States; (2) nuclear deterrence is and will continue to be the highest priority mission of the Depart-ment of Defense and the United States benefits when the closest ally of the United States clear-ly and unequivocally sets similar priorities; (3) the United States sees the nuclear deter-rent of the United Kingdom as central to trans- Atlantic security and to the commitment of the United Kingdom to NATO to spend two percent of gross domestic product on defense; (4) the commitment of the United Kingdom to maintain a continuous at-sea deterrence posture today and in the future complements the deter-rent capabilities of the United States and pro-vides a credible ‘‘second center of decision mak-ing’’ which ensures potential attackers cannot discount the solidarity of the mutual relation-ship of the United States and the United King-dom; (5) the United States Navy must execute the Ohio-class replacement submarine program on time and within budget, seeking efficiencies and cost savings wherever possible, to ensure that the program delivers a Common Missile Com-partment, the Trident II (D5) Strategic Weapon System, and associated equipment and produc-tion capabilities, that support the successful de-velopment and deployment of the Vanguard- successor submarines of the United Kingdom; and (6) the close technical collaboration, especially expert mutual scientific peer review, provides valuable resilience and cost effectiveness to the respective deterrence programs of the United States and the United Kingdom. Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs 
SEC. 1651. EXTENSIONS OF PROHIBITIONS RELAT-ING TO MISSILE DEFENSE INFORMA-TION AND SYSTEMS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON INTEGRATION OF CERTAIN  M
ISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 130h of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); (B) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection (d): ‘‘(d) I
NTEGRATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made avail-able for any fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to inte-grate a missile defense system of the Russian Federation or a missile defense system of the People’s Republic of China into any missile de-fense system of the United States.’’; and (C) by striking the section heading and insert-ing the following: ‘‘Prohibitions relating to missile defense information and systems ’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 3 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 130h and inserting the following new item: ‘‘130h. Prohibitions relating to missile defense information and systems.’’. (3) CONFORMING REPEALS .—Sections 1672 and 1673 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1130) are repealed. (b) E
XTENSION OF SUNSET .—Section 130h(e) of title 10, United States Code, as redesignated by subsection (a)(1), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) S
UNSET .—The prohibitions in subsections (a), (b), and (d) shall expire on January 1, 2027.’’. 
SEC. 1652. REVIEW OF THE MISSILE DEFEAT POL-ICY AND STRATEGY OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) N EWREVIEW .—The Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly conduct a new review of the missile defeat capability, policy, and strategy of the United States, with respect to— (1) left- and right-of-launch ballistic missile defense for— (A) both regional and homeland purposes; and (B) the full range of active, passive, kinetic, and nonkinetic defense measures across the full spectrum of land-, air-, sea-, and space-based platforms; (2) the integration of offensive and defensive forces for the defeat of ballistic missiles, includ-ing against weapons initially deployed on bal-listic missiles, such as hypersonic glide vehicles; and (3) cruise missile defense of the homeland. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review under subsection (a) shall address the following: (1) The missile defeat policy, strategy, and ob-jectives of the United States in relation to the national security strategy of the United States and the military strategy of the United States. (2) The role of deterrence in the missile defeat policy and strategy of the United States. (3) The missile defeat posture, capability, and force structure of the United States. (4) With respect to both the five- and ten-year periods beginning on the date of the review, the planned and desired end-state of the missile de-feat programs of the United States, including re-garding the integration and interoperability of such programs with the joint forces and the in-tegration and interoperability of such programs with allies, and specific benchmarks, milestones, and key steps required to reach such end-states. (5) The organization, discharge, and oversight of acquisition for the missile defeat programs of the United States. (6) The roles and responsibilities of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, Defense Agencies, combatant commands, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the military departments in such programs and the process for ensuring accountability of each stakeholder. (7) The process for determining requirements for missile defeat capabilities under such pro-grams, including input from the joint military requirements process. (8) The process for determining the force structure and inventory objectives for such pro-grams. (9) Standards for the military utility, oper-ational effectiveness, suitability, and surviv-ability of the missile defeat systems of the United States. (10) The method in which resources for the missile defeat mission are planned, programmed, and budgeted within the Department of De-fense. (11) The near-term and long-term costs and cost effectiveness of such programs. (12) The options for affecting the offense-de-fense cost curve. (13) Accountability, transparency, and over-sight with respect to such programs. (14) The role of international cooperation on missile defeat in the missile defeat policy and strategy of the United States and the plans, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2541 May 17, 2016 
policies, and requirements for integration and interoperability of missile defeat capability with allies. (15) Options for enhancing and making rou-tine the codevelopment of missile defeat capa-bilities with allies of the United States in the near-term and far-term. (16) Declaratory policy governing the employ-ment of missile defeat capabilities and the mili-tary options and plans and employment options of such capabilities. (17) The role of multi-mission defense and other assets of the United States, including space and terrestrial sensors and plans to achieve multi-mission capability in current, planned, and other future assets and acquisi-tion programs. (18) The indications and warning required to meet the missile defeat strategy and objectives of the United States described in paragraph (1) and the key enablers and programs to achieve such indications and warning. (19) The impact of the mobility, counter-measures, and denial and deception capabilities of adversaries on the indications and warning described in paragraph (16) and the con-sequences of such impact for the missile defeat capability, objectives, and military options of the United States and the plans of the combat-ant commanders. (20) Any other matters the Secretary deter-mines relevant. (c) R
EPORTS .— (1) R
ESULTS .—Not later than January 31, 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the re-sults of the review under subsection (a). (2) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (3) A
NNUAL IMPLEMENTATION UPDATES .—Dur- ing the five-year period beginning on the date of the submission of the report under paragraph (1), the Director of Cost Assessment and Pro-gram Evaluation shall submit to the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the congressional defense committees annual status updates detailing the progress of the Secretary in implementing the missile defeat strategy of the United States. (4) T
HREAT REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, and the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate a report containing an unclassified summary, consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods, of— (A) as of the date of the report, the ballistic and cruise missile threat to the United States, deployed forces of the United States, and friends and allies of the United States from short-, me-dium-, intermediate-, and long-range nuclear and non-nuclear ballistic and cruise missile threats; and (B) an assessment of such threat in 2026. (d) N
OTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Secretary of Defense may be obligated or expended to change the non- standard acquisition processes and responsibil-ities described in paragraph (2) until— (A) the Secretary notifies the congressional defense committees of such proposed change; and (B) a period of 180 days has elapsed following the date of such notification. (2) N
ON-STANDARD ACQUISITION PROCESSES AND  
RESPONSIBILITIES DESCRIBED .—The non-stand-ard acquisition processes and responsibilities de-scribed in this paragraph are such processes and responsibilities described in— (A) the memorandum of the Secretary of De-fense titled ‘‘Missile Defense Program Direc-tion’’ signed on January 2, 2002; and (B) Department of Defense Directive 5134.09, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) DESIGNATION REQUIRED .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Not later than March 31, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall designate a military department or Defense Agency with ac-quisition authority with respect to— (A) the capability to defend the homeland from cruise missiles; and (B) left-of-launch ballistic missile defeat capa-bility. (2) V
ALIDATION .—In making such designation under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall include a description of the manner in which the mili-tary requirements for such capabilities will be validated. 
SEC. 1653. IRON DOME SHORT-RANGE ROCKET DEFENSE SYSTEM AND ISRAELI CO-OPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE PRO-GRAM CODEVELOPMENT AND CO-PRODUCTION. 
(a) I RON DOME SHORT -RANGE ROCKET DE-
FENSE SYSTEM .— (1) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the funds au-thorized to be appropriated by section 101 for procurement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, not more than $62,000,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel to procure Tamir interceptors for the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense system, as specified in the funding table in division D, through coproduction of such interceptors in the United States by industry of the United States. (2) C
ONDITIONS .— (A) A
GREEMENT .—Funds described in para-graph (1) for the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense program shall be available subject to the terms and conditions in the Agreement Between the Department of Defense of the United States of America and the Ministry of Defense of the State of Israel Concerning Iron Dome Defense System Procurement, signed on March 5, 2014, subject to an amended bilateral international agreement for coproduction for Tamir intercep-tors. In negotiations by the Missile Defense Agency and the Missile Defense Organization of the Government of Israel regarding such pro-duction, the goal of the United States is to maxi-mize opportunities for coproduction of the Tamir interceptors described in paragraph (1) in the United States by industry of the United States. (B) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days prior to the initial obligation of funds described in paragraph (1), the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency and the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall jointly submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees— (i) a certification that the bilateral inter-national agreement specified in subparagraph (A) is being implemented as provided in such bi-lateral international agreement; and (ii) an assessment detailing any risks relating to the implementation of such bilateral inter-national agreement. (b) C
OOPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE PROGRAM  C
ODEVELOPMENT AND COPRODUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2017 for procurement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency— (A) not more than $150,000,000 may be pro-vided to the Government of Israel to procure the David’s Sling Weapon System, including for co-production of parts and components in the United States by United States industry; and (B) not more than $120,000,000 may be pro-vided to the Government of Israel for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program, including for coproduction of parts and components in the United States by United States industry. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .— (A) C
RITERIA .—Except as provided by para-graph (3), the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a certification that— (i) the Government of Israel has demonstrated the successful completion of the knowledge points, technical milestones, and production readiness reviews required by the research, de-velopment, and technology agreements for the David’s Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Development Program, respectively; (ii) funds specified in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) will be provided on the basis of a one-for-one cash match made by Israel for such respective systems or in another matching amount that otherwise meets best ef-forts (as mutually agreed to by the United States and Israel); (iii) the United States has entered into a bilat-eral international agreement with Israel that es-tablishes, with respect to the use of such funds— (I) in accordance with clause (iv), the terms of coproduction of parts and components of such respective systems on the basis of the greatest practicable coproduction of parts, components, and all-up rounds (if appropriate) by United States industry and minimizes nonrecurring en-gineering and facilitization expenses to the costs needed for coproduction; (II) complete transparency on the requirement of Israel for the number of interceptors and bat-teries of such respective systems that will be pro-cured, including with respect to the procurement plans, acquisition strategy, and funding profiles of Israel; (III) technical milestones for coproduction of parts and components and procurement of such respective systems; and (IV) joint approval processes for third-party sales of such respective systems and the compo-nents of such respective systems; (iv) the level of coproduction described in clause (iii)(I) for the Arrow 3 and David’s Sling Weapon System is not less than 50 percent; and (v) such funds may not be obligated or ex-pended to cover costs related to any delays, in-cluding delays with respect to exchanging tech-nical data or specifications. (B) NUMBER .—In carrying out subparagraph (A), the Under Secretary may submit— (i) one certification covering both the David’s Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; or (ii) separate certifications for each such re-spective system. (C) T
IMING .—The Under Secretary shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees the certification under subparagraph (A) by not later than 60 days before the funds specified in paragraph (1) for the respective system covered by the certification are provided to the Govern-ment of Israel. (3) W
AIVER .—The Under Secretary may waive the certification required by paragraph (2) if the Under Secretary certifies to the appropriate con-gressional committees that the Under Secretary has received sufficient data from the Govern-ment of Israel to demonstrate— (A) the funds specified in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) are provided to Israel solely for funding the procurement of long-lead components in accordance with a production plan, including a funding profile detailing Israeli contributions for production, including long-lead production, of either David’s Sling Weapon System or the Arrow 3 Upper Tier In-terceptor Program; (B) such long-lead components have success-fully completed knowledge points, technical milestones, and production readiness reviews; and (C) the long-lead procurement will be con-ducted in a manner that maximizes coproduc-tion in the United States without incurring ad-ditional nonrecurring engineering activity or cost. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means the fol-lowing: (1) The congressional defense committees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2542 May 17, 2016 
(2) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 1654. MAXIMIZING AEGIS ASHORE CAPA-BILITY. 
(a) A NTI-AIRWARFARE CAPABILITY OF AEGIS A
SHORE SITES.— (1) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a complete evaluation of the opti-mal anti-air warfare capability— (A) for each current Aegis Ashore site by not later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act; and (B) as part of any future deployment by the United States of an Aegis Ashore site after the date of such enactment. (2) A
SSESSMENTS INCLUDED .—Each evaluation under paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of the potential deployment of enhanced sea sparrow missiles, standard missile block 2 mis-siles, standard missile block 6 missiles, or the SeaRAM missile system. (3) C
ONSISTENCY WITH ANNEX .—The Secretary shall carry out this subsection consistent with any classified annex accompanying this Act. (b) A
EGIS ASHORE CAPABILITY EVALUATION .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees an evaluation of each of the fol-lowing: (1) The ballistic missile and air threat against the continental United States and the efficacy (including with respect to cost, ideal and opti-mal deployment locations, and potential deploy-ment schedule) of deploying one or more Aegis Ashore sites and Aegis Ashore components for the ballistic and cruise missile defense of the continental United States. (2) The ballistic missile and air threat against the Armed Forces on Guam and the efficacy (in-cluding with respect to cost and schedule) of de-ploying an Aegis Ashore site on Guam. (c) A
EGIS ASHORE SITE ON THE PACIFIC MIS-
SILERANGE FACILITY .— (1) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of Defense may not reduce the manning levels or test capa-bility, as such levels and capability existed on January 1, 2015, of the Aegis Ashore site at the Pacific Missile Range Facility in Hawaii, in-cluding by putting such site into a ‘‘cold’’ or ‘‘stand by’’ status. (2) E
NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT .— (A) Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Director of the Missile Defense Agen-cy submits to the congressional defense commit-tees the report under section 1689(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1144), the Director shall notify such committees on whether the preferred alternative for fielding a medium range ballistic missile defense sensor for the defense of Hawaii identified by such report would require an update to the environmental impact statement required for constructing the Aegis Ashore site at the Pacific Missile Range Facility. (B) If the Director determines that an updated environmental impact statement, a new environ-mental impact statement, or another action is required or recommended pursuant to the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. et seq.), the Director shall commence such action by not later than 60 days after the date on which the Director makes the notifica-tion under subparagraph (A). (3) E
VALUATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly submit to the con-gressional defense committees an evaluation of the ballistic missile and air threat against Ha-waii (including with respect to threats to the Armed Forces and installations located in Ha-waii) and the efficacy (including with respect to cost and potential alternatives) of— (A) making the Aegis Ashore site at the Pa-cific Missile Range Facility operational; (B) deploying the preferred alternative for fielding a medium range ballistic missile defense sensor for the defense of Hawaii described in paragraph (2)(A); and (C) any other alternative the Secretary and the Chairman determine appropriate. (d) FORMS .—The evaluations submitted under subsections (b) and (c)(3) shall each be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may each in-clude a classified annex. 
SEC. 1655. TECHNICAL AUTHORITY FOR INTE-GRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAMS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Missile Defense Agency is the technical authority of the Department of Defense for integrated air and missile defense activities and programs, includ-ing joint engineering and integration efforts for such activities and programs, including with re-spect to defining and controlling the interfaces of such activities and programs and the alloca-tion of technical requirements for such activities and programs. (2) D
ETAILEES .— (A) In carrying out the technical authority under paragraph (1), the Director may seek to have staff detailed to the Missile Defense Agen-cy from the Joint Functional Component Com-mand for Integrated Missile Defense and the Joint Integrated Air and Missile Defense Orga-nization in a number the Director determines necessary in accordance with subparagraph (B). (B) In detailing staff under subparagraph (A) to carry out the technical authority under para-graph (1), the total number of staff, including detailees, of the Missile Defense Agency who carry out such authority may not exceed the number that is twice the number of such staff carrying out such authority as of January 1, 2016. (b) A
SSESSMENTS AND PLANS.— (1) B
IENNIAL SUBMISSION .—Not later than Jan-uary 31, 2017, and biennially thereafter through 2021, the Director shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees an assessment of the state of integration and interoperability of the integrated air and missile defense capabilities of the Department of Defense. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each assessment under para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) Identification of any gaps in the integra-tion and interoperability of the integrated air and missile defense capabilities of the Depart-ment. (B) A description of the options to improve such capabilities and remediate such gaps. (C) A plan to carry out such improvements and remediations, including milestones and costs for such plan. (3) F
ORM.—Each assessment under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in classified form unless the Director determines that submitting such as-sessment in unclassified form is useful and expe-dient. 
SEC. 1656. DEVELOPMENT AND RESEARCH OF NON-TERRESTRIAL MISSILE DE-FENSE LAYER. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Missile Defense Agency, with the sup-port of federally funded research and develop-ment centers with subject matter expertise, shall commence the planning for concept definition, design, research, development, engineering eval-uation, and test of a space-based ballistic missile intercept and defeat layer to the ballistic missile defense system that— (A) shall provide defense options to ballistic missiles and re-entry vehicles, independent of adversary country size and threat trajectory; and (B) may provide a boost-phase missile defense capability, as well as additional defensive op-tions against direct ascent anti-satellite weap-ons, hypersonic boost glide vehicles, and maneu-vering re-entry vehicles. (2) ACTIVITIES .—The planning activities au-thorized under paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (A) The initiation of formal steps for potential integration into the ballistic missile defense sys-tem architecture. (B) Mature planning for early proof of con-cept component demonstrations. (C) Draft operation concepts in the context of a multi-layer architecture. (D) Identification of proof of concept vendor sources for demo components and subassemblies. (E) The development of multi-year technology and risk reduction investment plan. (F) The commencement of the development of a proof of concept master program phasing schedule. (G) Identification of proof of concept long lead items. (H) Initiation of requests for proposals from industry with significant commercial, civil, and national security space experience, including for space launch services. (I) Mature options for an aggressive but low- risk acquisition strategy. (b) S
PACE TESTBED.—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall commence planning for research, development, test, and evaluation activities with respect to a space test bed for a missile inter-ceptor capability. (c) B
UDGET SUBMISSIONS .—The Director shall submit with the budget of the President sub-mitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2018 a de-tailed budget and development plan, irrespective of planned budgetary total obligation authority, for the activities described in subsections (a) and (b), assuming initial demonstration, on- orbit, of such the capabilities described in such subsections by 2025. 
SEC. 1657. HYPERSONIC BOOST GLIDE VEHICLE DEFENSE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Missile Defense Agency shall establish a program of record in the ballistic missile de-fense system to develop and field a defensive system to defeat hypersonic boost-glide and ma-neuvering ballistic missiles. Such defense system may be a new system, a modification of an exist-ing system, or developed by integrating existing systems. (2) C
ODEVELOPMENT .— In developing the pro-gram of record for the defensive system under paragraph (1), the Director shall consider op-portunities for codevelopment, including through financial support, with allies and part-ners of the United States. (b) L
IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the head-quarters operations of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy and the headquarters oper-ations of the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition, Technology, and Logistics, $25,000,000 may not be obligated or expended for each such headquarters operations until— (1) the Director certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Director has estab-lished the program of record under paragraph (1) of subsection (a), including a discussion of— (A) the options for codevelopment considered by the Director under paragraph (2) of such subsection; (B) such options the Director has assessed; and (C) such options the Director recommends be pursued in the program of record; and (2) the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff submits to the congressional defense committees a report on the military capability or capabili-ties and capability gaps relating to the threat posed by hypersonic boost-glide and maneu-vering ballistic missiles to the United States, the forces of the United States, and the allies of the United States; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2543 May 17, 2016 
(3) a period of 30 days has elapsed following the date on which the congressional defense committees has received both the certification and the report. (c) R
EPORT ON MTCR.—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the implications for the Missile Technology Control Regime re-garding the development of a defensive system, including with respect to partnering with allies and partners of the United States, to counter hypersonic boost-glide and maneuvering bal-listic missiles. (d) P
LAN.—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the budget of the President for fiscal year 2018 is submitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, Unites States Code, the Director shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a plan to field the defensive system under paragraph (1) of subsection (a) by 2021, including— (1) a schedule of required ground, flight, and intercept tests; and (2) the estimated budget for such plan, includ-ing a budget with codevelopment described in paragraph (2) of such subsection and a budget without such codevelopment, required for each year beginning with fiscal year 2018. 
SEC. 1658. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR PATRIOT LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE CAPA-BILITY OF THE ARMY. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the Patriot lower tier air and mis-sile defense capability of the Army, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until each of the following occurs: (1) The Director of the Missile Defense Agency certifies to the congressional defense committees that such capability, upon the completion of the modernization process addressed by the analysis of alternatives regarding such capability, will be fully interoperable with the ballistic missile de-fense system and other air and missile defense capabilities deployed and planned to be de-ployed by the United States. (2) The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff certifies to the congressional defense committees that such capability, upon the completion of the modernization process addressed by the analysis of alternatives regarding such capability, will meet— (A) the desired attributes for modularity sought by the geographic combatant commands; and (B) the validated and objective warfighter re-quirements for air and missile defense capa-bility. (3) The Chief of Staff of the Army, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of the Army, submits to the congressional defense committees— (A) a determination as to whether the require-ments of the lower tier air and missile defense program are appropriate for acquisition through the Army Rapid Capabilities Office, and if the determination is that such requirements are not so appropriate, an evaluation of why; (B) the terms of the competition planned for the lower tier air and missile defense program to ensure fair competition for all competitors; and (C) either— (i) certification that— (I) the requirements of the lower tier air and missile defense program can only be met through a multi-year development and acquisition pro-gram, rather than through more expedient modi-fication of existing or demonstrated capabilities of the Department of Defense; and (II) the lower tier air and missile defense ac-quisition program as designed as of the date of the certification will provide the most rapid de-ployment of a modernized capability to the warfighter at reasonable risk levels (as com-pared to systems with similar amounts of com-plexity and technological readiness); or (ii) a revised acquisition strategy for the lower tier air and missile defense acquisition program, including a schedule to carry out such strategy. (4) If the Chief of Staff of the Army submits the revised acquisition strategy under para-graph (3)(C)(ii), a period of 30 days has elapsed following the date of such submission. SEC. 1659. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR CONVENTIONAL PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE WEAPONS SYSTEM. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Defense-wide, for the conventional prompt global strike weapons system, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in consultation with the Commander of the United States European Com-mand, the Commander of the United States Pa-cific Command, and the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, submits to the congressional defense committees a report on— (1) whether there are warfighter requirements or integrated priorities list submitted needs for a limited operational conventional prompt strike capability; and (2) whether the program plan and schedule proposed by the program office in the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics supports such re-quirements and integrated priorities lists submis-sions. 
SEC. 1660. PILOT PROGRAM ON LOSS OF UNCLAS-SIFIED, CONTROLLED TECHNICAL INFORMATION. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—Beginning not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall carry out a pilot program to imple-ment improvements to the data protection op-tions in the programs of the Missile Defense Agency (including the contractors of the Agen-cy), particularly with respect to unclassified, controlled technical information and controlled unclassified information. (b) P
RIORITY .—In carrying out the pilot pro-gram under subsection (a), the Director shall give priority to implementing data protection op-tions that are used by the private sector and have been proven successful. (c) D
URATION .—The Director shall carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) for not more than a 5-year period. (d) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days be-fore the date on which the Director commences the pilot program under subsection (a), the Di-rector shall notify the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representa-tives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs of the Senate of— (1) the data protection options that the Direc-tor is considering to implement under the pilot program and the potential costs of such options; and (2) such option that is the preferred option of the Director. (e) D
ATAPROTECTION OPTIONS .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘data protection options’’ means actions to improve processes, practices, and sys-tems that relate to the safeguarding, hygiene, and data protection of information. 
SEC. 1661. REVIEW OF MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY BUDGET SUBMISSIONS FOR GROUND-BASED MIDCOURSE DE-FENSE AND EVALUATION OF ALTER-NATIVE GROUND-BASED INTER-CEPTOR DEPLOYMENTS. 
(a) B UDGET SUFFICIENCY .— (1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the ground-based midcourse defense system. (2) ELEMENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include an evaluation of each of the following: (A) The modernization requirements for the ground-based midcourse system, including all command and control, ground systems, sensors and sensor interfaces, boosters and kill vehicles, and integration of known future systems and components. (B) The obsolescence of such systems and com-ponents. (C) The industrial base requirements relating to the ground-based midcourse system. (D) The extent to which the estimated levels of annual funding included in the most recent budget and the future-years defense program submitted under section 221 of this title fully fund the requirements under clause (i). (3) U
PDATES .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which each budget is submitted through January 31, 2021, the Director shall submit to the congressional defense committees an update to the report under paragraph (1). (4) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which each budget is sub-mitted through January 31, 2021, the Com-mander of the United States Northern Command shall certify to the congressional defense com-mittees that the most recent defense budget ma-terials include a sufficient level of funding for the ground-based midcourse defense system to modernize the system to remain paced ahead of the developing limited ballistic missile threat to the homeland, including from an accidental or unauthorized ballistic missile attack. (b) E
VALUATION OF TRANSPORTABLE GROUND - 
BASED INTERCEPTOR .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on transportable ground-based intercep-tors. Such report shall detail the views of the Director regarding— (1) the cost that is unconstrained by current projected budget levels for the Missile Defense Agency (including a detailed program develop-ment production and deployment cost and schedule for the earliest technically possible de-ployment), the associated manning, and the comparative cost (including as compared to de-veloping a fixed ground-based interceptor site), technical readiness, and feasibility of a trans-portable ground-based interceptor as a means to deploy additional ground-based interceptors for the defense of the United States and the oper-ational value of a transportable ground-based interceptor for the defense of the homeland against a limited ballistic missile attack, includ-ing from accidental or unauthorized ballistic missile launch; (2) the type and number of flight and or inter-cept tests that would be required to validate the capability and compatibility of a transportable ground-based interceptor in the ballistic missile defense system; (3) the enabling capabilities, and the cost of such capabilities, to support such a system; (4) any safety consideration of a transportable ground-based interceptor; and (5) other matters that the Director determines pertinent to such a system. (c) F
ORM.—The report submitted under sub-section (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘budget’’ and ‘‘defense budget materials’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 231 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 1662. DECLARATORY POLICY, CONCEPT OF OPERATIONS, AND EMPLOYMENT GUIDELINES FOR LEFT-OF-LAUNCH CAPABILITY. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2544 May 17, 2016 
shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees the following: (1) Both the classified and unclassified declar-atory policy of the United States regarding the use of the left-of-launch capability of the United States against potential targets and how the Secretary and the Chairman intend to en-sure that such capability is a deterrent to at-tacks by adversaries. (2) Both the classified and unclassified con-cept of operations for the use of such capability across and between the combatant commands. (3) Both the classified and unclassified em-ployment strategy, plans, and options for such capability. 
SEC. 1663. PROCUREMENT OF MEDIUM-RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR TO IM-PROVE HOMELAND MISSILE DE-FENSE. 
(a) The Director of the Missile Defense Agen-cy shall issue a request for proposals for such radar by not later than October 1, 2017. (b) The Director shall plan to procure a me-dium-range discrimination radar or equivalent sensor for a location the Director determines will improve homeland missile defense for the defense of Hawaii from the limited ballistic mis-sile threat (including accidental or unauthor-ized launch) and plan for such radar to be field-ed by not later than December 31, 2021. 
SEC. 1664. SEMIANNUAL NOTIFICATIONS ON MIS-SILE DEFENSE TESTS AND COSTS. 
(a) N OTIFICATIONS .—Not less than once every 180-day period beginning 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on Jan-uary 31, 2021, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a notification on— (1) the outcome of each planned flight test, in-cluding intercept tests, occurring during the pe-riod covered by the notification; and (2) flight tests, including intercept tests, planned to occur after the date of the notifica-tion. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each notification shall in-clude the following: (1) With respect to each test described in sub-section (a)(1)— (A) the cost; (B) any changes made to the scope or objec-tives of the test, or future tests, and an expla-nation for such changes; (C) in the event of a failure of the test or a de-cision to delay or cancel the test— (i) the reasons such test did not succeed or occur; (ii) the funds expended on such attempted test; and (iii) in the case of a test failure or cancelled test that is the result of contractor performance, the contractor liability, if appropriate, as com-pared to the cost of such test and potential retest; and (D) the plan to conduct a retest, if necessary, and an estimate of the cost of such retest. (2) With respect to each test described in sub-section (a)(2)— (A) any changes made to the scope of the test; (B) whether the test was to occur earlier but was delayed; and (C) an explanation for any such changes or delays. (3) The status of any open failure review boards or any failure review boards completed during the period covered by the notification. (c) F
ORM.—Each notification submitted under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1665. NATIONAL MISSILE DEFENSE POLICY. 
(a) P OLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to maintain and improve a robust layered missile defense system capable of defending the territory of the United States, allies, deployed forces, and capabilities against the developing and increasingly complex ballistic missile threat with funding subject to the annual authoriza-tion of appropriations and the annual appro-priation of funds for National Missile Defense. (b) CONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 2 of the National Missile Defense Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–38; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 1666. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON INITIAL OP-ERATING CAPABILITY OF PHASE 2 OF EUROPEAN PHASED ADAPTIVE AP-PROACH TO MISSILE DEFENSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) President Obama, during his announce-ment of the European Phased Adaptive Ap-proach on September 17, 2009, stated, ‘‘This ap-proach is based on an assessment of the Iranian missile threat,’’ and ‘‘the best way to respon-sibly advance our security and the security of our allies is to deploy a missile defense system that best responds to the threats we face and that utilizes technology that is both proven and cost-effective.’’. (2) The 2010 Ballistic Missile Defense review stated that ‘‘The [European] Phased Adaptive Approach utilizes existing and proven capabili-ties to meet current threats and then will im-prove upon these capabilities over time by inte-grating new technology.’’. (3) Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta, during a speech in Brussels on October 5, 2011, stated, ‘‘The United States is fully committed to build-ing a missile defense capability for the full cov-erage and protection of all our NATO European populations, their territory and their forces against the growing threat posed by ballistic missiles.’’. (4) Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel, during a press conference on March 15, 2013, stated, ‘‘The missile deployments the United States is making in phases one through three of the Eu-ropean Phased Adaptive Approach, including sites in Romania and Poland, will still be able to provide coverage of all European NATO terri-tory as planned by 2018.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States is committed to the de-fense of deployed members of the Armed Forces of the United States and to the defense of the European allies of the Unites States by increas-ing the ballistic missile defense capability of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (in this sec-tion referred to as ‘‘NATO’’); (2) phase 2 of the European Phased Adaptive Approach will provide NATO with a substantial increase in ballistic missile defense capability since NATO declared Interim Ballistic Missile Defense Capability at the Chicago Summit in 2012, and such phase consists of— (A) Aegis Ashore in Romania; (B) four Aegis ballistic missile defense capable ships homeported at Rota, Spain; and (C) a more capable SM–3 interceptor; (3) NATO is moving forward with the mod-ernization of the defense capabilities of NATO that is responsive to 21st century threats to the territory and populations of member states of NATO; (4) the member states of NATO recognize the importance of this contribution, which sends a clear signal that NATO will not allow potential adversaries to threaten the use of ballistic mis-sile strikes to coerce NATO or deter NATO from responding to aggression against the interests of NATO; and (5) phase 2 of the European Phased Adaptive Approach is ready for 24-hour-a-day, seven- day-a-week operation, with proven military sys-tems and command and control capability, and should be so declared at the July 2016 NATO Summit in Warsaw, Poland. Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 1671. PROTECTION OF CERTAIN FACILITIES AND ASSETS FROM UNMANNED AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 1255, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘§ 130j. Protection of certain facilities and as-sets from unmanned aircraft ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may take, and may authorize the armed forces to take, such actions described in subsection (b)(1) that are necessary to mitigate the threat of an unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft that poses an imminent threat (as de-fined by the Secretary of Defense, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of Transportation) to the safety or security of a covered facility or asset. ‘‘(b) ACTIONS DESCRIBED .—(1) The actions de-scribed in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(A) Disrupt control of the unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(B) Seize and exercise control of the un-manned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(C) Seize or otherwise confiscate the un-manned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(D) Use reasonable force to disable or destroy the unmanned aircraft system or unmanned air-craft. ‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense shall develop the actions described in paragraph (1) in coordi-nation with the Secretary of Transportation, consistent with the protection of information re-garding sensitive defense capabilities. ‘‘(c) F
ORFEITURE .—(1) Any unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft described in sub-section (a) shall be subject to seizure and for-feiture to the United States. ‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense may prescribe regulations to establish reasonable exceptions to paragraph (1), including in cases where— ‘‘(A) the operator of the unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft obtained the con-trol and possession of such system or aircraft il-legally; or ‘‘(B) the operator of the unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft is an employee of a common carrier acting in manner described in subsection (a) without the knowledge of the common carrier. ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Transportation shall pre-scribe regulations and issue guidance in the re-spective areas of each Secretary to carry out this section. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered facility or asset’ means any facility or asset that is— ‘‘(A) identified by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this section; ‘‘(B) located in the United States (including the territories and possessions of the United States); and ‘‘(C) relating to— ‘‘(i) the nuclear deterrence mission of the De-partment of Defense, including with respect to nuclear command and control, integrated tac-tical warning and attack assessment, and con-tinuity of government; ‘‘(ii) the missile defense mission of the Depart-ment; or ‘‘(iii) the national security space mission of the Department. ‘‘(2) The terms ‘unmanned aircraft’ and ‘un-manned aircraft system’ have the meaning given those terms in section 331 of the FAA Mod-ernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 130i, as added by section 1255, the following new item: ‘‘130j. Protection of certain facilities and assets from unmanned aircraft.’’. 
SEC. 1672. IMPROVEMENT OF COORDINATION BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OF ELEC-TROMAGNETIC SPECTRUM USAGE. 
Not later than December 31, 2016, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report evaluating whether establishing an intra-departmental council in the Department of Defense on the use electromagnetic spectrum by the Department would improve coordination within the Depart-ment on— (1) the use of such spectrum; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2545 May 17, 2016 
(2) the acquisition cycle with respect to such spectrum; (3) training by the Armed Forces, including with respect to electronic and cyber warfare; and (4) other purposes the Secretary considers use-ful. TITLE XVII—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION AGILITY 
SEC. 1701. MODULAR OPEN SYSTEM APPROACH IN DEVELOPMENT OF MAJOR WEAPON SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part IV of subtitle A of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 144A the following new chapter: ‘‘CHAPTER 144B—WEAPON SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED MATTERS ‘‘Subchapter  Sec. ‘‘I. Modular Open System Approach in Development of Weapon Systems...2446a ‘‘II. Development, Prototyping, and Deployment of Weapon System Components and Technology........2447a ‘‘III. Cost, Schedule, and Performance of Major Defense Acquisition Pro-grams........................................... 2448a ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—MODULAR OPEN SYSTEM APPROACH IN DEVELOPMENT OF WEAP-ON SYSTEMS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2446a. Requirement for modular open system approach in major defense acqui-sition programs; definitions. ‘‘2446b. Requirement to address modular open system approach in program ca-pabilities development and acqui-sition weapon system design. ‘‘2446c. Requirements relating to availability of major system interfaces and sup-port for modular open system ap-proach. ‘‘2446d. Requirement to include modular open system approach in Selected Ac-quisition Reports. ‘‘§ 2446a. Requirement for modular open sys-tem approach in major defense acquisition programs; definitions ‘‘(a) M
ODULAR OPENSYSTEM APPROACH RE-
QUIREMENT .—A major defense acquisition pro-gram initiated after January 1, 2019, shall be de-signed and developed, to the maximum extent practicable, with a modular open system ap-proach to enable incremental development. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this chapter: ‘‘(1) The term ‘modular open system approach’ means, with respect to a major defense acquisi-tion program, an integrated business and tech-nical strategy that— ‘‘(A) employs a modular design that uses major system interfaces between a major system platform and a major system component or be-tween major system components; ‘‘(B) is subjected to verification to ensure major system interfaces comply with, if avail-able and suitable, widely supported and con-sensus-based standards; ‘‘(C) uses a system architecture that allows severable major system components at the ap-propriate level to be incrementally added, re-moved, or replaced throughout the life cycle of a major system platform to afford opportunities for enhanced competition and innovation while yielding— ‘‘(i) significant cost savings or avoidance; ‘‘(ii) schedule reduction; ‘‘(iii) opportunities for technical upgrades; ‘‘(iv) increased interoperability; or ‘‘(v) other benefits during the sustainment phase of a major weapon system; and ‘‘(D) complies with the technical data rights set forth in section 2320 of this title. ‘‘(2) The term ‘major system platform’ means the highest level structure of a major weapon system that is not physically mounted or in-stalled onto a higher level structure and on which a major system component can be phys-ically mounted or installed. ‘‘(3) The term ‘major system component’— ‘‘(A) means a high level subsystem or assem-bly, including hardware, software, or an inte-grated assembly of both, that can be mounted or installed on a major system platform through well-defined major system interfaces; and ‘‘(B) includes a subsystem or assembly that is likely to have additional capability require-ments, is likely to change because of evolving technology or threat, is needed for interoper-ability, facilitates incremental deployment of ca-pabilities, or is expected to be replaced by an-other major system component. ‘‘(4) The term ‘major system interface’ means a shared boundary between a major system plat-form and a major system component or between major system components, defined by various physical, logical, and functional characteristics, such as electrical, mechanical, fluidic, optical, radio frequency, data, networking, or software elements. ‘‘(5) The term ‘program capability document’ means, with respect to a major defense acquisi-tion program, a document that specifies capa-bility requirements for the program, such as a capability development document or a capability production document. ‘‘(6) The terms ‘program cost target’ and ‘fielding target’ have the meanings provided in section 2448a(a) of this title. ‘‘(7) The term ‘major defense acquisition pro-gram’ has the meaning provided in section 2430 of this title. ‘‘(8) The term ‘major weapon system’ has the meaning provided in section 2379(f) of this title. ‘‘§ 2446b. Requirement to address modular open system approach in program capabili-ties development and acquisition weapon system design ‘‘(a) PROGRAM CAPABILITY DOCUMENT .—A program capability document for a major de-fense acquisition program shall identify and characterize— ‘‘(1) the extent to which requirements for sys-tem performance are likely to evolve during the life cycle of the system because of evolving tech-nology, threat, or interoperability needs; and ‘‘(2) for requirements that are expected to evolve, the minimum acceptable capability that is necessary for initial operating capability of the major defense acquisition program. ‘‘(b) A
NALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES .—The Direc-tor of Cost Assessment and Performance Evalua-tion, in formulating study guidance for analyses of alternatives for major defense acquisition pro-grams and performing such analyses under sec-tion 139a(d)(4) of this title, shall ensure that any such analysis for a major defense acquisi-tion program includes consideration of evolu-tionary acquisition, prototyping, and a modular open system approach. ‘‘(c) A
CQUISITION STRATEGY .—In the case of a major defense acquisition program that uses a modular open system approach, the acquisition strategy required under section 2431a of this title shall— ‘‘(1) clearly describe the modular open system approach to be used for the program; ‘‘(2) differentiate between the major system platform and major system components being de-veloped under the program, as well as major system components developed outside the pro-gram that will be integrated into the major de-fense acquisition program; ‘‘(3) clearly describe the evolution of major system components that are anticipated to be added, removed, or replaced in subsequent in-crements; ‘‘(4) identify additional major system compo-nents that may be added later in the life cycle of the major system platform; and ‘‘(5) clearly describe how intellectual property and related issues, such as technical data deliverables, that are necessary to support a modular open system approach, will be ad-dressed. ‘‘(d) R
EQUEST FOR PROPOSALS .—The milestone decision authority for a major defense acquisi-tion program that uses a modular open system approach shall ensure that a request for pro-posals for the development or production phases of the program shall describe the modular open system approach and the minimum set of major system components that must be included in the design of the major defense acquisition program. ‘‘(e) MILESTONE B.—A major defense acquisi-tion program may not receive Milestone B ap-proval under section 2366b of this title until the milestone decision authority determines in writ-ing that— ‘‘(1) in the case of a program that uses a mod-ular open system approach— ‘‘(A) the program incorporates clearly defined major system interfaces between the major sys-tem platform and major system components and between major system components; ‘‘(B) such major system interfaces are con-sistent with the widely supported and con-sensus-based standards that exist at the time of the milestone decision, unless such standards are unavailable or unsuitable for particular major system interfaces; and ‘‘(C) the Government has arranged to obtain appropriate and necessary intellectual property rights with respect to such major system inter-faces upon completion of the development of the major system platform; or ‘‘(2) in the case of a program that does not use a modular open system approach, that the use of a modular open system approach is not prac-ticable. ‘‘§ 2446c. Requirements relating to availability of major system interfaces and support for modular open system approach ‘‘The Secretary of each military department shall— ‘‘(1) coordinate with the other military depart-ments, the defense agencies, defense and other private sector entities, national standards-set-ting organizations, and, when appropriate, with elements of the intelligence community with re-spect to the specification, identification, devel-opment, and maintenance of major system inter-faces and standards for use in major system platforms, where practicable; ‘‘(2) ensure that major system interfaces incor-porate commercial standards and other widely supported consensus-based standards that are validated, published, and maintained by recog-nized standards organizations to the maximum extent practicable; ‘‘(3) ensure that sufficient systems engineering and development expertise and resources are available to support the use of a modular open system approach in requirements development and acquisition program planning; ‘‘(4) ensure that necessary planning, program-ming, and budgeting resources are provided to specify, identify, develop, and sustain the mod-ular open system approach, associated major system interfaces, and any additional program activities necessary to sustain innovation and interoperability; and ‘‘(5) ensure that adequate training in the use of a modular open system approach is provided to members of the requirements and acquisition workforce. ‘‘§ 2446d. Requirement to include modular open system approach in Selected Acquisi-tion Reports ‘‘For each major defense acquisition program that receives Milestone B approval after Janu-ary 1, 2019, a brief summary description of the key elements of the modular open system ap-proach or, if a modular open system approach was not used, the rationale for not using such an approach, shall be submitted to the congres-sional defense committees with the first Selected Acquisition Report required under section 2432 of this title for the program.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of chapters for title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to chapter 144A the following new item: ‘‘144B. Weapon Systems Development and Related Matters.....................2446a’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2546 May 17, 2016 
(c) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2366b(a)(3) of such title is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-graph (K); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (L) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(M) the requirements of section 2446b(e) of this title are met; and’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subchapter I of chapter 144B of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall take effect on October 1, 2016. 
SEC. 1702. DEVELOPMENT, PROTOTYPING, AND DEPLOYMENT OF WEAPON SYSTEM COMPONENTS OR TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 144B of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 1701, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subchapter: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—DEVELOPMENT, PROTO-TYPING, AND DEPLOYMENT OF WEAPON SYSTEM COMPONENTS OR TECHNOLOGY ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2447a. Technology development in the acquisi-tion of major weapon systems. ‘‘2447b. Weapon system component or tech-nology prototype projects: display of budget information. ‘‘2447c. Weapon system component or tech-nology prototype projects: over-sight. ‘‘2447d. Requirements and limitations for weap-on system component or tech-nology prototype projects. ‘‘2447e. Mechanisms to speed deployment of suc-cessful weapon system component or technology prototypes. ‘‘2447f. Definition of weapon system component. ‘‘§ 2447a. Technology development in the ac-quisition of major weapon systems ‘‘Technology shall be developed in a major de-fense acquisition program that is initiated after January 1, 2019, only if the milestone decision authority for the program determines with a high degree of confidence that such development will not delay the fielding target of the program. If the milestone decision authority does not make such determination for a major system component being developed under the program, the milestone decision authority shall ensure that technology related to the major system com-ponent shall be sufficiently matured separate from the major defense acquisition program using the prototyping authorities of this section or other authorities, as appropriate. ‘‘§ 2447b. Weapon system component or tech-nology prototype projects: display of budget information ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR BUDGET DISPLAY .— In the defense budget materials for any fiscal year after fiscal year 2017, the Secretary of De-fense shall, with respect to advanced component development and prototype activities (within the research, development, test, and evaluation budget), set forth the amounts requested for each of the following: ‘‘(1) Acquisition programs of record. ‘‘(2) Development, prototyping, and experi-mentation of weapon system components or other technologies separate from acquisition programs of record. ‘‘(3) Other budget line items as determined by the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—For pur- poses of subsection (a)(2), the amounts requested for development, prototyping, and experimen-tation of weapon system components or other technologies shall be— ‘‘(1) structured into either capability, weapon system component, or technology portfolios that reflect the priority areas for prototype projects; and ‘‘(2) justified with general descriptions of the types of capability areas and technologies being funded or expected to be funded during the fis-cal year concerned. ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘budget’ and ‘defense budget materials’ have the meaning given those terms in section 234 of this title. ‘‘§ 2447c. Weapon system component or tech-nology prototype projects: oversight ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of each military department shall establish an oversight board or identify a similar group of senior advi-sors for managing prototype projects for weapon system components and other technologies and subsystems, including the use of funds for such projects, within the military department con-cerned. ‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—Each oversight board shall be comprised of senior officials with— ‘‘(1) expertise in requirements; research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation; acquisition; or other relevant areas within the military depart-ment concerned; ‘‘(2) awareness of technology development ac-tivities and opportunities in the Department of Defense, industry, and other sources; and ‘‘(3) awareness of the component capability requirements of major weapon systems, includ-ing scheduling and fielding goals for such com-ponent capabilities. ‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS .—The functions of each over-sight board are as follows: ‘‘(1) To issue a strategic plan every three years that prioritizes the capability and weapon system component portfolio areas for conducting prototype projects, based on assessments of high priority warfighter needs, capability gaps on ex-isting major weapon systems, opportunities to incrementally integrate new components into major weapon systems, and technologies that are expected to be sufficiently mature to proto-type within three years. ‘‘(2) To annually recommend funding levels for weapon system component or technology de-velopment and prototype projects across capa-bility or weapon system component portfolios. ‘‘(3) To annually recommend to the service ac-quisition executive of the military department concerned specific weapon system component or technology development and prototype projects, subject to the requirements and limitations in section 2447d of this title. ‘‘(4) To ensure projects are managed by ex-perts within the Department of Defense who are knowledgeable in research, development, test, and evaluation and who are aware of opportu-nities for incremental deployment of component capabilities and other technologies to major weapon systems or directly to support warfighting capabilities. ‘‘(5) To ensure projects are conducted in a manner that allows for appropriate experimen-tation and technology risk. ‘‘(6) To ensure necessary technical, con-tracting, and financial management resources are available to support each project. ‘‘(7) To submit to the congressional defense committees a semiannual notification that in-cludes the following: ‘‘(A) A description of each weapon system component or technology prototype project initi-ated during the preceding six months, including an explanation of each project and its required funding. ‘‘(B) A description of the results achieved from weapon system component prototype and technology projects completed and tested during the preceding six months. ‘‘§ 2447d. Requirements and limitations for weapon system component or technology prototype projects ‘‘(a) L
IMITATION ON PROTOTYPE PROJECT DU-
RATION .—A prototype project shall be completed within three years of its initiation. ‘‘(b) M
ERIT-BASED SELECTION PROCESS .—A prototype project shall be selected by the service acquisition executive of the military department concerned through a merit-based selection proc-ess that identifies the most promising and cost- effective prototypes that address a high priority warfighter need and are expected to be success-fully demonstrated in a relevant environment. ‘‘(c) TYPE OF TRANSACTION .—Prototype projects shall be funded through contracts, co-operative agreements, or other transactions. ‘‘(d) F
UNDING LIMIT.—(1) Each prototype project may not exceed a total amount of $10,000,000 (based on fiscal year 2017 constant dollars), unless— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the military department, or the Secretary’s designee, approves a larger amount of funding for the project, not to exceed $50,000,000; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary, or the Secretary’s des-ignee, submits to the congressional defense com-mittees, within 30 days after approval of such funding for the project, a notification that in-cludes— ‘‘(i) a description of the project; ‘‘(ii) expected funding for the project; and ‘‘(iii) a statement of the anticipated outcome of the project. ‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense may adjust the amounts (and the base fiscal year) provided in paragraph (1) on the basis of Department of De-fense escalation rates. ‘‘§ 2447e. Mechanisms to speed deployment of successful weapon system component or technology prototypes ‘‘(a) S
ELECTION OF RAPID FIELDING PROJECT  
FORPRODUCTION .—A weapon system component or technology rapid fielding project may be se-lected by the service acquisition executive of the military department concerned for a follow-on production contract or other transaction with-out the use of competitive procedures, notwith-standing the requirements of section 2304 of this title, if— ‘‘(1) a rapid fielding project addresses a high priority warfighter need; ‘‘(2) competitive procedures were used for the selection of parties for participation in the rapid fielding project; ‘‘(3) the participants in the project success-fully completed the project provided for in the transaction; and ‘‘(4) a prototype of the system to be procured in the rapid fielding project was demonstrated in a relevant environment. ‘‘(b) S
PECIAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY .—(1) The Secretary of a military department may transfer funds that remain available for obligation in procurement appropriation accounts of the mili-tary department to fund the low-rate initial pro-duction of the rapid fielding project until re-quired funding for full-rate production can be submitted and approved through the regular budget process of the Department of Defense. ‘‘(2) The funds transferred under this sub-section to fund the low-rate initial production of a rapid fielding project shall be for a period not to exceed two years, the amount for such period may not exceed $50,000,000, and the special transfer authority provided in this subsection may not be used more than once to fund pro-curement of a particular new or upgraded sys-tem. ‘‘(3) The special transfer authority provided in this subsection is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense. ‘‘(c) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Within 30 days after the service acquisition executive of a military department selects a weapon system component or technology rapid fielding project for a follow-on production contract or other transaction, the service acquisition executive shall notify the congressional defense commit-tees of the selection and provide a brief descrip-tion of the rapid fielding project. ‘‘§ 2447f. Definition of weapon system compo-nent ‘‘In this subchapter, the term ‘weapon system component’ has the meaning given the term ‘major system component’ in section 2446a of this title.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subchapter II of chap-ter 144B of title 10, United States Code, as added 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2547 May 17, 2016 
by subsection (a), shall take effect on October 1, 2016. 
SEC. 1703. COST, SCHEDULE, AND PERFORMANCE OF MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 144B of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 1701, is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER III—COST, SCHEDULE, AND PERFORMANCE OF MAJOR DEFENSE AC-QUISITION PROGRAMS ‘‘Sec. ‘‘2448a. Program cost, fielding, and performance goals in planning major defense acquisition programs. ‘‘2448b. Independent technical risk assessments. ‘‘2448c. Adherence to requirements and thresh-olds in major defense acquisition programs. ‘‘§ 2448a. Program cost, fielding, and perform-ance goals in planning major defense ac-quisition programs ‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM COST AND FIELDING TARGETS .— (1) Before a major defense acquisition program receives Milestone A approval or is otherwise initiated prior to Milestone B, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure, by establishing the goals described in paragraph (2), that— ‘‘(A) the program will be affordable; ‘‘(B) program planning anticipates evolution of capabilities to meet changing threats, tech-nology insertion, and interoperability; and ‘‘(C) the program will be fielded when needed. ‘‘(2) The goals described in this paragraph are goals for— ‘‘(A) the program acquisition unit cost (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘program cost tar-get’); ‘‘(B) the date for initial operational capability (referred to in this section as the ‘fielding tar-get’); and ‘‘(C) technology maturation, prototyping, and a modular open system approach to evolve sys-tem capabilities and improve interoperability. ‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In establishing goals under subsection (a) for the program, the Sec-retary of Defense shall consider each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) The capability needs and timeframe spec-ified in the initial capabilities document, oppor-tunities for evolution of capabilities, and min-imum acceptable capability increments. ‘‘(2) Resources available to fund the develop-ment, production, and life cycle of the program, using a reasonable estimate of future defense budgets. ‘‘(3) The number of end items expected to be procured under the program. ‘‘(4) Trade-offs among cost, schedule, tech-nical risk, and performance objectives identified in the analysis of alternatives required under section 2366a of this title. ‘‘(5) The independent cost estimate established pursuant to section 2334(a)(6) of this title. ‘‘(6) The independent technical risk assess-ment conducted or approved under section 2448b of this title. ‘‘(c) D
ELEGATION .—The responsibilities of the Secretary of Defense in subsection (a) may be delegated only to the Deputy Secretary of De-fense or the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition, Technology, and Logistics. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘program acquisition unit cost’ has the meaning provided in section 2432(a) of this title. ‘‘(2) The term ‘initial capabilities document’ has the meaning provided in section 2366a(d)(2) of this title. ‘‘§ 2448b. Independent technical risk assess-ments ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—With respect to a major de-fense acquisition program, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Lo-gistics shall— ‘‘(1) before any decision to grant Milestone A approval for the program pursuant to section 2366a of this title, identify critical technologies that need to be matured in the program; and ‘‘(2) before any decision to grant Milestone B approval for the program pursuant to section 2366b of this title, any decision to enter into low-rate initial production or full-rate produc-tion, or at any other time considered appro-priate by the Under Secretary, conduct or ap-prove an independent technical risk assessment for the program, including the identification of any critical technologies that have not been suc-cessfully demonstrated in a relevant environ-ment. ‘‘(b) CATEGORIZATION OF TECHNICAL RISK L
EVELS .—The Under Secretary shall issue guid-ance and a framework for categorizing the de-gree of technical risk in a major defense acquisi-tion program. ‘‘§ 2448c. Adherence to requirements and thresholds in major defense acquisition pro-grams ‘‘(a) C
APABILITIES DETERMINATION .—The Sec- retary of the military department concerned shall ensure that the program capability docu-ment supporting a Milestone B or subsequent milestone for a major defense acquisition pro-gram may not be submitted to the Joint Require-ments Oversight Council for approval until the Chief of the armed force concerned determines in writing that the requirements in the docu-ment are necessary and realistic in relation to the program cost and fielding targets established under section 2448a(a) of this title. ‘‘(b) C
OMPLIANCE WITH TARGETS BEFORE  M
ILESTONE B A PPROVAL .—A major defense ac-quisition program may not receive Milestone B approval until the milestone decision authority for the program determines in writing that the estimated program acquisition unit cost and the estimated date for initial operational capability for the baseline description for the program (es-tablished under section 2435) do not exceed the program cost and fielding targets established under section 2448a(a) of this title. If such esti-mated cost is higher than the program cost tar-get or if such estimated date is later than the fielding target, the milestone decision authority may request that the Secretary of Defense in-crease the program cost target or delay the field-ing target, as applicable.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subchapter III of chap-ter 144B of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with respect to major defense acquisition programs that reach Milestone A after October 1, 2016. (c) M
ODIFICATION OF MILESTONE DECISION  A
UTHORITY .—Effective October 1, 2016, sub-section (d) of section 2430 of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 825(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 907), is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘subject to paragraph (5),’’ before ‘‘the Secretary deter-mines’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) The authority of the Secretary of Defense to designate an alternative milestone decision authority for a program with respect to which the Secretary determines that the program is ad-dressing a joint requirement, as set forth in paragraph (2)(A), shall apply only for a major defense acquisition program that reaches Mile-stone A after October 1, 2016, and before October 1, 2019.’’. 
SEC. 1704. TRANSPARENCY IN MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) R EPORTS ON MILESTONE DECISION  M
ETRICS .—Subchapter III of chapter 144B of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 1703, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘§ 2448d. Reports on milestone decision metrics ‘‘(a) REPORT ON MILESTONE A.—Not later than 15 days after granting Milestone A ap-proval for a major defense acquisition program, the milestone decision authority for the program shall provide to the congressional defense com-mittees and, in the case of intelligence or intel-ligence-related activities, the congressional in-telligence committees a brief summary report that contains the following elements: ‘‘(1) The program cost and fielding targets es-tablished by the Secretary of Defense under sec-tion 2448a(a) of this title. ‘‘(2) The estimated cost and schedule for the program established by the military department concerned, including— ‘‘(A) the dollar values estimated for the pro-gram acquisition unit cost and total life-cycle cost; and ‘‘(B) the planned dates for each program mile-stone and initial operational capability. ‘‘(3) The independent estimated cost for the program established pursuant to section 2334(a)(6) of this title, and any independent es-timated schedule for the program, including— ‘‘(A) the dollar values estimated for the pro-gram acquisition unit cost and total life-cycle cost; and ‘‘(B) the planned dates for each program mile-stone and initial operational capability. ‘‘(4) A summary of the technical risks associ-ated with the program, as determined by the military department concerned, including iden-tification of any critical technologies that need to be matured. ‘‘(5) A summary of the independent technical risk assessment conducted or approved under section 2448b of this title, including identifica-tion of any critical technologies that need to be matured. ‘‘(6) A summary of any sufficiency review con-ducted by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation of the analysis of alter-natives performed for the program (as referred to in section 2366a(b)(6) of this title). ‘‘(7) Any other information the milestone deci-sion authority considers relevant. ‘‘(b) R
EPORT ON MILESTONE B.—Not later than 15 days after granting Milestone B ap-proval for a major defense acquisition program, the milestone decision authority for the program shall provide to the congressional defense com-mittees and, in the case of intelligence or intel-ligence-related activities, the congressional in-telligence committees a brief summary report that contains the following elements: ‘‘(1) The program cost and fielding targets es-tablished by the Secretary of Defense under sec-tion 2448a(a) of this title. ‘‘(2) The estimated cost and schedule for the program established by the military department concerned, including— ‘‘(A) the dollar values estimated for the pro-gram acquisition unit cost, average procurement unit cost, and total life-cycle cost; and ‘‘(B) the planned dates for each program mile-stone, initial operational test and evaluation, and initial operational capability. ‘‘(3) The independent estimated cost for the program established pursuant to section 2334(a)(6) of this title, and any independent es-timated schedule for the program, including— ‘‘(A) the dollar values estimated for the pro-gram acquisition unit cost, average procurement unit cost, and total life-cycle cost; and ‘‘(B) the planned dates for each program mile-stone, initial operational test and evaluation, and initial operational capability. ‘‘(4) A summary of the technical risks associ-ated with the program, as determined by the military department concerned, including iden-tification of any critical technologies that have not been successfully demonstrated in a relevant environment. ‘‘(5) A summary of the independent technical risk assessment conducted or approved under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2548 May 17, 2016 
section 2448b of this title, including identifica-tion of any critical technologies that have not been successfully demonstrated in a relevant en-vironment. ‘‘(6) A statement of whether a modular open system approach is being used for the program. ‘‘(7) Any other information the milestone deci-sion authority considers relevant. ‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON MILESTONE C.—Not later than 15 days after granting Milestone C approval for a major defense acquisition program, the mile-stone decision authority for the program shall provide to the congressional defense committees and, in the case of intelligence or intelligence- related activities, the congressional intelligence committees a brief summary report that contains the following: ‘‘(1) The estimated cost and schedule for the program established by the military department concerned, including— ‘‘(A) the dollar values estimated for the pro-gram acquisition unit cost, average procurement unit cost, and total life-cycle cost; and ‘‘(B) the planned dates for initial operational test and evaluation and initial operational ca-pability. ‘‘(2) The independent estimated cost for the program established pursuant to section 2334(a)(6) of this title, and any independent es-timated schedule for the program, including— ‘‘(A) the dollar values estimated for the pro-gram acquisition unit cost, average procurement unit cost, and total life-cycle cost; and ‘‘(B) the planned dates for initial operational test and evaluation and initial operational ca-pability. ‘‘(3) A summary of any production, manufac-turing, and fielding risks associated with the program. ‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—At the re-quest of any of the congressional defense com-mittees or, in the case of intelligence or intel-ligence-related activities, the congressional in-telligence committees, the milestone decision au-thority shall submit to the committee further in-formation or underlying documentation for the information in a report submitted under sub-section (a), (b), or (c), including the inde-pendent cost and schedule estimates and the independent technical risk assessments referred to in those subsections. ‘‘(e) C
ONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘con-gressional intelligence committees’ has the meaning given that term in section 437(c) of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2448d. Reports on milestone decision metrics.’’. 
SEC. 1705. AMENDMENTS RELATING TO TECH-NICAL DATA RIGHTS. 
(a) R IGHTS RELATING TO ITEM OR PROCESS DE-
VELOPED EXCLUSIVELY AT PRIVATE EXPENSE .— Subsection (a)(2)(C)(iii) of section 2320 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘or process data’’ the following: ‘‘, includ-ing such data pertaining to a major system com-ponent’’. (b) R
IGHTS RELATING TO INTERFACE OR MAJOR S
YSTEM INTERFACE .—Subsection (a)(2) of section 2320 of such title is further amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), and (G) as subparagraphs (F), (I), and (J), re-spectively; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in subparagraphs (C) and (D),’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E),’’; (3) in subparagraph (D)(i), by striking sub-clause (II) and inserting the following: ‘‘(II) is a release, disclosure, or use of tech-nical data pertaining to an interface between an item or process and other items or processes; or’’; (4) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraph (E): ‘‘(E) Notwithstanding subparagraph (B), the United States shall have government purpose rights in technical data pertaining to a major system interface developed exclusively at private expense and used in a modular open system ap-proach pursuant to section 2446a of this title.’’; (5) in subparagraph (F), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘In the case of’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subparagraphs (G) and (H), in the case of’’; (6) by inserting after subparagraph (F), as so redesignated, the following new subparagraphs (G) and (H): ‘‘(G) Notwithstanding subparagraph (F), the United States shall have government purpose rights in technical data pertaining to an inter-face between an item or process and other items or processes that was developed in part with Federal funds and in part at private expense, except in any case in which the Secretary of De-fense determines, on the basis of criteria estab-lished in the regulations, that negotiation of dif-ferent rights in such technical data would be in the best interest of the United States. ‘‘(H) Notwithstanding subparagraph (F), the United States shall have government purpose rights in technical data pertaining to a major system interface developed in part with Federal funds and in part at private expense and used in a modular open system approach pursuant to section 2446a of this title.’’; and (7) in subparagraph (J), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘provided under sub-paragraph (C) or (D),’’ and inserting ‘‘provided under subparagraph (C), (D), (E), or (H),’’. (c) AMENDMENT RELATING TO NEGOTIATED  R
IGHTS FOR ITEM OR PROCESS DEVELOPED WITH M
IXED FUNDING .—Section (a)(2)(F) of section 2320 of such title, as redesignated by subsection (b)(1) of this section, is further amended by striking the period at the end of the first sen-tence in the matter preceding clause (i) and all that follows through ‘‘establishment of any such negotiated rights shall’’ and inserting ‘‘and shall be based on negotiations between the United States and the contractor, except in any case in which the Secretary of Defense deter-mines, on the basis of criteria established in the regulations, that negotiations would not be practicable. The establishment of such rights shall’’. (d) A
MENDMENT RELATING TO DEFERRED OR-
DERING .—Subsection (b)(9) of section 2320 of such title is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘at any time’’ and inserting ‘‘, until the date occurring six years after accept-ance of the last item (other than technical data) under a contract or the date of contract termi-nation, whichever is later,’’; (2) by striking ‘‘or utilized in the performance of a contract’’ and inserting ‘‘in the perform-ance of the contract’’; and (3) by striking clause (ii) of subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) is described in subparagraphs (D)(i)(II), (E), (G), and (H) of subsection (a)(2); and’’. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2320 of such title is further amended— (1) in subsection (f), by inserting ‘‘C
OVERED  G
OVERNMENT SUPPORT CONTRACTOR DEFINED .— ’’ before ‘‘In this section’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) A
DDITIONAL DEFINITIONS .—In this sec-tion, the terms ‘major system component’, ‘major system interface’, and ‘modular open system ap-proach’ have the meanings provided in section 2446a of this title.’’. (f) A
MENDMENTS TO ADDCERTAIN HEADINGS  
FORREADABILITY .—Section 2320(a) of such title is further amended— (1) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (2), by inserting after ‘‘(A)’’ the following: ‘‘D
EVELOP -
MENT EXCLUSIVELY WITH FEDERAL FUNDS .—’’; (2) in subparagraph (B) of such paragraph, by inserting after ‘‘(B)’’ the following: ‘‘D
EVELOP -
MENT EXCLUSIVELY AT PRIVATE EXPENSE .—’’; and (3) in subparagraph (F) of such paragraph, as redesignated by subsection (b) of this section, by inserting after ‘‘(F)’’ the following: ‘‘DEVELOP -
MENT IN PART WITH FEDERAL FUNDS AND IN PART  
AT PRIVATE EXPENSE .—’’. TITLE XVIII—MATTERS RELATING TO SMALL BUSINESS PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Improving Transparency and Clarity for Small Businesses 
SEC. 1801. PLAIN LANGUAGE REWRITE OF RE-QUIREMENTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS PROCUREMENTS. 
Section 15(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) S
MALL BUSINESS PROCUREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this Act, small business concerns shall receive any award or contract if such award or contract is, in the determination of the Administrator and the con-tracting agency, in the interest of— ‘‘(A) maintaining or mobilizing the full pro-ductive capacity of the United States; ‘‘(B) war or national defense programs; or ‘‘(C) assuring that a fair proportion of the total purchase and contracts for goods and serv-ices of the Government in each industry cat-egory (as described under paragraph (2)) are awarded to small business concerns. ‘‘(2) I
NDUSTRY CATEGORY DEFINED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In this subsection, the term ‘industry category’ means a discrete group of similar goods and services, as determined by the Administrator in accordance with the North American Industry Classification System codes used to establish small business size standards, except that the Administrator shall limit an in-dustry category to a greater extent than pro-vided under the North American Industry Clas-sification codes if the Administrator receives evi-dence indicating that further segmentation of the industry category is warranted— ‘‘(i) due to special capital equipment needs; ‘‘(ii) due to special labor requirements; ‘‘(iii) due to special geographic requirements, except as provided in subparagraph (B); ‘‘(iv) due to unique Federal buying patterns or requirements; or ‘‘(v) to recognize a new industry. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR GEOGRAPHIC REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The Administrator may not further seg-ment an industry category based on geographic requirements unless— ‘‘(i) the Government typically designates the geographic area where work for contracts for goods or services is to be performed; ‘‘(ii) Government purchases comprise the major portion of the entire domestic market for such goods or services; and ‘‘(iii) it is unreasonable to expect competition from business concerns located outside of the general geographic area due to the fixed loca-tion of facilities, high mobilization costs, or similar economic factors. ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATIONS WITH RESPECT TO  
AWARDS OR CONTRACTS .—Determinations made pursuant to paragraph (1) may be made for in-dividual awards or contracts, any part of an award or contract or task order, or for classes of awards or contracts or task orders. ‘‘(4) I
NCREASING PRIME CONTRACTING OPPOR -
TUNITIES FOR SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS .— ‘‘(A) D
ESCRIPTION OF COVERED PROPOSED PRO -
CUREMENTS .—The requirements of this para-graph shall apply to a proposed procurement that includes in its statement of work goods or services currently being supplied or performed by a small business concern and, as determined by the Administrator— ‘‘(i) is in a quantity or of an estimated dollar value which makes the participation of a small business concern as a prime contractor unlikely; ‘‘(ii) in the case of a proposed procurement for construction, if such proposed procurement seeks to bundle or consolidate discrete construc-tion projects; or ‘‘(iii) is a solicitation that involves an unnec-essary or unjustified bundling of contract re-quirements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2549 May 17, 2016 
‘‘(B) N OTICE TO PROCUREMENT CENTER REP -
RESENTATIVES .—With respect to proposed pro-curements described in subparagraph (A), at least 30 days before issuing a solicitation and concurrent with other processing steps required before issuing the solicitation, the contracting agency shall provide a copy of the proposed pro-curement to the procurement center representa-tive of the contracting agency (as described in subsection (l)) along with a statement explain-ing— ‘‘(i) why the proposed procurement cannot be divided into reasonably small lots (not less than economic production runs) to permit offers on quantities less than the total requirement; ‘‘(ii) why delivery schedules cannot be estab-lished on a realistic basis that will encourage the participation of small business concerns in a manner consistent with the actual requirements of the Government; ‘‘(iii) why the proposed procurement cannot be offered to increase the likelihood of the par-ticipation of small business concerns; ‘‘(iv) in the case of a proposed procurement for construction, why the proposed procurement cannot be offered as separate discrete projects; or ‘‘(v) why the agency has determined that the bundling of contract requirements is necessary and justified. ‘‘(C) A
LTERNATIVES TO INCREASE PRIME CON -
TRACTING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SMALL BUSINESS  
CONCERNS .—If the procurement center represent-ative believes that the proposed procurement will make the participation of small business concerns as prime contractors unlikely, the pro-curement center representative, within 15 days after receiving the statement described in sub-paragraph (B), shall recommend to the con-tracting agency alternative procurement meth-ods for increasing prime contracting opportuni-ties for small business concerns. ‘‘(D) F
AILURE TO AGREE ON AN ALTERNATIVE  
PROCUREMENT METHOD .—If the procurement center representative and the contracting agen-cy fail to agree on an alternative procurement method, the Administrator shall submit the mat-ter to the head of the appropriate department or agency for a determination. ‘‘(5) C
ONTRACTS FOR SALE OF GOVERNMENT  
PROPERTY .—With respect to a contract for the sale of Government property, small business concerns shall receive any such contract if, in the determination of the Administrator and the disposal agency, the award of such contract is in the interest of assuring that a fair proportion of the total sales of Government property be made to small business concerns. ‘‘(6) S
ALE OF ELECTRICAL POWER OR OTHER  
PROPERTY .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to change any preferences or prior-ities established by law with respect to the sale of electrical power or other property by the Fed-eral Government. ‘‘(7) C
OSTS EXCEEDING FAIR MARKET PRICE .—A contract may not be awarded under this sub-section if the cost of the contract to the award-ing agency exceeds a fair market price.’’. 
SEC. 1802. IMPROVING REPORTING ON SMALL BUSINESS GOALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 15(h)(2)(E) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(h)(2)(E)) is amended— (1) in clause (i)— (A) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subclauses: ‘‘(V) that were purchased by another entity after the initial contract was awarded and as a result of the purchase, would no longer be deemed to be small business concerns for pur-poses of the initial contract; and ‘‘(VI) that were awarded using a procurement method that restricted competition to small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by service- disabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economi-cally disadvantaged individuals, small business concerns owned and controlled by women, or a subset of any such concerns;’’; (2) in clause (ii)— (A) in subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subclauses: ‘‘(VI) that were purchased by another entity after the initial contract was awarded and as a result of the purchase, would no longer be deemed to be small business concerns owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans for pur-poses of the initial contract; and ‘‘(VII) that were awarded using a procure-ment method that restricted competition to qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged in-dividuals, small business concerns owned and controlled by women, or a subset of any such concerns;’’; (3) in clause (iii)— (A) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subclauses: ‘‘(VII) that were purchased by another entity after the initial contract was awarded and as a result of the purchase, would no longer be deemed to be qualified HUBZone small business concerns for purposes of the initial contract; and ‘‘(VIII) that were awarded using a procure-ment method that restricted competition to small business concerns owned and controlled by serv-ice-disabled veterans, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economi-cally disadvantaged individuals, small business concerns owned and controlled by women, or a subset of any such concerns;’’; (4) in clause (iv)— (A) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subclauses: ‘‘(VII) that were purchased by another entity after the initial contract was awarded and as a result of the purchase, would no longer be deemed to be small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals for purposes of the ini-tial contract; and ‘‘(VIII) that were awarded using a procure-ment method that restricted competition to small business concerns owned and controlled by serv-ice-disabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by women, or a subset of any such concerns;’’; (5) in clause (v)— (A) in subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subclause (V), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(VI) that were purchased by another entity after the initial contract was awarded and as a result of the purchase, would no longer be deemed to be small business concerns owned by an Indian tribe other than an Alaska Native Corporation for purposes of the initial con-tract;’’; (6) in clause (vi)— (A) in subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subclause (V), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(VI) that were purchased by another entity after the initial contract was awarded and as a result of the purchase, would no longer be deemed to be small business concerns owned by a Native Hawaiian Organization for purposes of the initial contract;’’; (7) in clause (vii)— (A) in subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(VI) that were purchased by another entity after the initial contract was awarded and as a result of the purchase, would no longer be deemed to be small business concerns owned by an Alaska Native Corporation for purposes of the initial contract; and’’; and (8) in clause (viii)— (A) in subclause (VII), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subclause (VIII), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subclauses: ‘‘(IX) that were purchased by another entity after the initial contract was awarded and as a result of the purchase, would no longer be deemed to be small business concerns owned and controlled by women for purposes of the initial contract; and ‘‘(X) that were awarded using a procurement method that restricted competition to small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by service- disabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economi-cally disadvantaged individuals, or a subset of any such concerns; and’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall be re-quired to report on the information required by sections 15(h)(2)(E)(i)(V), 15(h)(2)(E)(ii)(VI), 15(h)(2)(E)(iii)(VII), 15(h)(2)(E)(iv)(VII), 15(h)(2)(E)(v)(VI), 15(h)(2)(E)(vi)(VI), 15(h)(2)(E)(vii)(VI), and 15(h)(2)(E)(viii)(IX) only beginning on the date that the Federal Procurement Data System, System for Award Management or any new or successor system is able to report such data. 
SEC. 1803. TRANSPARENCY IN SMALL BUSINESS GOALS. 
Section 15(h)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(h)(3)) is amended to read as follows:: ‘‘(3) P
ROCUREMENT DATA .— ‘‘(A) F
EDERAL PROCUREMENT DATA SYSTEM .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—To assist in the implementa-tion of this section, the Administrator shall have access to information collected through the Fed-eral Procurement Data System, Federal Subcon-tracting Reporting System, or any new or suc-cessor system. ‘‘(ii) GSA 
REPORT .—On the date that the Ad-ministrator makes available the report required by paragraph (2), the Administrator of the Gen-eral Services Administration shall submit a re-port to the President and Congress, and to make available on a public Web site, a report in the same form and manner, and including the same information, as the report under paragraph (2). Such report shall include all procurements made for the period covered by the report and may not exclude any contract awarded. ‘‘(B) A
GENCY PROCUREMENT DATA SOURCES .— To assist in the implementation of this section, the head of each contracting agency shall pro-vide, upon request of the Administrator, pro-curement information collected through agency data collection sources in existence at the time of the request. Contracting agencies shall not be required to establish new data collection systems to provide such data.’’. 
SEC. 1804. UNIFORMITY IN PROCUREMENT TERMI-NOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 15(j)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(j)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘greater than $2,500 but not greater than $100,000’’ and inserting ‘‘greater than the micro-purchase threshold, but not greater than the simplified acquisition threshold’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 3(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(m)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(m) D
EFINITIONS PERTAINING TO CON-
TRACTING .—In this Act: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2550 May 17, 2016 
‘‘(1) P RIME CONTRACT .—The term ‘prime con-tract’ has the meaning given such term in sec-tion 8701(4) of title 41, United States Code. ‘‘(2) P
RIME CONTRACTOR .—The term ‘prime contractor’ has the meaning given such term in section 8701(5) of title 41, United States Code. ‘‘(3) S
IMPLIFIED ACQUISITION THRESHOLD .— The term ‘simplified acquisition threshold’ has the meaning given such term in section 134 of title 41, United States Code. ‘‘(4) M
ICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD .—The term ‘micro-purchase threshold’ has the meaning given such term in section 1902(a) of title 41, United States Code. ‘‘(5) T
OTAL PURCHASE AND CONTRACTS FOR  
PROPERTY AND SERVICES .—The term ‘total pur-chases and contracts for property and services’ shall mean total number and total dollar amount of contracts and orders for property and services.’’. Subtitle B—Clarifying the Roles of Small Business Advocates 
SEC. 1811. SCOPE OF REVIEW BY PROCUREMENT CENTER REPRESENTATIVES. 
Section 15(l) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(l)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—The Administrator— ‘‘(A) may not limit the scope of review by the Procurement Center Representative for any so-licitation of a contract or task order without re-gard to whether the contract or task order or part of the contract or task order is set aside for small business concerns, whether 1 or more con-tract or task order awards are reserved for small business concerns under a multiple award con-tract, or whether or not the solicitation would result in a bundled or consolidated contract (as defined in subsection (s)) or a bundled or con-solidated task order; and ‘‘(B) may, unless the contracting agency re-quests a review, limit the scope of review by the Procurement Center Representative for any so-licitation of a contract or task order if such pro-curement is conducted pursuant to section 22 of the Foreign Military Sales Act (22 U.S.C. 2762), is a humanitarian operation as defined in sec-tion 401(e) of title 10, United States Code, or is for a contingency operation, as defined in sec-tion 101(a)(13) of title 10, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 1812. RESPONSIBILITIES OF COMMERCIAL MARKET REPRESENTATIVES. 
Section 4(h) of the Small Business Act (as added by section 865 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(h) C
OMMERCIAL MARKET REPRESENTA -
TIVES .— ‘‘(1) D
UTIES .—The principal duties of a Com-mercial Market Representative employed by the Administrator and reporting to the senior offi-cial appointed by the Administrator with re-sponsibilities under sections 8, 15, 31, and 36 (or the designee of such official) shall be to advance the policies established in section 8(d)(1) relat-ing to subcontracting. Such duties shall in-clude— ‘‘(A) helping prime contractors to find small business concerns that are capable of per-forming subcontracts; ‘‘(B) for contractors awarded contracts con-taining the clause described in section 8(d)(3), providing— ‘‘(i) counseling on the contractor’s responsi-bility to maximize subcontracting opportunities for small business concerns; ‘‘(ii) instruction on methods and tools to iden-tify potential subcontractors that are small busi-ness concerns; and ‘‘(iii) assistance to increase awards to sub-contractors that are small business concerns through visits, training, and reviews of past per-formance; ‘‘(C) providing counseling on how a small business concern may promote its capacity to contractors awarded contracts containing the clause described in section 8(d)(3); and ‘‘(D) conducting periodic reviews of contrac-tors awarded contracts containing the clause described in section 8(d)(3) to assess compliance with subcontracting plans required under sec-tion 8(d)(6). ‘‘(2) CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Consistent with the re-quirements of subparagraph (B), a commercial market representative referred to in section 15(q)(3) shall have a Level I Federal Acquisition Certification in Contracting (or any successor certification) or the equivalent Department of Defense certification, except that a commercial market representative who was serving on or be-fore the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 may continue to serve as a commercial market representative for a period of 5 years beginning on such date without such a certification. ‘‘(B) D
ELAY OF CERTIFICATION REQUIRE -
MENT .— ‘‘(i) T
IMING .—The certification described in subparagraph (A) is not required for any person serving as a commercial market representative until the date that is one calendar year after the date such person is appointed as a commer-cial market representative. ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICATION .—The requirements of clause (i) shall be included in any initial job posting for the position of a commercial market representative and shall apply to any person appointed as a commercial market representa-tive after November 25, 2015.’’. 
SEC. 1813. DUTIES OF THE OFFICE OF SMALL AND DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS UTILIZA-TION. 
Section 15(k) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(k)), as amended by section 870 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘section 8, 15 or 44’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 8, 15, 31, 36, or 44’’; (2) by striking ‘‘sections 8 and 15’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘sections 8, 15, 31, 36, and 44’’; (3) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘section 8(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8, 15, 31, or 36’’; (4) in paragraph (17)(C), by striking the pe-riod at the end, and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (5) by inserting after paragraph (17) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(18) shall review summary data provided by purchase card issuers of purchases made by the agency greater than the micro-purchase thresh-old, and less than the simplified acquisition threshold to ensure that the purchases have been made in compliance with the provisions of this Act and have been properly recorded in the Federal Procurement Data System, if the meth-od of payment is a purchase card issued by the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2784 of title 10, United States Code, or by the head of an executive agency pursuant to section 1909 of title 41, United States Code;’’; and (6) in paragraph (16)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) any failure of the agency to comply with section 8, 15, 31, or 36;’’. 
SEC. 1814. IMPROVING CONTRACTOR COMPLI-ANCE. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS FOR THE OFFICE OF SMALL  
AND DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS UTILIZATION .— Section 15(k) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(k)(8)), as amended by this Act, is fur-ther amended by inserting after paragraph (18) (as inserted by section 1813 of this Act) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(19) shall provide assistance to a small busi-ness concern awarded a contract or subcontract under this Act or under title 10 or title 41, United States Code, in finding resources for education and training on compliance with con-tracting regulations (including the Federal Ac-quisition Regulation) after award of such a con-tract or subcontract; and’’. (b) REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE MENTOR -PRO-
TEGE PROGRAM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE .—Section 831(e)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 104 Stat. 1607; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by inserting at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) the assistance the mentor firm will pro-vide to the protege firm in understanding con-tract regulations of the Federal Government and the Department of Defense (including the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation and the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement) after award of a subcontract under this section, if applicable.’’. (c) R
ESOURCES FOR SMALL BUSINESS CON-
CERNS .—Section 15 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(t) P
OST-AWARD COMPLIANCE RESOURCES .— The Administrator shall provide to small busi-ness development centers and entities partici-pating in the Procurement Technical Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program under chapter 142 of title 10, United States Code, and shall make available on the website of the Adminis-tration, a list of resources for small business concerns seeking education and assistance on compliance with contracting regulations (in-cluding the Federal Acquisition Regulation) after award of a contract or subcontract.’’. (d) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROCUREMENT CENTER  R
EPRESENTATIVES .—Section 15(l)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(l)(2)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (I) as sub-paragraph (J); (2) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (H) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) assist small business concerns with find-ing resources for education and training on compliance with contracting regulations (in-cluding the Federal Acquisition Regulation) after award of a contract or subcontract; and’’. (e) R
EQUIREMENTS UNDER THE MENTOR -PRO-
TEGE PROGRAM OF THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMIN-
ISTRATION .—Section 45(b)(3) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 657r(b)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(K) The extent to which assistance with com-pliance with the requirements of contracting with the Federal Government after award of a contract or subcontract under this section.’’. 
SEC. 1815. RESPONSIBILITIES OF BUSINESS OP-PORTUNITY SPECIALISTS. 
Section 4(g) of the Small Business Act (as added by section 865 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) B
USINESS OPPORTUNITY SPECIALISTS .— ‘‘(1) D
UTIES .—The exclusive duties of a Busi-ness Opportunity Specialist employed by the Ad-ministrator and reporting to the senior official appointed by the Administrator with respon-sibilities under sections 8, 15, 31, and 36 (or the designee of such official) shall be to implement sections 7, 8, and 45 and to complete other duties related to contracting programs under this Act. Such duties shall include— ‘‘(A) with respect to small business concerns eligible to receive contracts and subcontracts pursuant to section 8(a)— ‘‘(i) providing guidance, counseling, and re-ferrals for assistance with technical, manage-ment, financial, or other matters that will im-prove the competitive viability of such concerns; ‘‘(ii) identifying causes of success or failure of such concerns; ‘‘(iii) providing comprehensive assessments of such concerns, including identifying the strengths and weaknesses of such concerns; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2551 May 17, 2016 
‘‘(iv) monitoring and documenting compliance with the requirements of sections 7 and 8 and any regulations implementing those sections; ‘‘(v) explaining the requirements of sections 7, 8, 15, 31, 36 and 45; and ‘‘(vi) advising on compliance with contracting regulations (including the Federal Acquisition Regulation) after award of such a contract or subcontract; ‘‘(B) reviewing and monitoring compliance with mentor-protege agreements under section 45; ‘‘(C) representing the interests of the Adminis-trator and small business concerns in the award, modification, and administration of con-tracts and subcontracts awarded pursuant to section 8(a); and ‘‘(D) reporting fraud or abuse under section 7, 8, 15, 31, 36 or 45 or any regulations imple-menting such sections. ‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Consistent with the re-quirements of subparagraph (B), a Business Op-portunity Specialist described under section 7(j)(10)(D) shall have a Level I Federal Acquisi-tion Certification in Contracting (or any suc-cessor certification) or the equivalent Depart-ment of Defense certification, except that a Business Opportunity Specialist who was serv-ing on or before January 3, 2013, may continue to serve as a Business Opportunity Specialist for a period of 5 years beginning on such date with-out such a certification. ‘‘(B) D
ELAY OF CERTIFICATION REQUIRE -
MENT .— ‘‘(i) T
IMING .—The certification described in subparagraph (A) is not required for any person serving as a Business Opportunity Specialist until the date that is one calendar year after the date such person is appointed as a Business Opportunity Specialist. ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICATION .—The requirements of clause (i) shall be included in any initial job posting for the position of a Business Oppor-tunity Specialist and shall apply to any person appointed as a Business Opportunity Specialist after January 3, 2013’’. Subtitle C—Strengthening Opportunities for Competition in Subcontracting 
SEC. 1821. GOOD FAITH IN SUBCONTRACTING. 
(a) T RANSPARENCY IN SUBCONTRACTING  G
OALS.—Section 8(d)(9) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(9)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(9) The failure’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(9) M
ATERIAL BREACH .—The failure’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (3) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end; (4) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) assurances provided under paragraph (6)(E),’’; and (5) by moving the margins of subparagraphs (A) and (B), and the matter after subparagraph (C) (as inserted by paragraph (4)), 2 ems to the right. (b) R
EVIEW OF SUBCONTRACTING PLANS.—Sec- tion 15(k) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(k)) is amended by inserting after paragraph (19) (as inserted by section 1814 of this Act) the following: ‘‘(20) shall review all subcontracting plans re-quired by section 8(d)(4) or 8(d)(5) to ensure that the plan provides maximum practicable oppor-tunity for small business concerns to participate in the performance of the contract to which the plan applies.’’. (c) G
OODFAITH COMPLIANCE .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this title, the Administrator of the Small Business Admin-istration shall provide examples of activities that would be considered a failure to make a good faith effort to comply with the require-ments imposed on an entity (other than a small business concern as defined under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)) that is awarded a prime contract containing the clauses required under paragraph (4) or (5) of section 8(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)). SEC. 1822. PILOT PROGRAM TO PROVIDE OPPOR-TUNITIES FOR QUALIFIED SUB-CONTRACTORS TO OBTAIN PAST PERFORMANCE RATINGS. 
Section 8(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)), as amended by this Act, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(18) P
ILOT PROGRAM PROVIDING PAST PER -
FORMANCE RATINGS FOR OTHER SMALL BUSINESS  
SUBCONTRACTORS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a pilot program for a small busi-ness concern without a past performance rating as a prime contractor performing as a first tier subcontractor for a covered contract (as defined in paragraph 13(A)) to request a past perform-ance rating in the system used by the Federal Government to monitor or record contractor past performance. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .—A small business concern described in subparagraph (A) shall submit an application to the appropriate official for a past performance rating. Such application shall in-clude written evidence of the past performance factors for which the small business concern seeks a rating and a suggested rating. ‘‘(C) D
ETERMINATION .—The appropriate offi-cial shall submit the application from the small business concern to the Office of Small and Dis-advantaged Business Utilization for the covered contract and to the prime contractor for review. The Office of Small and Disadvantaged Busi-ness Utilization and the prime contractor shall, not later than 30 days after receipt of the appli-cation, submit to the appropriate official a re-sponse regarding the application. ‘‘(i) A
GREEMENT ON RATING .—If the Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization and the prime contractor agree on a past per-formance rating, or if either the Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization or the prime contractor fail to respond and the re-sponding individual agrees with the rating of the applicant small business concern, the appro-priate official shall enter the agreed-upon past performance rating in the system described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) D
ISAGREEMENT ON RATING .—If the Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utiliza-tion and the prime contractor fail to respond within 30 days or if they disagree about the rat-ing, or if either the Office of Small and Dis-advantaged Business Utilization or the prime contractor fail to respond and the responding individual disagrees with the rating of the ap-plicant small business concern, the Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization or the prime contractor shall submit a notice contesting the application to the appropriate of-ficial. The appropriate official shall follow the requirements of subparagraph (D). ‘‘(D) P
ROCEDURE FOR RATING .—Not later than 14 calendar days after receipt of a notice under subparagraph (C)(ii), the appropriate official shall submit such notice to the applicant small business concern. Such concern may submit comments, rebuttals, or additional information relating to the past performance of such concern not later 14 calendar days after receipt of such notice. The appropriate official shall enter into the system described in subparagraph (A) a rat-ing that is neither favorable nor unfavorable along with the initial application from the small business concern, the responses of the Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization and the prime contractor, and any additional information provided by the small business con-cern. A copy of the information submitted shall be provided to the contracting officer (or des-ignee of such officer) for the covered contract. ‘‘(E) U
SE OF INFORMATION .—A small business subcontractor may use a past performance rat-ing given under this paragraph to establish its past performance for a prime contract. ‘‘(F) DURATION .—The pilot program estab-lished under this paragraph shall terminate 3 years after the date on which the first small business concern receives a past performance rating for performance as a first tier subcon-tractor. ‘‘(G) R
EPORT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall begin an assessment of the pilot program 1 year after the establishment of such program. Not later than 6 months after beginning such assessment, the Comptroller General shall submit a report to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives, which shall in-clude— ‘‘(i) the number of small business concerns that have received past performance ratings under the pilot program; ‘‘(ii) the number of applications in which the contracting officer (or designee) or the prime contractor contested the application of the small business concern; ‘‘(iii) any suggestions or recommendations the Comptroller General or the small business con-cerns participating in the program have to ad-dress disputes between the small business con-cern, the contracting officer (or designee), and the prime contractor on past performance rat-ings; ‘‘(iv) the number of small business concerns awarded prime contracts after receiving a past performance rating under this pilot; and ‘‘(v) any suggestions or recommendation the Comptroller General has to improve the oper-ation of the pilot program. ‘‘(H) A
PPROPRIATE OFFICIAL DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘appropriate official’ means a Commercial Market Representative or other individual designated by the senior official ap-pointed by the Administrator with responsibil-ities under sections 8, 15, 31, and 36.’’. Subtitle D—Mentor-Protege Programs 
SEC. 1831. AMENDMENTS TO THE MENTOR-PRO-TEGE PROGRAM OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 831 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 104 Stat. 1607; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) prior to the approval of that agreement, the Administrator of the Small Business Admin-istration had made no finding of affiliation be-tween the mentor firm and the protege firm;’’; (B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2)(A) the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration does not have a current finding of affiliation between the mentor firm and protege firm; or ‘‘(B) the Secretary, after considering the regu-lations promulgated by the Administrator of the Small Business Administration regarding affili-ation— ‘‘(i) does not have reason to believe that the mentor firm affiliated with the protege firm; or ‘‘(ii) has received a formal determination of no affiliation between the mentor firm and protege firm from the Administrator after having sub-mitted a question of affiliation to the Adminis-trator; and’’; (2) in subsection (n), by amending paragraph (9) to read as follows: ‘‘(9) The term ‘affiliation’, with respect to a relationship between a mentor firm and a pro-tege firm, means a relationship described under section 121.103 of title 13, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or any successor regulation).’’; and (3) in subsection (f)(6)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2552 May 17, 2016 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) women’s business centers described in section 29 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656).’’. 
SEC. 1832. IMPROVING COOPERATION BETWEEN THE MENTOR-PROTEGE PROGRAMS OF THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMINIS-TRATION AND THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 45(b)(4) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657r(b)(4)) is amended by striking sub-paragraph (A) and redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), re-spectively. Subtitle E—Women’s Business Programs 
SEC. 1841. OFFICE OF WOMEN’S BUSINESS OWN-ERSHIP. 
Section 29(g) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-graphs (B) and (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of the Assistant Administrator shall be to ad-minister the programs and services of the Office of Women’s Business Ownership. ‘‘(C) D
UTIES .—The Assistant Administrator shall perform the following functions with re-spect to the Office of Women’s Business Owner-ship: ‘‘(i) Recommend the annual administrative and program budgets of the Office and eligible entities receiving a grant under the Women’s Business Center Program. ‘‘(ii) Review the annual budgets submitted by each eligible entity receiving a grant under the Women’s Business Center Program. ‘‘(iii) Select applicants to receive grants to op-erate a women’s business center after reviewing information required by this section, including the budget of each applicant. ‘‘(iv) Collaborate with other Federal depart-ments and agencies, State and local govern-ments, not-for-profit organizations, and for- profit enterprises to maximize utilization of tax-payer dollars and reduce (or eliminate) any du-plication among the programs overseen by the Office of Women’s Business Ownership and those of other entities that provide similar serv-ices to women entrepreneurs. ‘‘(v) Maintain a clearinghouse to provide for the dissemination and exchange of information between women’s business centers. ‘‘(vi) Serve as the vice chairperson of the Interagency Committee on Women’s Business Enterprise and as the liaison for the National Women’s Business Council.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) M
ISSION .—The mission of the Office of Women’s Business Ownership shall be to assist women entrepreneurs to start, grow, and com-pete in global markets by providing quality sup-port with access to capital, access to markets, job creation, growth, and counseling by— ‘‘(A) fostering participation of women entre-preneurs in the economy by overseeing a net-work of women’s business centers throughout States and territories; ‘‘(B) creating public-private partnerships to support women entrepreneurs and conduct out-reach and education to startup and existing small business concerns owned and controlled by women; and ‘‘(C) working with other programs overseen by the Administrator to ensure women are well-rep-resented and being served and to identify gaps where participation by women could be in-creased. ‘‘(4) A
CCREDITATION PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Administrator shall establish stand-ards for an accreditation program for accred-iting eligible entities receiving a grant under this section. ‘‘(B) T
RANSITION PROVISION .—Before the date on which standards are established under sub-paragraph (A), the Administrator may not ter-minate a grant under this section absent evi-dence of fraud or other criminal misconduct by the recipient. ‘‘(C) CONTRACTING AUTHORITY .—The Adminis-trator may provide financial assistance, by con-tract or otherwise, to a relevant national wom-en’s business center representative association to provide assistance in establishing the stand-ards required under subparagraph (A) or for carrying out an accreditation program pursuant to such standards.’’. 
SEC. 1842. WOMEN’S BUSINESS CENTER PRO-GRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 29(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656(a)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (4); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(A) an organization described in section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code; ‘‘(B) a State, regional, or local economic de-velopment organization, so long as the organiza-tion certifies that grant funds received under this section will not be commingled with other funds; ‘‘(C) an institution of higher education, un-less such institution is currently receiving a grant under section 21; ‘‘(D) a development, credit, or finance cor-poration chartered by a State, so long as the corporation certifies that grant funds received under this section will not be commingled with other funds; or ‘‘(E) any combination of entities listed in sub-paragraphs (A) through (D);’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) the term ‘women’s business center’ means the location at which counseling and training on the management, operations (including man-ufacturing, services, and retail), access to cap-ital, international trade, Government procure-ment opportunities, and any other matter is needed to start, maintain, or expand a small business concern owned and controlled by women.’’. (b) A
UTHORITY .—Section 29(b) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respec-tively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (2) by striking ‘‘The Administration’’ and all that follows through ‘‘5-year projects’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established a Women’s Business Center Program under which the Administrator may provide a grant to any eligible entity to operate one or more women’s business centers’’; (3) by striking ‘‘The projects shall’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The women’s business centers shall be designed to provide counseling and training that meets the needs of women, es-pecially socially or economically disadvantaged women, and shall’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A
MOUNT OF GRANTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of a grant provided under this subsection to an eligible en-tity per project year shall be not more than $185,000 (as such amount is annually adjusted by the Administrator to reflect the change in in-flation). ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL GRANTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subpara-graph (A), with respect to an eligible entity that has received $185,000 in grants under this sub-section in a project year, the Administrator may award an additional grant under this subsection of up to $65,000 during such project year if the Administrator determines that the eligible enti-ty— ‘‘(I) agrees to obtain, after its application has been approved and notice of award has been issued, cash contributions from non-Federal sources of 1 non-Federal dollar for each Federal dollar; ‘‘(II) is in good standing with the Women’s Business Center Program; and ‘‘(III) has met performance goals for the pre-vious project year, if applicable. ‘‘(ii) LIMITATIONS .—The Administrator may only award additional grants under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) during the 3rd and 4th quarters of the fis-cal year; and ‘‘(II) from unobligated amounts made avail-able to the Administrator to carry out this sec-tion. ‘‘(4) N
OTICE AND COMMENT REQUIRED .—The Administrator may only make a change to the standards by which an eligible entity obtains or maintains grants under this section, the stand-ards for accreditation, or any other requirement for the operation of a women’s business center if the Administrator first provides notice and the opportunity for public comment, as set forth in section 553(b) of title 5, United States Code, without regard to any exceptions provided for under such section.’’. (c) C
ONDITIONS OF PARTICIPATION .—Section 29(c) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘the recipient organization’’ and inserting ‘‘an eligible entity’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘financial assistance’’ and in-serting ‘‘a grant’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘financial assistance author-ized pursuant to this section may be made by grant, contract, or cooperative agreement and’’ and inserting ‘‘grants authorized pursuant to this section’’; and (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘a re-cipient organization’’ and inserting ‘‘an eligible entity’’; (3) in paragraph (4)— (A) by striking ‘‘recipient of assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (B) by striking ‘‘during any project, it shall not be eligible thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘during any project for 2 consecutive years, the eligible entity shall not be eligible at any time after that 2-year period’’; (C) by striking ‘‘such organization’’ and in-serting ‘‘the eligible entity’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘the recipient’’ and inserting ‘‘the eligible entity’’; and (4) by adding at end the following: ‘‘(5) S
EPARATION OF PROJECT AND FUNDS .—An eligible entity shall— ‘‘(A) carry out a project under this section separately from other projects, if any, of the eli-gible entity; and ‘‘(B) separately maintain and account for any grants under this section. ‘‘(6) E
XAMINATION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIRED SITE VISIT .—Each applicant, prior to receiving a grant under this section, shall have a site visit by an employee of the Ad-ministration, in order to ensure that the appli-cant has sufficient resources to provide the serv-ices for which the grant is being provided. ‘‘(B) A
NNUAL REVIEW .—An employee of the Administration shall— ‘‘(i) conduct an annual review of the compli-ance of each eligible entity receiving a grant under this section with the grant agreement, in-cluding a financial examination; and ‘‘(ii) provide such review to the eligible entity as required under subsection (l). ‘‘(7) R
EMEDIATION OF PROBLEMS .— ‘‘(A) P
LAN OF ACTION .—If a review of an eligi-ble entity under paragraph (6)(B) identifies any problems, the eligible entity shall, within 45 cal-endar days of receiving such review, provide the Assistant Administrator with a plan of action, including specific milestones, for correcting such problems. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2553 May 17, 2016 
‘‘(B) P LAN OF ACTION REVIEW BY THE ASSIST -
ANT ADMINISTRATOR .—The Assistant Adminis-trator shall review each plan of action sub-mitted under subparagraph (A) within 30 cal-endar days of receiving such plan and— ‘‘(i) if the Assistant Administrator determines that such plan will bring the eligible entity into compliance with all the terms of the grant agreement, approve such plan; ‘‘(ii) if the Assistant Administrator determines that such plan is inadequate to remedy the problems identified in the annual review to which the plan of action relates, the Assistant Administrator shall set forth such reasons in writing and provide such determination to the eligible entity within 15 calendar days of such determination. ‘‘(C) A
MENDMENT TO PLAN OF ACTION .—An eli- gible entity receiving a determination under subparagraph (B)(ii) shall have 30 calendar days from the receipt of the determination to amend the plan of action to satisfy the problems identified by the Assistant Administrator and resubmit such plan to the Assistant Adminis-trator. ‘‘(D) A
MENDED PLAN REVIEW BY THE ASSISTANT  
ADMINISTRATOR .—Within 15 calendar days of the receipt of an amended plan of action under subparagraph (C), the Assistant Administrator shall either approve or reject such plan and pro-vide such approval or rejection in writing to the eligible entity. ‘‘(E) A
PPEAL OF ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR DE -
TERMINATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Assistant Adminis-trator rejects an amended plan under subpara-graph (D), the eligible entity shall have the op-portunity to appeal such decision to the Admin-istrator, who may delegate such appeal to an appropriate officer of the Administration. ‘‘(ii) O
PPORTUNITY FOR EXPLANATION .—Any appeal described under clause (i) shall provide an opportunity for the eligible entity to provide, in writing, an explanation of why the eligible entity’s plan remedies the problems identified in the annual review. ‘‘(iii) N
OTICE OF DETERMINATION .—The deter-mination of the appeal shall be provided to the eligible entity, in writing, within 15 calendar days from the eligible entity’s filing of the ap-peal. ‘‘(iv) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO ACT .—If the Ad- ministrator fails to act on an appeal made under this subparagraph within the 15 calendar day period specified under clause (iii), the eligible entity’s amended plan of action submitted under subparagraph (C) shall be deemed to be ap-proved. ‘‘(8) T
ERMINATION OF GRANT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall require that, if an eligible entity fails to comply with a plan of action approved by the Assistant Administrator under paragraph (7)(B)(i) or an amended plan of action approved by the Assist-ant Administrator under paragraph (7)(D) or approved on appeal under paragraph (7)(E), the Assistant Administrator shall terminate the grant provided to the eligible entity under this section. ‘‘(B) A
PPEAL OF TERMINATION .—An eligible entity that has a grant terminated under sub-paragraph (A) shall have the opportunity to challenge the termination on the record and after an opportunity for a hearing. ‘‘(C) F
INAL AGENCY ACTION .—The determina-tion made pursuant to subparagraph (B) shall be considered final agency action for the pur-poses of chapter 7, title 5, United States Code.’’. (d) S
UBMISSION OF 5-YEAR PLAN.—Section 29(e) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘applicant organization’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible entity’’; (2) by striking ‘‘a recipient organization’’ and inserting ‘‘an eligible entity’’; (3) by striking ‘‘financial assistance’’ and in-serting ‘‘grants’’; and (4) by striking ‘‘site’’. (e) APPLICATIONS AND CRITERIA FOR INITIAL  G
RANT.—Subsection (f) of section 29 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) A
PPLICATIONS AND CRITERIA FOR INITIAL  G
RANT.— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION .—Each eligible entity desir-ing a grant under subsection (b) shall submit to the Administrator an application that con-tains— ‘‘(A) a certification that the eligible entity— ‘‘(i) has designated an executive director or program manager, who may be compensated using grant funds under subsection (b) or other sources, to manage the women’s business center for which a grant under subsection (b) is sought; ‘‘(ii) meets the accounting and reporting re-quirements established by the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget; ‘‘(B) information demonstrating that the eligi-ble entity has the ability and resources to meet the needs of the market to be served by the wom-en’s business center, including the ability to ob-tain the non-Federal contribution required under subsection (c); ‘‘(C) information relating to the assistance to be provided by the women’s business center in the area in which the women’s business center is located; ‘‘(D) information demonstrating the experi-ence and effectiveness of the eligible entity in— ‘‘(i) conducting the services described under subsection (a)(5); ‘‘(ii) providing training and services to a rep-resentative number of women who are socially or economically disadvantaged; and ‘‘(iii) working with resource partners of the Administration and other entities, such as uni-versities; and ‘‘(E) a 5-year plan that describes the ability of the eligible entity to provide the services de-scribed under subsection (a)(3), including to a representative number of women who are so-cially or economically disadvantaged. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL OF APPLICATIONS  
FOR INITIAL GRANTS .— ‘‘(A) R
EVIEW AND SELECTION OF ELIGIBLE EN -
TITIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall re-view applications to determine whether the ap-plicant can meet obligations to perform the ac-tivities required by a grant under this section, including— ‘‘(I) the experience of the applicant in con-ducting activities required by this section; ‘‘(II) the amount of time needed for the appli-cant to commence operations should it be awarded a grant; ‘‘(III) the capacity of the applicant to meet the accreditation standards established by the Administrator in a timely manner; ‘‘(IV) the ability of the applicant to sustain operations for more than 5 years (including its ability to obtain sufficient non-Federal funds for that period); and ‘‘(V) the location of the women’s business cen-ter and its proximity to other grant recipients under this section. ‘‘(ii) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .— ‘‘(I) G
UIDANCE .—The Administrator shall issue guidance (after providing an opportunity for notice and comment) to specify the criteria for review and selection of applicants under this subsection. ‘‘(II) M
ODIFICATIONS PROHIBITED AFTER AN -
NOUNCEMENT .—With respect to a public an-nouncement of any opportunity to be awarded a grant under this section made by the Adminis-trator pursuant to subsection (l)(1), the Admin-istrator may not modify guidance issued pursu-ant to subclause (I) with respect to such oppor-tunity unless required to do so by an Act of Congress or an order of a Federal court. ‘‘(III) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this clause may be construed as prohibiting the Administrator from modifying the guidance issued pursuant to subclause (I) (after providing an opportunity for notice and comment) as such guidance applies to an opportunity to be award-ed a grant under this section that the Adminis-trator has not yet publicly announced pursuant to subsection (l)(1). ‘‘(B) RECORD RETENTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall maintain a copy of each application submitted under this subsection for not less than 5 years. ‘‘(ii) P
APERWORK REDUCTION .—The Adminis-trator shall take steps to reduce, to the max-imum extent practicable, the paperwork burden associated with carrying out clause (i).’’. (f) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE  W
OMEN ’SBUSINESS CENTER PROGRAM .—Section 29 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656) is amended by inserting after subsection (k) the following: ‘‘(l) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE  W
OMEN ’SBUSINESS CENTER PROGRAM .—The Ad- ministrator shall provide— ‘‘(1) a public announcement of any oppor-tunity to be awarded grants under this section, and such announcement shall include the standards by which such award will be made, including the guidance issued pursuant to sub-section (f)(2)(A)(ii); ‘‘(2) the opportunity for any applicant for a grant under this section that failed to obtain such a grant a debriefing with the Assistant Ad-ministrator to review the reasons for the appli-cant’s failure; and ‘‘(3) with respect to any site visit or evalua-tion of an eligible entity receiving a grant under this section that is carried out by an officer or employee of the Administration (other than the Inspector General), a copy of the site visit report or evaluation, as applicable, within 30 calendar days of the completion of such vision or evalua-tion.’’. (g) C
ONTINUED FUNDING FOR CENTERS .—Sec- tion 29(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656(m)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION AND APPROVAL FOR CON -
TINUATION GRANTS .— ‘‘(A) S
OLICITATION OF APPLICATIONS .—The Administrator shall solicit applications and award continuation grants under this sub-section for the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this paragraph, and every third fiscal year thereafter. ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS OF APPLICATION .—Each eligi-ble entity desiring a grant under this subsection shall submit to the Administrator an application that contains— ‘‘(i) a certification that the applicant— ‘‘(I) is an eligible entity; ‘‘(II) has designated an executive director or program manager to manage the women’s busi-ness center operated by the applicant; and ‘‘(III) as a condition of receiving a grant under this subsection, agrees— ‘‘(aa) to receive a site visit as part of the final selection process, at the discretion of the Admin-istrator; and ‘‘(bb) to remedy any problem identified pursu-ant to the site visit under item (aa); ‘‘(ii) information demonstrating that the ap-plicant has the ability and resources to meet the needs of the market to be served by the women’s business center for which a grant under this subsection is sought, including the ability to ob-tain the non-Federal contribution required under paragraph (4)(C); ‘‘(iii) information relating to assistance to be provided by the women’s business center in the geographic area served by the women’s business center for which a grant under this subsection is sought; ‘‘(iv) information demonstrating that the ap-plicant has worked with resource partners of the Administration and other entities; ‘‘(v) a 3-year plan that describes the services provided by the women’s business center for which a grant under this subsection is sought— ‘‘(I) to serve women who are business owners or potential business owners by conducting training and counseling activities; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2554 May 17, 2016 
‘‘(II) to provide training and services to a rep-resentative number of women who are socially or economically disadvantaged; and ‘‘(vi) any additional information that the Ad-ministrator may reasonably require. ‘‘(C) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL OF APPLICATIONS  
FOR GRANTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator— ‘‘(I) shall review each application submitted under subparagraph (B), based on the informa-tion described in such subparagraph and the criteria set forth under clause (ii) of this sub-paragraph; and ‘‘(II) as part of the final selection process, may, at the discretion of the Administrator, con-duct a site visit to each women’s business center for which a grant under this subsection is sought, in particular to evaluate the women’s business center using the selection criteria de-scribed in clause (ii)(II). ‘‘(ii) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall evaluate applicants for grants under this sub-section in accordance with selection criteria that are— ‘‘(aa) established before the date on which ap-plicants are required to submit the applications; ‘‘(bb) stated in terms of relative importance; and ‘‘(cc) publicly available and stated in each so-licitation for applications for grants under this subsection made by the Administrator. ‘‘(II) R
EQUIRED CRITERIA .—The selection cri-teria for a grant under this subsection shall in-clude— ‘‘(aa) the total number of entrepreneurs served by the applicant; ‘‘(bb) the total number of new startup compa-nies assisted by the applicant; ‘‘(cc) the percentage of clients of the applicant that are socially or economically disadvantaged; ‘‘(dd) the percentage of individuals in the community served by the applicant who are so-cially or economically disadvantaged; ‘‘(ee) the successful accreditation of the appli-cant under the accreditation program developed under subsection (g)(5); and ‘‘(ff) any additional criteria that the Adminis-trator may reasonably require. ‘‘(iii) C
ONDITIONS FOR CONTINUED FUNDING .— In determining whether to make a grant under this subsection, the Administrator— ‘‘(I) shall consider the results of the most re-cent evaluation of the women’s business center for which a grant under this subsection is sought, and, to a lesser extent, previous evalua-tions; and ‘‘(II) may withhold a grant under this sub-section, if the Administrator determines that the applicant has failed to provide the information required to be provided under this paragraph, or the information provided by the applicant is in-adequate. ‘‘(D) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 cal-endar days after the date of each deadline to submit applications under this paragraph, the Administrator shall approve or deny each sub-mitted application and notify the applicant for each such application of the approval or denial. ‘‘(E) R
ECORD RETENTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall maintain a copy of each application submitted under this paragraph for not less than 5 years. ‘‘(ii) P
APERWORK REDUCTION .—The Adminis-trator shall take steps to reduce, to the max-imum extent practicable, the paperwork burden associated with carrying out clause (i).’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) A
WARD TO PREVIOUS RECIPIENTS .—There shall be no limitation on the number of times the Administrator may award a grant to an appli-cant under this subsection.’’. (h) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 29 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656) is amended— (1) in subsection (h)(2), by striking ‘‘to award a contract (as a sustainability grant) under sub-section (l) or’’; (2) in subsection (j)(1), by striking ‘‘The Ad-ministration’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than No-vember 1 of each year, the Administrator’’; (3) in subsection (k)— (A) by striking paragraphs (1) and (4); (B) by inserting before paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Administration to carry out this section, to remain available until expended, $21,750,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020.’’; and (C) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-graph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—Of the amount made available under this subsection for a fiscal year, the following amounts shall be available for se-lection panel costs, costs associated with main-taining an accreditation program, and post- award conference costs: ‘‘(i) For the first fiscal year beginning after the date of the enactment of this subparagraph, 2.65 percent. ‘‘(ii) For the second fiscal year beginning after the date of the enactment of this subpara-graph and each fiscal year thereafter through fiscal year 2020, 2.5 percent.’’; and (4) in subsection (m)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘subsection (b) or (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘this subsection or sub-section (b)’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)(D), by striking ‘‘or sub-section (l)’’. (i) E
FFECT ON EXISTING GRANTS .— (1) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—A nonprofit or-ganization receiving a grant under section 29(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656(m)), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this title, shall continue to receive the grant under the terms and conditions in effect for the grant on the day before the date of enactment of this title, except that the nonprofit organization may not apply for a continuation of the grant under section 29(m)(5) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656(m)(5)), as in effect on the day be-fore the date of enactment of this title. (2) L
ENGTH OF CONTINUATION GRANT .—The Administrator of the Small Business Administra-tion may award a grant under section 29(m) of the Small Business Act to a nonprofit organiza-tion receiving a grant under section 29(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656(m)), as in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of this title, for the period— (A) beginning on the day after the last day of the grant agreement under such section 29(m); and (B) ending at the end of the third fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this title. 
SEC. 1843. MATCHING REQUIREMENTS UNDER WOMEN’S BUSINESS CENTER PRO-GRAM. 
Section 29(c) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 656(c)), as amended by this Act, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘As a condi-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to paragraph (6), as a condition’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) W
AIVER OF NON -FEDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Upon request by an eligible entity, and in accordance with this paragraph, the Administrator may waive, in whole or in part, the requirement to obtain non-Federal funds under this subsection for counseling and training activities of the eligible entity carried out using a grant under this section for a fiscal year. The Administrator may not waive the re-quirement for an eligible entity to obtain non- Federal funds under this paragraph for more than a total of 2 consecutive fiscal years. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining whether to waive the requirement to obtain non- Federal funds under this paragraph, the Admin-istrator shall consider— ‘‘(i) the economic conditions affecting the eli-gible entity; ‘‘(ii) the impact a waiver under this para-graph would have on the credibility of the Wom-en’s Business Center Program under this sec-tion; ‘‘(iii) the demonstrated ability of the eligible entity to raise non-Federal funds; and ‘‘(iv) the performance of the eligible entity. ‘‘(C) LIMITATION .—The Administrator may not waive the requirement to obtain non-Federal funds under this paragraph if granting the waiver would undermine the credibility of the Women’s Business Center Program. ‘‘(10) S
OLICITATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, eligible entity may— ‘‘(A) solicit cash and in-kind contributions from private individuals and entities to be used to carry out the activities of the eligible entity under the project conducted under this section; and ‘‘(B) use amounts made available by the Ad-ministrator under this section for the cost of such solicitation and management of the con-tributions received. ‘‘(11) E
XCESS NON -FEDERAL DOLLARS .—The amount of non-Federal dollars obtained by an eligible entity that is above the amount that is required to be obtained by the eligible entity under this subsection shall not be subject to the requirements of part 200 of title 2, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, or any successor thereto, if such amount of non-Federal dollars— ‘‘(A) is not used as matching funds for pur-poses of implementing the Women’s Business Center Program; and ‘‘(B) was not obtained using funds from the Women’s Business Center Program.’’. Subtitle F—SCORE Program 
SEC. 1851. SCORE REAUTHORIZATION. 
Section 20 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-section (f); and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) SCORE P
ROGRAM .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator to carry out the SCORE program authorized by section 8(b)(1) such sums as are necessary for the Ad-ministrator to make grants or enter into cooper-ative agreements in a total amount that does not exceed $10,500,000 in each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018.’’. 
SEC. 1852. SCORE PROGRAM. 
Section 8 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘a Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE)’’ and inserting ‘‘the SCORE program described in subsection (c)’’; and (2) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) SCORE P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) SCORE 
ASSOCIATION .—The term ‘SCORE Association’ means the Service Corps of Retired Executives Association or any successor or other organization who receives a grant from the Ad-ministrator to operate the SCORE program under paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(B) SCORE 
PROGRAM .—The term ‘SCORE program’ means the SCORE program authorized by subsection (b)(1)(B). ‘‘(2) M
ANAGEMENT AND VOLUNTEERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall provide a grant to the SCORE Association to manage the SCORE program. ‘‘(B) V
OLUNTEERS .—A volunteer participating in the SCORE program shall— ‘‘(i) based on the business experience and knowledge of the volunteer— ‘‘(I) provide at no cost to individuals who own, or aspire to own, small business concerns personal counseling, mentoring, and coaching relating to the process of starting, expanding, managing, buying, and selling a business; and ‘‘(II) facilitate low-cost education workshops for individuals who own, or aspire to own, small business concerns; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2555 May 17, 2016 
‘‘(ii) as appropriate, use tools, resources, and expertise of other organizations to carry out the SCORE program. ‘‘(3) P
LANS AND GOALS .—The Administrator, in consultation with the SCORE Association, shall ensure that the SCORE program and each chap-ter of the SCORE program develop and imple-ment plans and goals to more effectively and ef-ficiently provide services to individuals in rural areas, economically disadvantaged communities, and other traditionally underserved commu-nities, including plans for electronic initiatives, web-based initiatives, chapter expansion, part-nerships, and the development of new skills by volunteers participating in the SCORE program. ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The SCORE Associa-tion shall submit to the Administrator an an-nual report that contains— ‘‘(A) the number of individuals counseled or trained under the SCORE program; ‘‘(B) the number of hours of counseling pro-vided under the SCORE program; and ‘‘(C) to the extent possible— ‘‘(i) the number of small business concerns formed with assistance from the SCORE pro-gram; ‘‘(ii) the number of small business concerns ex-panded with assistance from the SCORE pro-gram; and ‘‘(iii) the number of jobs created with assist-ance from the SCORE program. ‘‘(5) P
RIVACY REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Neither the Administrator nor the SCORE Association may disclose the name, address, or telephone number of any indi-vidual or small business concern receiving as-sistance from the SCORE Association without the consent of such individual or small business concern, unless— ‘‘(i) the Administrator is ordered to make such a disclosure by a court in any civil or criminal enforcement action initiated by a Federal or State agency; or ‘‘(ii) the Administrator determines such a dis-closure to be necessary for the purpose of con-ducting a financial audit of the SCORE pro-gram, in which case disclosure shall be limited to the information necessary for the audit. ‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATOR USE OF INFORMATION .— This paragraph shall not— ‘‘(i) restrict the access of the Administrator to program activity data; or ‘‘(ii) prevent the Administrator from using cli-ent information to conduct client surveys. ‘‘(C) S
TANDARDS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall, after the opportunity for notice and comment, establish standards for— ‘‘(I) disclosures with respect to financial au-dits under subparagraph (A)(ii); and ‘‘(II) conducting client surveys, including standards for oversight of the surveys and for dissemination and use of client information. ‘‘(ii) M
AXIMUM PRIVACY PROTECTION .—The standards issued under this subparagraph shall, to the extent practicable, provide for the max-imum amount of privacy protection.’’. Subtitle G—Miscellaneous Provisions 
SEC. 1861. IMPROVING EDUCATION ON SMALL BUSINESS REGULATIONS. 
(a) R EGULATORY CHANGES AND TRAINING MA-
TERIALS .—Section 15 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644), as amended by this Act, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(u) R
EGULATORY CHANGES AND TRAINING MA-
TERIALS .—Not less than annually, the Adminis-trator shall provide to the Defense Acquisition University (established under section 1746 of title 10, United States Code), the Federal Acqui-sition Institute (established under section 1201 of title 41, United States Code), the individual responsible for mandatory training and edu-cation of the acquisition workforce of each agency (described under section 1703(f)(1)(C) of title 41, United States Code), small business de-velopment centers, and entities participating in the Procurement Technical Assistance Coopera-tive Agreement Program under chapter 142 of title 10, United States Code— ‘‘(1) a list of all changes made in the prior year to regulations promulgated— ‘‘(A) by the Administrator that affect Federal acquisition; and ‘‘(B) by the Federal Acquisition Council that implement changes to this Act; and ‘‘(2) any materials the Administrator has de-veloped to explain, train, or assist Federal agen-cies or departments or small business concerns to comply with the regulations specified in para-graph (1).’’. (b) TRAINING TO BEUPDATED .—Upon receipt of information from the Administrator of the Small Business Administration pursuant to sec-tion 15(u) of the Small Business Act, the Defense Acquisition University (as under section 1746 of title 10, United States Code) and the Federal Ac-quisition Institute (established under section 1201 of title 41, United States Code) shall peri-odically update the training provided to the ac-quisition workforce. 
SEC. 1862. PROTECTING TASK ORDER COMPETI-TION. 
Section 4106(f) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (3). 
SEC. 1863. IMPROVEMENTS TO SIZE STANDARDS FOR SMALL AGRICULTURAL PRO-DUCERS. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO DEFINITION OF AGRICUL -
TURAL ENTERPRISES .—Paragraph (1) of section 18(b) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 647(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘businesses’’ and inserting ‘‘small business concerns’’. (b) E
QUAL TREATMENT OF SMALL FARMS .— Paragraph (1) of section 3(a) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘operation: Provided,’’ and all that fol-lows through the period at the end and insert-ing ‘‘operation.’’. (c) U
PDATED SIZESTANDARDS .—Size standards established under subsection (a) are subject to the rolling review procedures established under section 1344(a) of the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 (15 U.S.C. 632 note). 
SEC. 1864. UNIFORMITY IN SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN DEFINITIONS. 
(a) S MALL BUSINESS DEFINITION OF SMALL  B
USINESS CONCERN CONSOLIDATED .—Section 3(q) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) S
MALL BUSINESS CONCERN OWNED AND  
CONTROLLED BY SERVICE -DISABLED VETERANS .— The term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans’ means any of the following: ‘‘(A) A small business concern— ‘‘(i) not less than 51 percent of which is owned by one or more service-disabled veterans or, in the case of any publicly owned business, not less than 51 percent of the stock (not including any stock owned by an ESOP) of which is owned by one or more service-disabled veterans; and ‘‘(ii) the management and daily business oper-ations of which are controlled by one or more service-disabled veterans or, in the case of a vet-eran with permanent and severe disability, the spouse or permanent caregiver of such veteran. ‘‘(B) A small business concern— ‘‘(i) not less than 51 percent of which is owned by one or more service-disabled veterans with a disability that is rated by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs as a permanent and total dis-ability who are unable to manage the daily business operations of such concern; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a publicly owned business, not less than 51 percent of the stock (not includ-ing any stock owned by an ESOP) of which is owned by one or more such veterans. ‘‘(C)(i) During the time period described in clause (ii), a small business concern that was a small business concern described in subpara-graph (A) or (B) immediately prior to the death of a service-disabled veteran who was the owner of the concern, the death of whom causes the concern to be less than 51 percent owned by one or more service-disabled veterans, if— ‘‘(I) the surviving spouse of the deceased vet-eran acquires such veteran’s ownership interest in such concern; ‘‘(II) such veteran had a service-connected disability (as defined in section 101(16) of title 38, United States Code) rated as 100 percent dis-abling under the laws administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs or such veteran died as a result of a service-connected disability; and ‘‘(III) immediately prior to the death of such veteran, and during the period described in clause (ii), the small business concern is in-cluded in the database described in section 8127(f) of title 38, United States Code. ‘‘(ii) The time period described in this clause is the time period beginning on the date of the veteran’s death and ending on the earlier of— ‘‘(I) the date on which the surviving spouse remarries; ‘‘(II) the date on which the surviving spouse relinquishes an ownership interest in the small business concern; or ‘‘(III) the date that is 10 years after the date of the death of the veteran.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) ESOP.—The term ‘ESOP’ has the mean-ing given the term ‘employee stock ownership plan’ in section 4975(e)(7) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 4975(e)(7)). ‘‘(7) SURVIVING SPOUSE .—The term ‘surviving spouse’ has the meaning given such term in sec-tion 101(3) of title 38, United States Code.’’. (b) V
ETERANS AFFAIRS DEFINITION OF SMALL  B
USINESS CONCERN CONSOLIDATED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 8127 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking subsection (h) and redesig-nating subsections (i) through (l) as subsections (h) through (k), respectively; and (B) in subsection (k), as so redesignated— (i) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) The term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by veterans’ has the meaning given that term under section 3(q)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)(3)).’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by veterans with service-con-nected disabilities’ has the meaning given the term ‘small business concern owned and con-trolled by service-disabled veterans’ under sec-tion 3(q)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)(2)).’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such section is further amended— (A) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘or a small business concern owned and controlled by vet-erans with service-connected disabilities’’ after ‘‘a small business concern owned and controlled by veterans’’; (B) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘or a small business concern owned and controlled by vet-erans with service-connected disabilities’’ after ‘‘a small business concern owned and controlled by veterans’’; (C) in subsection (d) by inserting ‘‘or small business concerns owned and controlled by vet-erans with service-connected disabilities’’ after ‘‘small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans’’ both places it appears; and (D) in subsection (f)(1), by inserting ‘‘, small business concerns owned and controlled by vet-erans with service-connected disabilities,’’ after ‘‘small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 8(d)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(3)), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(H) In this contract, the term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by service-dis-abled veterans’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(q).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2556 May 17, 2016 
(d) R EGULATIONS RELATING TO DATABASE OF  
THESECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT TO USE CERTAIN SMALL BUSI -
NESS ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS .—Section 8127(f)(4) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘verified’’ and inserting ‘‘verified, using regulations issued by the Ad-ministrator of the Small Business Administra-tion with respect to the status of the concern as a small business concern and the ownership and control of such concern,’’. (2) P
ROHIBITION ON SECRETARY OF VETERANS  
AFFAIRS ISSUING CERTAIN REGULATIONS .—Section 8127(f) of title 38, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(7) The Secretary may not issue regulations related to the status of a concern as a small business concern and the ownership and control of such small business concern.’’. (e) D
ELAYED EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amend-ments made by subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) shall take effect on the date on which the Ad-ministrator of the Small Business Administra-tion and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs joint-ly issue regulations implementing such sections. (f) A
PPEALS OF INCLUSION IN DATABASE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 8127(f) of title 38, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(8)(A) If the Secretary does not verify a con-cern for inclusion in the database under this subsection based on the status of the concern as a small business concern or the ownership or control of the concern, the concern may appeal the denial of verification to the Office of Hear-ings and Appeals of the Small Business Admin-istration (as established under section 5(i) of the Small Business Act). The decision of the Office of Hearings and Appeals shall be considered a final agency action. ‘‘(B)(i) If an interested party challenges the inclusion in the database of a small business concern owned and controlled by veterans or a small business concern owned and controlled by veterans with service-connected disabilities based on the status of the concern as a small business concern or the ownership or control of the concern, the challenge shall be heard by the Office of Hearings and Appeals of the Small Business Administration as described in sub-paragraph (A). The decision of the Office of Hearings and Appeals shall be considered final agency action. ‘‘(ii) In this subparagraph, the term ‘inter-ested party’ means— ‘‘(I) the Secretary; and ‘‘(II) in the case of a small business concern that is awarded a contract, the contracting offi-cer of the Department or another small business concern that submitted an offer for the contract that was awarded to the small business concern that submitted an offer under clause (i). ‘‘(C) For each fiscal year, the Secretary shall reimburse the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration in an amount necessary to cover any cost incurred by the Office of Hear-ings and Appeals of the Small Business Admin-istration for actions taken by the Office under this paragraph. The Administrator is authorized to accept such reimbursement. The amount of any such reimbursement shall be determined jointly by the Secretary and the Administrator and shall be provided from fees collected by the Secretary under multiple-award schedule con-tracts. Any disagreement about the amount shall be resolved by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—Paragraph (8) of sub-section (f) of title 38, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), shall apply with re-spect to a verification decision made by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs on or after the date of the enactment of this title. 
SEC. 1865. REQUIRED REPORTS PERTAINING TO CAPITAL PLANNING AND INVEST-MENT CONTROL. 
The Administrator of the Small Business Ad-ministration shall submit to the Senate Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives the information de-scribed in section 11302(c)(3)(B)(ii) of title 40, United States Code, within 10 days of trans-mittal to the Director. 
SEC. 1866. OFFICE OF HEARINGS AND APPEALS. 
(a) C LARIFICATION AS TO JURISDICTION .—Sec- tion 5(i)(1)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 634(i)(1)(B)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(B) J
URISDICTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the Office of Hearings and Appeals shall hear appeals of agency actions under or pursuant to this Act, the Small Business Invest-ment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 661 et seq.), title 13 of the Code of Federal Regulations, and such other matters as the Administrator may deter-mine appropriate. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The Office of Hearings and Appeals shall not adjudicate disputes requiring a hearing on the record, except disputes per-taining to the small business programs described in this Act.’’. (b) N
EWPROCEDURES FOR PETITIONS FOR RE-
CONSIDERATION .—Section 3(a)(9) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)(9)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) P
ROCEDURES .—The Office of Hearings and Appeals shall begin accepting petitions for reconsideration described in subparagraph (A) upon the effective date of the procedures imple-menting this paragraph. Notwithstanding the provisions of subparagraph (B), petitions for re-consideration of size standards revised, modi-fied, or established in a Federal Register final rule published between November 25, 2015 and the effective date of such procedures shall be considered timely if filed within 30 days of such effective date.’’. 
SEC. 1867. ISSUANCE OF GUIDANCE ON SMALL BUSINESS MATTERS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this title, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall issue guid-ance pertaining to the amendments made by this Act to the Small Business Act by this title. The Administrator shall provide notice and oppor-tunity for comment on such guidance for a pe-riod of not less than 60 days. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS SEC. 2001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’. 
SEC. 2002. EXPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AND AMOUNTS REQUIRED TO BE SPECI-FIED BY LAW. 
(a) E XPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AFTER T
HREE YEARS.—Except as provided in subsection (b), all authorizations contained in titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX for military con-struction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contribu-tions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program (and authoriza-tions of appropriations therefor) shall expire on the later of— (1) October 1, 2019; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2020. (b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to authorizations for military construc-tion projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security In-vestment Program (and authorizations of appro-priations therefor), for which appropriated funds have been obligated before the later of— (1) October 1, 2019; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for fiscal year 2020 for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, or contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Secu-rity Investment Program. 
SEC. 2003. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX shall take effect on the later of— (1) October 1, 2016; or (2) the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2101. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Inside the United States State Installation Amount 
Alaska ........................................... Fort Wainwright ............................................................... .................... $47,000,000 
California ....................................... Concord ....................................................................... ......................... $12,600,000 
Colorado ........................................ Fort Carson .................................................................... ...................... $13,100,000 
Georgia .......................................... Fort Gordon ................................................................... ....................... $129,600,000 
Fort Stewart ......................................................................................... $14,800,000 
Hawaii ........................................... Fort Shafter .................................................................. ........................ $40,000,000 
Missouri ......................................... Fort Leonard Wood ............................................................. .................. $6,900,000 
Texas ............................................. Fort Hood .................................................................... ......................... $7,600,000 
Utah .............................................. Camp Williams ................................................................ ...................... $7,400,000 
Virginia ......................................... Fort Belvoir .................................................................. ........................ $23,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2557 May 17, 2016 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out the military construction project for the instal-lations or locations outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Outside the United States Country Installation Amount 
Cuba .............................................. Guantanamo Bay ............................................................... ................... $33,000,000 
Germany ......................................... East Camp Grafenwoehr .......................................................... .............. $22,000,000 
Garmisch ............................................................................................... $9,600,000 
Wiesbaden Army Airfield ........................................................................ $19,200,000 
SEC. 2102. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a)C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may construct or ac-quire family housing units (including land ac-quisition and supporting facilities) at the instal-lations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Army: Family Housing State/Country Installation Units Amount 
Korea ....................................................... Camp Humphreys .................................... Family Housing Ne w Construction ........... $297,000,000 
Camp Walker .......................................... Family Housing New Construction ........... $54,554,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Sec-retary of the Army may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction de-sign activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $2,618,000. 
SEC. 2103. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, ARMY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2016, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Army as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) LIMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2101 may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appro-priated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2104. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2101(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 986) for Joint Base Lewis-McChord, Washington, for construction of an aircraft maintenance hangar at the installation, the Secretary of the Army may construct an aircraft washing apron. SEC. 2105. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112-239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (126 Stat. 2119) and extended by section 2107 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1148), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2017, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2018, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
Army: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Kansas .................................................... Fort Riley ............................................... Unmanned Aer ial Vehicle Complex .......... $12,200,000 
Virginia ................................................... Fort Belvoir ............................................ Secure Admin /Operations Facility ............ $172,200,000 
Italy ........................................................ Camp Ederle ........................................... Barracks .... ............................................ $36,000,000 
Japan ...................................................... Sagami ................................................... Vehicle Mai ntenance Shop ...................... $18,000,000 
SEC. 2106. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 985), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (127 Stat. 986) shall remain in effect until October 1, 2017, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2018, whichever is later. (b) T ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
Army: Extension of 2014 Project Authorizations State Installation or Location Project Amount 
Maryland ................................................ Fort Detrick ........................................... Entry Control Po int ................................ $2,500,000 
Kwajalein Atoll ........................................ Kwajalein ............................................... Pier ............ ............................................ $63,000,000 
Japan ...................................................... Kyotango City ........................................ Company Operati ons Complex ................. $33,000,000 
TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2201. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount 
Arizona .................................................... Yuma ................................................................ ........................................................ $48,355,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2558 May 17, 2016 
Navy: Inside the United States—Continued State Installation or Location Amount 
California ................................................. Coronado ............................................................ ...................................................... $104,501,000 
Lemoore .................................................................................................................... $26, 723,000 
Miramar .................................................................................................................... $193 ,600,000 
Seal Beach ................................................................................................................ $21,0 07,000 
Florida ..................................................... Eglin Air Force Base ............................................... ................................................... $20,489,000 
Mayport .................................................................................................................... $66, 000,000 
Pensacola .................................................................................................................. $53, 000,000 
Guam ....................................................... Joint Region Marianas ............................................... ................................................ $89,185,000 
Hawaii ..................................................... Barking Sands ....................................................... .................................................... $43,384,000 
Kaneohe Bay ............................................................................................................. $72,565 ,000 
Maine ....................................................... Kittery ............................................................ .......................................................... $47,892,000 
Maryland ................................................. Patuxent River ........................................................ .................................................. $40,576,000 
Nevada ..................................................... Fallon .............................................................. ......................................................... $13,523,000 
North Carolina .......................................... Camp Lejeune ........................................................... ................................................. $18,482,000 
Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station ....................................................................... $12,515,000 
South Carolina ......................................... Beaufort ................................................................ .................................................... $83,490,000 
Parris Island ............................................................................................................. $29,8 82,000 
Washington .............................................. Bangor ................................................................. ..................................................... $113,415,000 
Bremerton ................................................................................................................. $6,70 4,000 
Whidbey Island ......................................................................................................... $75,976, 000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tion or location outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Outside the United States Country Installation or Location Amount 
Japan ....................................................... Kadena Air Base .................................................... ................................................... $26,489,000 
Sasebo ....................................................................................................................... $1 6,420,000 
Spain ........................................................ Rota .............................................................. ............................................................ $23,607,000 
Worldwide Unspecified .............................. Unspecified Worldwide Locations ............................................. .................................. $41,380,000 
SEC. 2202. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may construct or ac-quire family housing units (including land ac-quisition and supporting facilities) at the instal-lations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Family Housing Country Installation Units Amount 
Mariana Islands ....................................... Guam ...................................................... Replace Anderse n Housing PH 1 ............... $78,815,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Sec-retary of the Navy may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction de-sign activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $4,149,000. 
SEC. 2203. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $11,047,000. 
SEC. 2204. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NAVY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2016, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Navy, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) LIMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2201 may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appro-priated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2205. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2201 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 989) for Pearl City, Hawaii, for construction of a water transmission line at that location, the Secretary of the Navy may construct a 591-meter (1,940-foot) long 16-inch diameter water trans-mission line as part of the network required to provide the main water supply to Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam, Hawaii. SEC. 2206. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2201 of that Act (126 Stat. 2122) and extended by section 2206 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1151), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2017, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2018, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
Navy: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
California ................................................ Camp Pendleton ...................................... Comm. Information  Systems Ops Complex $78,897,000 
Greece ...................................................... Souda Bay .............................................. Intermodal A ccess Road ........................... $4,630,000 
South Carolina ......................................... Beaufort ................................................. Recycling/Hazar dous Waste Facility ......... $3,743,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2559 May 17, 2016 
Navy: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations —Continued State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Worldwide Unspecified ............................. Various Worldwide Locations ................... BAMS Operational Facilities .... ............... $34,048,000 
SEC. 2207. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 985), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2201 of that Act (127 Stat. 989), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2017, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2018, whichever is later. (b) T ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
Navy: Extension of 2014 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Hawaii ..................................................... Kaneohe Bay .......................................... Aircraft Mainte nance Hangar Upgrades ... $31,820,000 
Pearl City ............................................... Water Transmission Line ......................... $30,100,000 
Maine ...................................................... Bangor ................................................... NCTAMS VLF Commercial Power Connec-tion ..................................................... $13,800,000 
Nevada .................................................... Fallon ..................................................... Wastewater  Treatment Plant .................... $11,334,000 
Virginia ................................................... Quantico ................................................. Academic In struction Facility TECOM Schools ................................................ $25,731,000 
Quantico ................................................. Fuller Road Improvements ....................... $9,013,000 
SEC. 2208. STATUS OF ‘‘NET NEGATIVE’’ POLICY REGARDING NAVY ACREAGE ON GUAM. 
(a) R EPORT ON STATUS .— (1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Navy shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees regarding the status of the implementation of the ‘‘net nega-tive’’ policy regarding the total number of acres of the real property controlled by the Depart-ment of the Navy on Guam, as described in sub-section (b). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following infor-mation: (A) A description of the real property con-trolled by the Navy on Guam which the Navy has transferred to the control of Guam after January 20, 2011, or which the Navy plans to transfer to the control of Guam, as well as a de-scription of the specific legal authority under which the Navy has transferred or will transfer each such property. (B) The methodology and process the Navy will use to determine the total number of acres of real property that the Navy will transfer or has transferred to the control of Guam as part of the ‘‘net negative’’ policy, and the date on which the Navy will transfer or has transferred control of any such property. (C) A description of the real property con-trolled by the Navy on Guam which the Navy plans to retain under its control and the reasons for retaining such property, including a detailed explanation of the reasons for retaining any such property which has not been developed or for which no development has been proposed under the current installation master plans for major military installations (as described in sec-tion 2864 of title 10, United States Code). (3) E
XCLUSION OF CERTAIN PROPERTY .—In pre- paring and submitting the report under this sub-section, the Secretary may not take into account any real property which has been identified prior to January 20, 2011, as property to be transferred to the Government of Guam under the Guam Excess Lands Act (Public Law 103– 339) or the Guam Land Use Plan (GLUP) 1977, or pursuant to base realignment and closure au-thorized under the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101-510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note), wheth-er or not the Navy transferred control of any such property to Guam at any time. (b) POLICY DESCRIBED .—The ‘‘net negative’’ policy described in this section is the policy of the Secretary of the Navy, as expressed in the statement released by Under Secretary of the Navy on January 20, 2011, that the relocation of Marines to Guam occurring during 2011 will not cause the total number of acres of real property controlled by the Navy on Guam upon the com-pletion of such relocation to exceed the total number of acres of real property controlled by the Navy on Guam prior to such relocation. TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2301. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska ................................................................................ Clear Air Force Station .................. ............................................. $20,000,000 
Eielson Air Force Base ................................................................ $213,300,000 
Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson ................................................ $29,000,000 
Arizona ............................................................................... Luke Air Force Base ...................... ............................................. $20,000,000 
California ........................................................................... Edwards Air Force Base .................... .......................................... $24,000,000 
Colorado ............................................................................. Buckley Air Force Base .................... ........................................... $13,500,000 
Delaware ........................................................................... Dover Air Force Base ........................ .......................................... $39,000,000 
Florida ................................................................................ Eglin Air Force Base .................... ............................................... $88,600,000 
Patrick Air Force Base ................................................................ $13,500,000 
Georgia ............................................................................... Moody Air Force Base ..................... ............................................ $30,900,000 
Guam .................................................................................. Joint Region Marianas .................... ............................................ $80,658,000 
Kansas ................................................................................ McConnell Air Force Base ................. .......................................... $19,800,000 
Louisiana ............................................................................ Barksdale Air Force Base .................. .......................................... $21,000,000 
Maryland ............................................................................ Joint Base Andrews ......................... ........................................... $66,500,000 
Massachusetts ..................................................................... Hanscom Air Force Base ....................... ...................................... $30,965,000 
Montana ............................................................................. Malmstrom Air Force Base ................... ....................................... $14,600,000 
Nevada ............................................................................... Nellis Air Force Base ..................... .............................................. $10,600,000 
New Mexico ......................................................................... Cannon Air Force Base ....................... ........................................ $21,000,000 
Holloman Air Force Base ............................................................. $10,600,000 
Kirtland Air Force Base .............................................................. $7,300,000 
Ohio ................................................................................... Wright-Patterson Air Force Base ......... ........................................ $12,600,000 
Oklahoma ........................................................................... Altus Air Force Base ........................ ........................................... $11,600,000 
Tinker Air Force Base ................................................................. $43,000,000 
South Carolina .................................................................... Joint Base Charleston ........................ ......................................... $17,000,000 
Texas .................................................................................. Joint Base San Antonio .................. ............................................. $67,300,000 
Utah ................................................................................... Hill Air Force Base ..................... ................................................ $44,500,000 
Virginia .............................................................................. Joint Base Langley-Eustis ................ ........................................... $59,200,000 
Washington ......................................................................... Fairchild Air Force Base .................... ......................................... $27,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2560 May 17, 2016 
Air Force: Inside the United States—Continued State Installation or Location Amount 
Wyoming ............................................................................. F.E. Warren Air Force Base ................. ....................................... $5,550,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tion or location outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States Country Installation or Location Amount 
Australia ....................................................................... Darwin ......................................... .................................................... $30,400,000 
Germany ....................................................................... Ramstein Air Base ................................ ............................................ $13,437,000 
Spangdahlem Air Base ...................................................................... $43,465,000 
Japan ........................................................................... Kadena Air Base ................................ ............................................... $19,815,000 
Yokota Air Base ............................................................................... $32,020,000 
Mariana Islands ............................................................ Unspecified Location ................................ ........................................ $9,000,000 
Turkey .......................................................................... Incirlik Air Base .............................. ................................................. $13,449,000 
United Arab Emirates .................................................... Al Dhafra .............................................. ........................................... $35,400,000 
United Kingdom ............................................................ Croughton RAF ........................................ ........................................ $16,500,000 
SEC. 2302. FAMILY HOUSING. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military family hous-ing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $4,368,000. 
SEC. 2303. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $56,984,000. SEC. 2304. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, AIR FORCE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2016, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2301 may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appro-priated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2305. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1152) for Malmstrom Air Force Base, Montana, for construction of a Tactical Response Force Alert Facility at the installation, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct an emergency power generator system consistent with the Air Force’s construction guidelines. SEC. 2306. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2301 of that Act (126 Stat. 2126) and extended by section 2309 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1155), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2017, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2018, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
Air Force: Extension of 2013 Project Authorization State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Portugal .................................................. Lajes Field .............................................. Sanitary Sew er Lift/Pump Station ............ $2,000,000 
SEC. 2307. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 985), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in sec-tion 2301 of that Act (127 Stat. 992), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2017, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-tary construction for fiscal year 2018, whichever is later. (b) T ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
Air Force: Extension of 2014 Project Authorizations Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Worldwide Unspecified (Italy) ................... Aviano Air Base ...................................... Guardian Angel Operations Facility ......... $22,047,000 
SEC. 2308. RESTRICTION ON ACQUISITION OF PROPERTY IN NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS. 
The Secretary of the Air Force may not use any of the amounts authorized to be appro-priated under section 2304 to acquire property or interests in property at an unspecified location in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, as specified in the funding table set forth in section 2301(b) and the funding table in section 4601, until the congressional defense committees have received from the Secretary a report providing the following information: (1) The specific location of the property or in-terest in property to be acquired. (2) The total cost, scope, and location of the military construction projects and the acquisi-tion of property or interests in property required to support the Secretary’s proposed divert ac-tivities and exercises in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. (3) An analysis of any alternative locations that the Secretary considered acquiring, includ-ing other locations or interests within the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands or the Freely Associated States. For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘Freely Associated States’’ means the Republic of the Marshall Is-lands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau. TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY CONSTRUCTION SEC. 2401. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2561 May 17, 2016 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska ............................................................. Clear Air Force Station ..................................... .................. $155,000,000 
Fort Greely ......................................................................... $9,560,000 
Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson ........................................ $4,900,000 
Arizona ........................................................... Fort Huachuca ................................................ ................... $4,493,000 
California ........................................................ Coronado ..................................................... ...................... $175,412,000 
Travis Air Force Base ......................................................... $26,500,000 
Delaware ......................................................... Dover Air Force Base .......................................... ................ $44,115,000 
Florida ............................................................ Patrick Air Force Base ...................................... .................. $10,100,000 
Georgia ........................................................... Fort Benning ................................................. ..................... $4,820,000 
Fort Gordon ....................................................................... $25,000,000 
Maine ............................................................. Portsmouth ................................................... ...................... $27,100,000 
Maryland ........................................................ Bethesda Naval Hospital ........................................ ............. $510,000,000 
Fort Meade ......................................................................... $38,000,000 
North Carolina ................................................ Camp Lejeune ..................................................... ................ $31,000,000 
Fort Bragg ......................................................................... $86,593,000 
South Carolina ................................................ Joint Base Charleston ............................................ ............. $17,000,000 
Texas .............................................................. Red River Army Depot ........................................ ................ $44,700,000 
Sheppard Air Force Base ..................................................... $91,910,000 
Virginia ........................................................... Pentagon .................................................... ........................ $20,216,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States Country Installation or Location Amount 
Diego Garcia ................................. Diego Garcia ...................................................................... ................... $30,000,000 
Germany ....................................... Kaiserslautern ................................................................... .................... $45,221,000 
Japan ........................................... Ikakuni ........................................................................ ......................... $6,664,000 
Kadena Air Base ................................................................................... $161,224,000 
Yokota Air Base .................................................................................... $113,731,000 
Kwajalein ..................................... Kwajalein Atoll .................................................................. ................... $85,500,000 
United Kingdom ............................ Royal Air Force Croughton ............................................................ ........ $71,424,000 
Royal Air Force Lakenheath .................................................................. $13,500,000 
Wake Island ................................. Wake Island ........................................................................ .................. $11,670,000 
SEC. 2402. AUTHORIZED ENERGY CONSERVATION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for energy conservation projects as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, in the amount set forth in the table: 
Energy Conservation Projects: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount 
California ..................................... Edwards Air Force Base .......................................................... ............... $8,400,000 
Naval Base San Diego ............................................................................ $4,230,000 
Fort Hunter Liggett ............................................................................... $5,400,000 
Colorado ....................................... Fort Carson ..................................................................... ...................... $5,000,000 
Schriever Air Force Base ........................................................................ $3,295,000 
Florida ......................................... SUBASE Kings Bay NAS Jacksonville .............................................. ...... $3,230,000 
Guam ........................................... NAVBASE Guam .................................................................... ............... $8,540,000 
Hawaii ......................................... NSAH Wahiawa Kunia Oahu ......................................................... ........ $14,890,000 
Ohio ............................................. Wright Patterson Air Force Base ............................................... ............. $14,400,000 
Utah ............................................ Dugway Proving Ground .......................................................... ............. $7,500,000 
Tooele Army Depot ................................................................................ $8,200,000 
Various Locations ......................... Vqarious Locations ................................................................... ............. $28,088,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for energy conservation projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, for the installations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2562 May 17, 2016 
Energy Conservation Projects: Outside the United States Country Installation or Location Amount 
Cuba ............................................ Guantanamo Bay ................................................................. ................. $6,080,000 
Diego Garcia ................................. NSF Diego Garcia .................................................................. ................ $17,010,000 
Japan ........................................... Kadena Air Base ................................................................ ................... $4,007,000 
Misawa Air Base ................................................................................... $5,315,000 
Spain ........................................... Rota ........................................................................... .......................... $3,710,000 
Various Locations ......................... Various Locations .................................................................... ............. $2,705,000 
SEC. 2403. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, DEFENSE AGENCIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2016, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2401 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2404. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization in the table in section 2401(b) of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 996), for Royal Air Force Lakenheath, United Kingdom, for construction of a high school, the Secretary of Defense may construct a combined middle/high school. 
SEC. 2405. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2401 of that Act (126 Stat. 2127), as amended by section 2406(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1160), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2017, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2018, whichever is later. (b) TABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Japan ...................................................... Camp Zama ............................................. Renovate Zama High School .................... $13,273,000 
Pennsylvania ........................................... New Cumberland ..................................... Replace Reservoir .... ................................ $4,300,000 
SEC. 2406. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 985), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2401 of that Act (127 Stat. 995), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2017 or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2018, whichever is later. (b) T ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2014 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
California ................................................ Brawley .................................................. SOF Desert W arfare Training Center ........ $23,095,000 
Germany .................................................. Kaiserslautern ......................................... Replace Kaisers lautern Elementary School $49,907,000 
Ramstein Air Base ................................... Replace Ramstein High School ................. $98,762,000 
Hawaii ..................................................... Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .............. DISA Pacific Facility Up grade ................. $2,615,000 
Massachusetts .......................................... Hanscom Air Force Base .......................... Replace Hanscom Primary School ............. $36,213,000 
United Kindgom ....................................... RAF Lakenheath ..................................... Replace Lakenheath High  School ............. $69,638,000 
Virginia ................................................... MCB Quantico ........................................ Replace Quantico  Middle/High School ...... $40,586,000 
Pentagon PFPA Support Operations Center ............. $14,800,000 
Pentagon Raven Rock Administrative Facility Up- grade ................................................... $32,000,000 
Pentagon Boundary Channel Access Control Point .. $6,700,000 
TITLE XXV—NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM 
SEC. 2501. AUTHORIZED NATO CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may make contribu-tions for the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion Security Investment Program as provided in section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, in an amount not to exceed the sum of the amount au-thorized to be appropriated for this purpose in section 2502 and the amount collected from the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as a result of construction previously financed by the United States. SEC. 2502. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NATO. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2016, for contributions by the Sec-retary of Defense under section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, for the share of the United States of the cost of projects for the North At-lantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program authorized by section 2501 as specified in the funding table in section 4601. TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE FORCES FACILITIES Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 2601. AUTHORIZED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army National Guard State Location Amount 
Colorado ....................................... Fort Carson ..................................................................... ...................... $16,500,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2563 May 17, 2016 
Army National Guard—Continued State Location Amount 
Hawaii ......................................... Hilo ............................................................................ .......................... $31,000,000 
Iowa ............................................. Davenport ..................................................................... ........................ $23,000,000 
Kansas ......................................... Fort Leavenworth ................................................................ .................. $29,000,000 
New Hampshire ............................. Hooksett ............................................................................. ................... $11,000,000 
..................................................... Rochester ................................................................. ............................. $8,900,000 
Oklahoma ..................................... Ardmore ........................................................................... ..................... $22,000,000 
Pennsylvania ................................ Fort Indiantown Gap ................................................................ ............. $20,000,000 
York ..................................................................................................... $9,300,000 
Rhode Island ................................ East Greenwich ..................................................................... ................ $20,000,000 
Utah ............................................ Camp Williams .................................................................. .................... $37,000,000 
Wyoming ...................................... Camp Guernsey ..................................................................... ................ $31,000,000 
Laramie ................................................................................................ $21,000,000 
SEC. 2602. AUTHORIZED ARMY RESERVE CON-STRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army Reserve State Location Amount 
Arizona ........................................ Phoenix ......................................................................... ....................... $30,000,000 
California ..................................... Barstow ......................................................................... ....................... $29,000,000 
Camp Parks ........................................................................................... $19,000,000 
Fort Hunter Liggett ............................................................................... $21,500,000 
Virginia ........................................ Dublin ......................................................................... ......................... $6,000,000 
Washington .................................. Joint Base Lewis-McChord ........................................................... .......... $27,500,000 
Wisconsin ..................................... Fort McCoy ....................................................................... .................... $11,400,000 
SEC. 2603. AUTHORIZED NAVY RESERVE AND MA-RINE CORPS RESERVE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve State Location Amount 
Louisiana ..................................... New Orleans ...................................................................... .................... $11,207,000 
New York ..................................... Brooklyn .......................................................................... ..................... $1,964,000 
..................................................... Syracuse .................................................................. ............................. $13,229,000 
Texas ........................................... Galveston ...................................................................... ........................ $8,414,000 
SEC. 2604. AUTHORIZED AIR NATIONAL GUARD CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construc-tion projects for the Air National Guard loca-tions inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air National Guard State Location Amount 
Connecticut .................................. Bradley IAP ....................................................................... ................... $6,300,000 
Florida ......................................... Jacksonville IAP ............................................................... ..................... $9,000,000 
Hawaii ......................................... Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .................................................. .......... $11,000,000 
Iowa ............................................. Sioux Gateway Airport ......................................................... ................. $12,600,000 
Maryland ..................................... Joint Base Andrews ................................................................ ............... $5,000,000 
Minnesota .................................... Duluth IAP ........................................................................ ................... $7,600,000 
New Hampshire ............................. Pease International Trade Port ....................................................... ....... $1,500,000 
North Carolina ............................. Charlotte/Douglas IAP ............................................................... ............ $50,600,000 
Ohio ............................................. Toledo Express Airport ........................................................ ................... $6,000,000 
South Carolina ............................. McEntire ANGS ....................................................................... .............. $8,400,000 
Texas ........................................... Ellington Field ................................................................ ...................... $4,500,000 
Vermont ....................................... Burlington IAP ................................................................... .................. $4,500,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2564 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 2605. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE RESERVE CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construc-tion projects for the Air Force Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force Reserve State Location Amount 
Guam ........................................... Anderson Air Force Base ......................................................... .............. $5,200,000 
Massachusetts .............................. Westover Air Reserve Base ........................................................... .......... $9,200,000 
North Carolina ............................. Seymour Johnson Air Force Base ...................................................... ...... $97,950,000 
Pennsylvania ................................ Pittsburgh IAP ..................................................................... ................. $85,000,000 
Utah ............................................ Hill Air Force Base ............................................................ .................... $3,050,000 
SEC. 2606. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2016, for the costs of acquisition, ar-chitectural and engineering services, and con-struction of facilities for the Guard and Reserve Forces, and for contributions therefor, under chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code (in-cluding the cost of acquisition of land for those facilities), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. Subtitle B—Other Matters 
SEC. 2611. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2602 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1001) for Bullville, New York, for construction of a new Army Reserve Center at that location, the Secretary of the Army may add to or alter the existing Army Reserve Center at Bullville, New York. SEC. 2612. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2603 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3689) for Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, for construction of a Reserve Training Center at that location, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire approxi-mately 8.5 acres (370,260 square feet) of adjacent land, obtain necessary interest in land, and construct road improvements and associated supporting facilities to provide required access to the Reserve Training Center. 
SEC. 2613. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2602 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1163) for MacDill Air Force Base, Florida, for con-struction of an Army Reserve Center/Aviation Support Facility at that location, the Secretary of the Army may relocate and construct replace-ment skeet and grenade launcher ranges nec-essary to clear the site for the new Army Reserve facilities. SEC. 2614. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112-239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2603 of that Act (126 Stat. 2135) and extended by section 2614 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114-92; 129 Stat. 1166), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2017, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2018, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
National Guard and Reserve: Extension of 2013 Project Authorization State Installation or Location Project Amount 
Iowa ........................................................ Fort Des Moines ...................................... Joint Reserve Center ................................ $19,162,000 
SEC. 2615. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113-66; 127 Stat. 985), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in sections 2602, 2603, 2604, and 2605 of that Act (127 Stat. 1001, 1002), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2017, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construc-tion for fiscal year 2018, whichever is later. (b) T ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
National Guard and Reserve: Extension of 2014 Project Authorizations State Installation or Location Project Amount 
California ................................................ Camp Parks ............................................ Army Reserve Ce nter ............................... $17,500,000 
................................................................ March Air Force Base .............................. NOSC Moreno V alley Reserve Training Center .................................................. $11,086,000 
Florida .................................................... Homestead ARB ...................................... Entry Control Com plex ............................ $9,800,000 
Maryland ................................................. Fort Meade ............................................. 175th Network W arfare Squadron Facility $4,000,000 
................................................................ Martin State Airport ................................ Cyber/ISR F acility ................................... $8,000,000 
New York ................................................. Bullville .................................................. Army Reserv e Center ............................... $14,500,000 
TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 2701. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLO-SURE ACTIVITIES FUNDED THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2016, for base realignment and closure activities, including real property acquisition and military construction projects, as author-ized by the Defense Base Closure and Realign-ment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101-510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Clo-sure Account established by section 2906 of such Act (as amended by section 2711 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112-239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4601. SEC. 2702. PROHIBITION ON CONDUCTING ADDI-TIONAL BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE (BRAC) ROUND. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to au-thorize an additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. Nothing in the previous sentence shall be construed to affect the author-ity of the Secretary of Defense to comply with any requirement under law, or with any request of a congressional defense committee, to conduct an analysis, study, or report of the infrastruc-ture needs of the Department of Defense, includ-ing the infrastructure inventory required to be prepared under section 2815(a)(2) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1175). TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing 
SEC. 2801. MODIFICATION OF CRITERIA FOR TREATMENT OF LABORATORY REVI-TALIZATION PROJECTS AS MINOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN THRESHOLD .—Section 2805(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$4,000,000’’ each place it appears in paragraph (1)(A), (1)(B), and (2) and inserting ‘‘$6,000,000’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2565 May 17, 2016 
(b) N OTICE REQUIREMENTS .—Section 2805(d) of such title is amended— (1) by striking the second sentence of para-graph (2); and (2) by amending paragraph (3) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(3) If the Secretary concerned makes a deci-sion to carry out an unspecified minor military construction project to which this subsection ap-plies, the Secretary concerned shall notify in writing the appropriate committees of Congress of that decision, of the justification for the project, and of the estimated cost of the project. The project may then be carried out only after the end of the 21-day period beginning on the date the notification is received by the commit-tees or, if earlier, the end of the 14-day period beginning on the date on which a copy of the notification is provided in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of this title.’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF SUNSET .—Section 2805(d) of such title is amended by striking paragraph (5). 
SEC. 2802. CLASSIFICATION OF FACILITY CON-VERSION PROJECTS AS REPAIR PROJECTS. 
Subsection (e) of section 2811 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(e) R
EPAIR PROJECT DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘repair project’ means a project— ‘‘(1) to restore a real property facility, system, or component to such a condition that it may ef-fectively be used for its designated functional purpose; or ‘‘(2) to convert a real property facility, system, or component to a new functional purpose with-out increasing its external dimensions.’’. 
SEC. 2803. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY, LIMITED AUTHORITY TO USE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FUNDS FOR CON-STRUCTION PROJECTS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (h) of section 2808 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (division B of Public Law 108–136; 117 Stat. 1723), as most recently amended by section 2802 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. XXXX), is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF AUTHORITY .—Sub- section (c)(1) of such section is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2016’’; (2) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31, 2017’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’. 
SEC. 2804. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY AUTHOR-ITY FOR ACCEPTANCE AND USE OF CONTRIBUTIONS FOR CERTAIN CON-STRUCTION, MAINTENANCE, AND RE-PAIR PROJECTS MUTUALLY BENE-FICIAL TO THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE AND KUWAIT MILITARY FORCES. 
Section 2804(f) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1171; 10 U.S.C. 2350j note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 2805. NOTICE AND REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS FOR ENERGY CONSERVATION CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. 
(a) C ONTENTS OF NOTIFICATIONS .— (1) C
ONTENTS .—Section 2914(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the period at the end of the first sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘, and shall include in the notification the justification and current cost estimate for the project, the expected savings to investment ratio and simple payback estimates, and the project’s measurement and validation plan and costs.’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to no-tifications provided during fiscal year 2017 or any succeeding fiscal year. (b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Section 2914 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year (beginning with fiscal year 2017), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report on the status of the projects car-ried out under this section (including completed projects), and shall include in the report with respect to each such project the following infor-mation: ‘‘(1) The title, location, and a brief description of the scope of work. ‘‘(2) The original cost estimate and expected savings to investment ratio and simple payback estimates, and the original measurement and validation plan and costs. ‘‘(3) The most recent cost estimate and ex-pected savings to investment ratio and simple payback estimates, and the most recent version of the measurement and validation plan and costs. ‘‘(4) Such other information as the Secretary considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 2806. ADDITIONAL ENTITIES ELIGIBLE FOR PARTICIPATION IN DEFENSE LAB-ORATORY MODERNIZATION PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 2803(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1169; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended by adding by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A Department of Defense research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation facility that is not designated as a Science and Technology Re-invention Laboratory, but nonetheless is in-volved with developmental test and evalua-tion.’’. Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities Administration 
SEC. 2811. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION FOR IN-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS FOR OVER-SEAS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. 
(a) N OTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—Subsection (f) of section 2687a of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF PAYMENT  I
N-KIND AND IN-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS FOR OVER-
SEAS PROJECTS .—(1) In the event the Secretary of Defense accepts a military construction project to be built for Department of Defense personnel outside the United States as a pay-ment-in-kind or an in-kind contribution re-quired by a bilateral agreement with a host country, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a writ-ten notification at least 30 days before the initi-ation date for any such military construction project. ‘‘(2) A notification under paragraph (1) with respect to a proposed military construction project shall include the following: ‘‘(A) The requirements for, and purpose and description of, the proposed project. ‘‘(B) The cost of the proposed project. ‘‘(C) The scope of the proposed project. ‘‘(D) The schedule for the proposed project. ‘‘(E) Such other details as the Secretary con-siders relevant.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2802 of such title is amended by striking subsection (d). (c) R
EPEAL .—Section 2803 of the Carl Levin and Howard ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113-291; 128 Stat. 3696) is repealed, and the provisions of law amended by subsections (a) and (b) of that section shall be restored as if such section had not been enacted into law. SEC. 2812. PROHIBITION ON USE OF MILITARY IN-STALLATIONS TO HOUSE UNACCOM-PANIED ALIEN CHILDREN. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—A military installation may not be used to house any unaccompanied alien child. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘military installation’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2801(c)(4) of title 10, United States Code, but does not include an installation located outside of the United States. (2) The term ‘‘unaccompanied alien child’’ has the meaning given such term in section 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g)(2)). 
SEC. 2813. ALLOTMENT OF SPACE AND PROVISION OF SERVICES TO WIC OFFICES OPER-ATING ON MILITARY INSTALLA-TIONS. 
(a) A LLOTMENT OF SPACE AND PROVISION OF  S
ERVICES AUTHORIZED .—Chapter 152 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2566 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2567. Space and services: provision to WIC offices ‘‘(a) A
LLOTMENT OF SPACE AND PROVISION OF  S
ERVICES AUTHORIZED .—Upon application by a WIC office, the Secretary of a military depart-ment may allot space on a military installation under the jurisdiction of the Secretary to the WIC office without charge for rent or services if the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(1) the WIC office provides or will provide services solely to members of the armed forces assigned to the installation, civilian employees of the Department of Defense employed at the installation, or dependents of such members or employees; ‘‘(2) space is available on the installation; ‘‘(3) operation of the WIC office will not hinder military mission requirements; and ‘‘(4) the security situation at the installation permits the presence of a non-Federal entity on the installation. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘services’ includes the provision of lighting, heating, cooling, and electricity. ‘‘(2) The term ‘WIC office’ means a local agen-cy (as defined in subsection (b)(6) of section 17 of the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786)) that participates in the special supple-mental nutrition program for women, infants, and children under such section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 152 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2566 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘2567. Space and services: provision to WIC of-fices’’. 
SEC. 2814. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING NEED TO CONSULT WITH STATE AND LOCAL OFFICIALS PRIOR TO ACQUI-SITIONS OF REAL PROPERTY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, prior to acquiring real property in a State for use of the Department of Defense (including through purchase, lease, or any other arrangement), the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of the military department con-cerned should consult with the chief executive of the State and representatives of units of local government with jurisdiction over the property, with the goal of resolving potential conflicts re-garding the use of the property before such con-flicts arise. (b) S
TATE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2566 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 2815. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING IN-CLUSION OF STORMWATER SYSTEMS AND COMPONENTS WITHIN THE MEANING OF ‘‘WASTEWATER SYS-TEM’’ UNDER THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORITY FOR CONVEY-ANCE OF UTILITY SYSTEMS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the reference to a system for the collection or treatment of wastewater in the definition of ‘‘utility system’’ in section 2688 of title 10, United States Code, which authorizes the Department of Defense to convey utility systems, includes stormwater sys-tems and components. 
SEC. 2816. ASSESSMENT OF PUBLIC SCHOOLS ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INSTAL-LATIONS. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report that includes an update of the July 2011 assessment on the condition and ca-pacity of elementary and secondary public schools on military installations, including con-sideration for— (1) schools that have had changes in their condition or capacity since the original assess-ment; and (2) schools that may have been inadvertently omitted from the original assessment. Subtitle C—Provision Related to Asia-Pacific Military Realignment 
SEC. 2821. LIMITED EXCEPTIONS TO RESTRIC-TION ON DEVELOPMENT OF PUBLIC INFRASTRUCTURE IN CONNECTION WITH REALIGNMENT OF MARINE CORPS FORCES IN ASIA-PACIFIC RE-GION. 
(a) R EVISION .—Notwithstanding section 2821(b) of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Pub-lic Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3701), the Secretary of Defense may proceed with a public infrastruc-ture project on Guam which is described in sub-section (b) if— (1) the project was identified in the report pre-pared by the Secretary of Defense under section 2822(d)(2) of the Military Construction Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1017); and (2) amounts have been appropriated or made available to be expended by the Department of Defense for the project. (b) P
ROJECTS DESCRIBED .—A project described in this subsection is any of the following: (1) A project intended to improve water and wastewater systems. (2) A project intended to improve curation of archeological and cultural artifacts. (3) A project intended to improve the control and containment of public health threats. (c) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED LAW.—Section 2821 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1177) is repealed. Subtitle D—Land Conveyances 
SEC. 2831. LAND CONVEYANCES, HIGH FRE-QUENCY ACTIVE AURORAL RE-SEARCH PROGRAM FACILITY AND ADJACENT PROPERTY, GAKONA, ALASKA. 
(a) C ONVEYANCES AUTHORIZED .— (1) C
ONVEYANCE TO UNIVERSITY OF ALASKA .— The Secretary of the Air Force may convey to the University of Alaska (in this section referred to as the ‘‘University’’) all right, title, and in-terest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 1,158 acres near the Gulkana Village, Alaska, which were purchased by the Secretary of the Air Force from Ahtna, Incorporated, in January 1989, contain a High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program fa-cility, and comprise a portion of the property more particularly described in subsection (b), for the purpose of permitting the University to use the conveyed property for public purposes. (2) C
ONVEYANCE TO ALASKA NATIVE CORPORA -
TION.—The Secretary of the Air Force may con-vey to the Ahtna, Incorporated, (in this section referred to as ‘‘Ahtna’’), all right, title, and in-terest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 4,259 acres near Gulkana Village, Alaska, which were purchased by the Secretary of the Air Force from Ahtna, Incorporated, in January 1989 and comprise the portion of the property more particularly de-scribed in subsection (b) that does not contain the High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program facility. The property to be conveyed under this paragraph does not include any of the property authorized for conveyance to the University under paragraph (1). (b) PROPERTY DESCRIBED .—Subject to the property exclusions specified in subsection (c), the real property authorized for conveyance under subsection (a) consists of portions of sec-tions within township 7 north, range 1 east; township 7 north, range 2 east; township 8 north, range 1 east; and township 8 north, range 2 east; Copper River Meridian, Chitina Recording District, Third Judicial District, State of Alaska, as follows: (1) Township 7 north, range 1 east: (A) Section 1. (B) E
1⁄2, S1⁄2NW1⁄4, SW1⁄4of section 2. (C) S
1⁄2SE1⁄4, NE1⁄4SE1⁄4of section 3. (D) E
1⁄2of section 10. (E) Sections 11 and 12. (F) That portion of N
1⁄2, N1⁄2S1⁄2of section 13, excluding all lands lying southerly and easterly of the Glenn Highway right-of-way. (G) N
1⁄2, N1⁄2S1⁄2of section 14. (H) NE
1⁄4, NE1⁄4SE1⁄4of section 15. (2) Township 7 north, range 2 east: (A) W
1⁄2of section 6. (B) NW
1⁄4of section 7, and the portion of N
1⁄2SW1⁄4and NW1⁄4SE1⁄4of such section lying northerly of the Glenn Highway right-of-way. (3) Township 8 north, range 1 east: (A) SE
1⁄4SE1⁄4of section 35. (B) E
1⁄2, SW1⁄4, SE1⁄4NW1⁄4of section 36. (4) Township 8 north, range 2 east: (A) W
1⁄2of section 31. (c) E
XCLUSION OF CERTAIN PROPERTY .—The real property authorized for conveyance under subsection (a) may not include the following: (1) Public easements reserved pursuant to sec-tion 17(b) of the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act (43 U.S.C. 1616(b)), as described in the Warranty Deed from Ahtna, Incorporated, to the United States, dated March 1, 1990, recorded in Book 31, pages 665 through 668 in the Chitina Recording District, Third Judicial District, Alas-ka. (2) Easement for an existing trail as described in the such Warranty Deed from Ahtna, Incor-porated, to the United States. (3) The subsurface estate. (d) C
ONSIDERATION .— (1) C
ONVEYANCE TO UNIVERSITY .—As consider-ation for the conveyance of property under sub-section (a)(1), the University shall provide the United States with consideration in an amount that is acceptable to the Secretary of the Air Force, whether in the form of cash payment, in- kind consideration, or a combination thereof. (2) C
ONVEYANCE TO AHTNA .—As consideration for the conveyance of property under subsection (a)(2), Ahtna shall provide the United States with consideration in an amount that is accept-able to the Secretary, whether in the form of cash payment, in-kind consideration, a land ex-change under the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq), or a combina-tion thereof. (3) T
REATMENT OF CASH CONSIDERATION RE -
CEIVED .—Any cash payment received by the Sec-retary as consideration for a conveyance under subsection (a) shall be deposited in the special account in the Treasury established under sub-section (b) of section 572 of title 40, United States Code, and shall be available in accord-ance with paragraph (5)(B) of such subsection. (e) R
EVERSIONARY INTEREST .—If the Secretary of the Air Force determines at any time that the real property conveyed under subsection (a)(1) is not being used by the University in accord-ance with the purposes of the conveyance speci-fied in such subsection, all right, title, and in-terest in and to the land, including any im-provements thereto, shall revert, at the option of the Secretary, to and become the property of the United States, and the United States shall have the right of immediate entry onto such land. A determination by the Secretary under this sub-section shall be made on the record after an op-portunity for a hearing. (f) PAYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall require the recipient of real property under this section to cover all costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Sec-retary, to carry out the conveyance of that property, including survey costs, costs for envi-ronmental documentation, and any other ad-ministrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected in advance of the Sec-retary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually in-curred by the Secretary to carry out the convey-ance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the recipient. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reim-bursement for costs incurred by the Secretary to carry out a conveyance under this section shall be credited and made available to the Secretary as provided in section 2695(c) of title 10, United States Code. (g) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The convey-ance of property under this section shall be ac-complished using a quit claim deed or other legal instrument and upon terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to the Secretary of the Air Force and the recipient of the property, includ-ing such additional terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
SEC. 2832. LAND CONVEYANCE, CAMPION AIR FORCE RADAR STATION, GALENA, ALASKA. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of the Air Force may convey, without consider-ation, to the Town of Galena, Alaska (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Town’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to public land, including improvements thereon, at the former Campion Air Force Station, Alaska, as further described in subsection (b), for the purpose of permitting the Town to use the con-veyed property for public purposes. The convey-ance under this subsection is subject to valid ex-isting rights. (b) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The land to be conveyed under subsection (a) consists of up to approximately 1,300 acres of the remaining land withdrawn under Public Land Order No. 843 of June 24, 1952, and Public Land Order No. 1405 of April 4, 1957, for use by the Secretary of the Air Force as the former Campion Air Force Station. The portions of the former Air Force Station that are not authorized to be conveyed under subsection (a) are those portions that are subject to environmental land use restrictions or are currently undergoing environmental remedi-ation by the Secretary of the Air Force. (c) M
AP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of the Interior, shall fi-nalize a map and the legal description of the land to be conveyed under subsection (a). The Secretary of the Air Force may correct any minor errors in the map or the legal description. The map and legal description shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appro-priate offices of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment. (d) R
EVERSIONARY INTEREST .—If the Secretary of the Air Force determines at any time that the land conveyed under subsection (a) is not being used in accordance with the purposes of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2567 May 17, 2016 
conveyance specified in such subsection, all right, title, and interest in and to the land, in-cluding any improvements thereto, shall revert, at the option of the Secretary, to and become the property of the United States, and the United States shall have the right of immediate entry onto such land. A determination by the Secretary under this subsection shall be made on the record after an opportunity for a hear-ing. (e) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The convey-ance of land under this section shall be accom-plished using a quit claim deed or other legal in-strument and upon terms and conditions mutu-ally satisfactory to the Secretary of the Air Force, after consulting with the Secretary of the Interior, and the Town, including such addi-tional terms and conditions as the Secretary of the Air Force, after consulting with the Sec-retary of the Interior, considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (f) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall require the Town to cover all costs (except costs for environmental remedi-ation of the property) to be incurred by the Sec-retary of the Air Force and by the Secretary of the Interior, or to reimburse the appropriate Secretary for such costs incurred by the Sec-retary, to carry out the conveyance under this section, including survey costs, costs for envi-ronmental documentation, and any other ad-ministrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected in advance of the Sec-retary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually in-curred by the Secretary to carry out the convey-ance, the appropriate Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Town. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reim-bursement for costs incurred by the Secretary of the Air Force or by the Secretary of the Interior to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs incurred by the ap-propriate Secretary in carrying out the convey-ance. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (g) S
UPERSEDENCE OF PUBLIC LANDORDERS .— Public Land Order Nos. 843 and 1405 are hereby superseded, but only insofar as the orders affect the lands conveyed to the Town under sub-section (a). 
SEC. 2833. EXCHANGE OF PROPERTY INTERESTS, SAN DIEGO UNIFIED PORT DISTRICT, CALIFORNIA. 
(a) E XCHANGE OF PROPERTY INTERESTS AU-
THORIZED .— (1) I
NTERESTS TO BE CONVEYED .—The Sec- retary of the Navy (hereafter referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may convey to the San Diego Uni-fied Port District (hereafter referred to as the ‘‘District’’) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real prop-erty, including any improvements thereon and, without limitation, any leasehold interests of the United States therein, consisting of approxi-mately 0.33 acres and identified as Parcel No. 4 on District Drawing No. 018–107 (April 2013). This parcel contains 48 parking spaces central to the mission conducted on the site of the Navy’s leasehold interest at 1220 Pacific High-way, San Diego, California. (2) I
NTERESTS TO BE ACQUIRED .—In exchange for the property interests described in paragraph (1), the Secretary may accept from the District property interests of equal value and similar utility, as determined by the Secretary, located within immediate proximity to the property de-scribed in paragraph (1), that provide the rights to an equivalent number of parking spaces of equal value (subject to subsection (c)(1)). (b) E
NCUMBRANCES .— (1) N
O ACCEPTANCE OF PROPERTY WITH ENCUM -
BRANCES PRECLUDING USE AS PARKING SPACES .— In an exchange of property interests under sub-section (a), the Secretary may not accept any property under subsection (a)(2) unless the property is free of encumbrances that would preclude the Department of the Navy from using the property for parking spaces, as determined under paragraph (2). (2) DETERMINATION OF FREEDOM FROM ENCUM -
BRANCES .—For purposes of paragraph (1), a property shall be considered to be free of encum-brances that would preclude the Department of the Navy from using the property for parking spaces if— (A) the District guarantees and certifies that the property is free of such encumbrances under its own authority to preclude the use of the property for parking spaces; and (B) the District obtains guarantees and certifi-cations from appropriate entities of the State and units of local government that the property is free of any such encumbrances that may be in place pursuant to the Tidelands Trust, the North Embarcadero Visionary Plan, the Down-town Community Plan, or any other law, regu-lation, plan or document. (c) E
QUALIZATION .— (1) T
RANSFER OF RIGHTS TO ADDITIONAL PARK -
ING SPACES .—If the value of the property inter-ests described in subsection (a)(1) is greater than the value of the property interests and rights to parking spaces described in subsection (a)(2), the values shall be equalized by the transfer to the Secretary of rights to additional parking spaces. (2) N
O AUTHORIZATION OF CASH EQUALIZATION  
PAYMENTS FROM SECRETARY .—If the value of the property interests and parking rights described in subsection (a)(2) are greater than the value of the property interests described in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary may not make a cash equalization payment to equalize the values. (d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall require the District to cover all costs to be in-curred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Sec-retary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the exchange of property interests under this section, including survey costs, costs related to environmental documentation, real es-tate due diligence such as appraisals and any other administrative costs related to the ex-change of property interests. If amounts are col-lected from the District in advance of the Sec-retary incurring the actual costs and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually in-curred by the Secretary to carry out the ex-change of property interests, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the District. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under para-graph (1) shall be credited to the fund or ac-count that was used to cover those costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the ex-change of property interests. Amounts so cred-ited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or ac-count. (e) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property in-terests to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by surveys satisfactory to the Sec-retary. (f) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The exchange of property interests under this section shall be accomplished using a lease, lease amendment, or other legal instrument and upon terms and con-ditions mutually satisfactory to the Secretary and the District, including such additional terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
SEC. 2834. RELEASE OF PROPERTY INTERESTS RETAINED IN CONNECTION WITH LAND CONVEYANCE, EGLIN AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA. 
(a) R ELEASE OF EXCEPTIONS , LIMITATIONS , 
ANDCONDITIONS IN DEEDS.—With respect to ap-proximately 126 acres of real property in Okaloosa County, Florida, more particularly de-scribed in subsection (b), which were conveyed by the United States to the Air Force Enlisted Mens’ Widows and Dependents Home Founda-tion, Incorporated (‘‘Air Force Enlisted Vil-lage’’), the Secretary of the Air Force may re-lease any and all exceptions, limitations, and conditions specified by the United States in the deeds conveying such real property. (b) PROPERTY DESCRIBED .—The real property subject to subsection (a) was part of Eglin Air Force, Florida, and consists of all parcels con-veyed in exchange for fair market value cash payment by the Air Force Enlisted Village pur-suant to section 809(c) of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act, 1979 (Public Law 95–356; 92 Stat. 587), as amended by section 2826 of the Military Construction Authorization Act, 1989 (Public Law 100–456; 102 Stat. 2123) and section 2861 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–261; 112 Stat. 2223). (c) I
NSTRUMENT OF RELEASE AND DESCRIPTION  
OFPROPERTY .—The Secretary may execute and record in the appropriate office a deed of re-lease, amended deed, or other appropriate in-strument reflecting the release of exceptions, limitations, and conditions under subsection (a). (d) P
AYMENT OF ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary may require the Air Force Enlisted Village to pay for any costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the release under sub-section (a), including survey costs, costs related to environmental documentation, and other ad-ministrative costs related to the release. If amounts paid to the Secretary in advance ex-ceed the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release, the Secretary shall re-fund the excess amount to the Air Force En-listed Village. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reim-bursement for costs incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release under subsection (a) shall be credited and made available to the Secretary as provided in section 2695(c) of title 10, United States Code. (e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the release of exceptions, limitations, and conditions under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appro-priate to protect the interests of the United States. 
SEC. 2835. LAND EXCHANGE, FORT HOOD, TEXAS. 
(a) E XCHANGE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of the Army may convey to the City of Copperas Cove, Texas (in this section referred to as the ‘‘City’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real prop-erty, including any improvements thereon, con-sisting of approximately 437 acres at Fort Hood, Texas, for the purpose of permitting the City to improve arterial transportation routes in the vi-cinity of Fort Hood and to promote economic de-velopment in the area of the City and Fort Hood. (b) C
ONSIDERATION .—As consideration for the conveyance under subsection (a), the City shall convey to the Secretary of the Army all right, title, and interest of the City in and to one or more parcels of real property that are acceptable to the Secretary. The fair market value of the real property acquired by the Secretary under this subsection shall be at least equal to the fair market value of the real property conveyed under subsection (a), as determined by apprais-als acceptable to the Secretary. (c) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the real prop-erty to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by surveys satisfactory to the Sec-retary of the Army. (d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2568 May 17, 2016 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Army shall require the City to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyances under this section, including survey costs related to the convey-ances. If amounts are collected from the City in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyances, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the City. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reim-bursement for costs incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyances under this section shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs incurred by the Sec-retary in carrying out the conveyances. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (e) A
DDITIONAL TERM AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary of the Army may require such addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyances under this section as the Sec-retary considers appropriate to protect the inter-ests of the United States. 
SEC. 2836. LAND CONVEYANCE, P-36 WAREHOUSE, COLBERN UNITED STATES ARMY RE-SERVE CENTER, LAREDO, TEXAS. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of the Army (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may convey, without consider-ation, to the Laredo Community College (in this section referred to as the ‘‘LCC’’) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the approximately 725 sq. ft. Historic Building, P-36 Warehouse, including any improvements there-on, at Colbern United States Army Reserve Cen-ter, Laredo, TX, for the purposes of educational use and historic preservation. (b) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall require the LCC to cover costs (except costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Sec-retary, to carry out the conveyance under sub-section (a), including survey costs, costs for en-vironmental documentation, and any other ad-ministrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the LCC in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the con-veyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the LCC. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under para-graph (1) shall be credited to the fund or ac-count that was used to cover those costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the con-veyance. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account (c) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be deter-mined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary. (d) R
EVERSIONARY INTEREST .— (1) R
EVERSION .—If the Secretary determines at any time that the property conveyed under sub-section (a) is not being used in accordance with the purpose of the conveyance specified in sub-section (a), all right, title, and interest in and to such property, including any improvements thereto, shall, at the option of the Secretary, re-vert to and become the property of the United States, and the United States shall have the right of immediate entry onto such property. A determination by the Secretary under this para-graph shall be made on the record after an op-portunity for a hearing. (2) PAYMENT OF CONSIDERATION IN LIEU OF RE -
VERSION .—In lieu of exercising the right of re-version retained under paragraph (1) with re-spect to the property conveyed under subsection (a), the Secretary may require the LCC to pay to the United States an amount equal to the fair market value of the property conveyed, as deter-mined by the Secretary. (3) T
REATMENT OF CASH CONSIDERATION .—Any cash payment received by the United States under paragraph (2) shall be deposited in the special account in the Treasury established under subsection (b) of section 572 of title 40, United States Code, and shall be available in accordance with paragraph (5)(B) of such sub-section. (e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS .—The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under sub-section (a) as the Secretary considers appro-priate to protect the interests of the United States. (f) C
OMPLIANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL  L
AWS.—Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to affect or limit the application of, or any obligation to comply with, any environ-mental law, including the Comprehensive Envi-ronmental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601). 
SEC. 2837. LAND CONVEYANCE, ST. GEORGE NA-TIONAL GUARD ARMORY, ST. GEORGE, UTAH. 
(a) L AND CONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of the Interior may convey, without consideration, to the State of Utah all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of public land in St. George, Utah, com-prising approximately 70 acres, as described in Public Land Order 6840 published in the Federal Register on March 29, 1991 (56 Fed. Reg. 13081), and containing the St. George National Guard Armory for the purpose of permitting the Utah National Guard to use the conveyed land for military purposes. (b) T
ERMINATION OF PRIOR ADMINISTRATIVE  A
CTION .—The Public Land Order described in subsection (a), which provided for a 20-year withdrawal of the public land described in the Public Land Order, is withdrawn upon convey-ance of the land under this section. (c) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under this section shall be deter-mined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Interior. (d) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The convey-ance under this section shall be accomplished using a quit claim deed or other legal instrument and upon terms and conditions mutually satis-factory to the Secretary of the Interior and the State of Utah, including such additional terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appro-priate to protect the interests of the United States. 
SEC. 2838. RELEASE OF RESTRICTIONS, RICH-LAND INNOVATION CENTER, RICH-LAND, WASHINGTON. 
(a) R ELEASE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Transportation, acting through the Maritime Administrator and in consultation with the Ad-ministrator of General Services, may, upon re-ceipt of full consideration as provided in sub-section (b), release all remaining right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including any improvements thereon, in Richland, Washington, consisting as of the date of the enactment of this Act of ap-proximately 71.5 acres and containing personal and real property, to the Port of Benton (here-after in this section referred to as the ‘‘Port’’). (b) C
ONSIDERATION .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION REQUIRED .—As consider-ation for the release under subsection (a), the Port shall provide an amount that is acceptable to the Secretary of Transportation, whether by cash payment, in-kind consideration as de-scribed under paragraph (2), or a combination thereof, at such time as the Secretary may re-quire. The Secretary may determine the level of acceptable consideration under this paragraph on the basis of the value of the restrictions re-leased under subsection (a), but only if the value of such restrictions is determined without regard to any improvements made by the Port. (2) IN-KIND CONSIDERATION .—In-kind consid-eration provided by the Port under paragraph (1) may include the acquisition, construction, provision, improvement, maintenance, repair, or restoration (including environmental restora-tion), or combination thereof, of any facility or infrastructure under the jurisdiction of any of-fice of the Federal government. (3) T
REATMENT OF CONSIDERATION RECEIVED .— Consideration in the form of cash payment re-ceived by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the separate fund in the Treasury described in section 572(a)(1) of title 40, United States Code. (c) P
AYMENT OF COST OF RELEASE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Transportation shall require the Port to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reim-burse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the release under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation related to the re-lease, and any other administrative costs related to the release. If amounts are collected from the Port in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Port. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under para-graph (1) shall be credited to the fund or ac-count that was used to cover the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the release under subsection (a) or, if the period of avail-ability of obligations for that appropriation has expired, to the appropriations of fund that is currently available to the Secretary for the same purpose. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the real prop-erty which is the subject of the release under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of Transportation. (e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary of Transportation may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the release under subsection (a) as the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Administrator of General Services, considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. Subtitle E—Military Land Withdrawals 
SEC. 2841. BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT WITH-DRAWN MILITARY LANDS UNDER MILITARY LANDS WITHDRAWAL ACT OF 1999. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF TERMINATION DATE AND  A
UTHORIZATION FOR TRANSFER OF ADMINISTRA -
TIVE JURISDICTION .—Subsection (a) of section 3015 of the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 892) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) P
ERMANENT WITHDRAWAL AND RESERVA -
TION; EFFECT OF TRANSFER ON WITHDRAWAL .— The withdrawal and reservation of lands by sec-tion 3011 shall terminate only as follows: ‘‘(1) Upon an election by the Secretary of the military department concerned to relinquish any or all of the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011. ‘‘(2) Upon a transfer by the Secretary of the Interior, under section 3016 and upon request by the Secretary of the military department con-cerned, of administrative jurisdiction over the land to the Secretary of the military department concerned. Such a transfer may consist of a por-tion of the land, in which case the termination 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2569 May 17, 2016 
of the withdrawal and reservation applies only with respect to the land so transferred.’’. (b) T
RANSFER PROCESS AND MANAGEMENT AND  U
SE OF LANDS.—The Military Lands With-drawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106–65) is further amended— (1) by redesignating sections 3022 and 3023 as sections 3027 and 3028, respectively; and (2) by striking sections 3016 through 3021 and inserting the following new sections: 
‘‘SEC. 3016. TRANSFER PROCESS. 
‘‘(a) T RANSFER AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of the Interior shall, upon the request of the Secretary concerned, transfer to the Secretary concerned administrative jurisdiction over the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, or a portion of the land as the Secretary concerned may request. ‘‘(b) V
ALID EXISTING RIGHTS .—The transfer of administrative jurisdiction under subsection (a) shall be subject to any valid existing rights. ‘‘(c) T
IME FOR CONVEYANCE .—The transfer of administrative jurisdiction under subsection (a) shall occur pursuant to a schedule agreed upon by the Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary concerned. ‘‘(d) M
AP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— ‘‘(1) P
REPARATION AND PUBLICATION .—The Secretary of the Interior shall publish in the Federal Register a legal description of the public land to be transferred under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary of the Interior shall file with the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives— ‘‘(A) a copy of the legal description prepared under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) the map referred to in subsection (a). ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY FOR PUBLIC INSPECTION .— Copies of the legal description and map filed under paragraph (2) shall be available for pub-lic inspection in the appropriate offices of— ‘‘(A) the Bureau of Land Management; ‘‘(B) the commanding officer of the installa-tion; and ‘‘(C) the Secretary concerned. ‘‘(4) F
ORCE OF LAW .—The legal description and map filed under paragraph (2) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary of the Interior may correct clerical and typographical errors in the legal description or map. ‘‘(5) R
EIMBURSEMENT OF COSTS .—Any transfer entered into pursuant to subsection (a) shall be made without reimbursement, except that the Secretary concerned shall reimburse the Sec-retary of the Interior for any costs incurred by the Secretary of the Interior to prepare the legal description and map under this subsection. 
‘‘SEC. 3017. ADMINISTRATION OF TRANSFERRED LAND. 
‘‘(a) T REATMENT AND USE OF TRANSFERRED  L
AND.—Upon the transfer of administrative ju-risdiction of land under section 3016— ‘‘(1) the land shall be treated as property (as defined in section 102(9) of title 40, United States Code) under the administrative jurisdic-tion of the Secretary concerned; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary concerned shall administer the land for military purposes. ‘‘(b) W
ITHDRAWAL OF MINERAL ESTATE .—Sub- ject to valid existing rights, land for which the administrative jurisdiction is transferred under section 3016 is withdrawn from all forms of ap-propriation under the public land laws, includ-ing the mining laws, the mineral leasing laws, and the geothermal leasing laws, for as long as the land is under the administrative jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned. ‘‘(c) I
NTEGRATED NATURAL RESOURCES MAN-
AGEMENT PLAN.—Not later than one year after the transfer of land under section 3016, the Sec-retary concerned, in cooperation with the Sec-retary of the Interior, shall prepare an inte-grated natural resources management plan pur-suant to the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670a et seq.) for the transferred land. ‘‘(d) RELATION TO GENERAL PROVISIONS .—Sec- tions 3018 through 3026 do not apply to lands transferred under section 3016 or to the manage-ment of such land. ‘‘(e) T
RANSFERS BETWEEN ARMED FORCES .— Nothing in this subtitle shall be construed as limiting the authority to transfer administrative jurisdiction over the land transferred under sec-tion 3016 to another armed force pursuant to section 2696 of title 10, United States Code, and the provisions of this section shall continue to apply to any such lands. 
‘‘SEC. 3018. GENERAL APPLICABILITY; DEFINI-TIONS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICABILITY .—Sections 3014 through 3028 apply to the lands withdrawn and reserved by section 3011 except— ‘‘(1) to the B-16 Range referred to in section 3011(a)(3)(A), for which only section 3019 ap-plies; ‘‘(2) to the ‘Shoal Site’ referred to in section 3011(a)(3)(B), for which sections 3014 through 3028 apply only to the surface estate; ‘‘(3) to the ‘Pahute Mesa’ area referred to in section 3011(b)(2); and ‘‘(4) to the Desert National Wildlife Refuge re-ferred to in section 3011(b)(5)— ‘‘(A) except for section 3024(b); and ‘‘(B) for which sections 3014 through 3028 shall only apply to the authorities and respon-sibilities of the Secretary of the Air Force under section 3011(b)(5). ‘‘(b) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subtitle assigns management of real prop-erty under the administrative jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned to the Secretary of the Inte-rior. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 479a). ‘‘(2) M
ANAGE ; MANAGEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
NCLUSIONS .—The terms ‘manage’ and ‘management’ include the authority to exercise jurisdiction, custody, and control over the lands withdrawn and reserved by section 3011. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—Such terms do not include authority for disposal of the lands withdrawn and reserved by section 3011. ‘‘(3) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘Sec-retary concerned’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
‘‘SEC. 3019. ACCESS RESTRICTIONS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY TO IMPOSE RESTRICTIONS .—If the Secretary concerned determines that mili-tary operations, public safety, or national secu-rity require the closure to the public of any road, trail, or other portion of land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, the Secretary may take such action as the Secretary determines to be necessary to implement and maintain the clo-sure. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—Any closure under sub-section (a) shall be limited to the minimum area and duration that the Secretary concerned de-termines are required for the purposes of the clo-sure. ‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), before a closure is implemented under this sec-tion, the Secretary concerned shall consult with the Secretary of the Interior. ‘‘(2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—Subject to paragraph (3), if a closure proposed under this section may af-fect access to or use of sacred sites or resources considered to be important by an Indian tribe, the Secretary concerned shall consult, at the earliest practicable date, with the affected In-dian tribe. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—No consultation shall be re-quired under paragraph (1) or (2)— ‘‘(A) if the closure is provided for in an inte-grated natural resources management plan, an installation cultural resources management plan, or a land use management plan; or ‘‘(B) in the case of an emergency, as deter-mined by the Secretary concerned. ‘‘(d) NOTICE .—Immediately preceding and during any closure implemented under sub-section (a), the Secretary concerned shall post appropriate warning notices and take other ap-propriate actions to notify the public of the clo-sure. 
‘‘SEC. 3020. CHANGES IN USE. 
‘‘(a) O THER USESAUTHORIZED .—In addition to the purposes described in section 3011, the Secretary concerned may authorize the use of land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011 for defense-related purposes. ‘‘(b) N
OTICE TO SECRETARY OF THE INTE-
RIOR.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary concerned shall promptly notify the Secretary of the Inte-rior if the land withdrawn and reserved by sec-tion 3011 is used for additional defense-related purposes. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A notification under paragraph (1) shall specify— ‘‘(A) each additional use; ‘‘(B) the planned duration of each additional use; and ‘‘(C) the extent to which each additional use would require that additional or more stringent conditions or restrictions be imposed on other-wise-permitted nondefense-related uses of the withdrawn and reserved land or portions of withdrawn and reserved land. 
‘‘SEC. 3021. BRUSH AND RANGE FIRE PREVENTION AND SUPPRESSION. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIRED ACTIVITIES .—Consistent with any applicable land management plan, the Sec-retary concerned shall take necessary pre-cautions to prevent, and actions to suppress, brush and range fires occurring as a result of military activities on the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, including fires that occur on other land that spread from the with-drawn and reserved land. ‘‘(b) C
OOPERATION OF SECRETARY OF THE IN-
TERIOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—At the request of the Sec-retary concerned, the Secretary of the Interior shall provide assistance in the suppression of fires under subsection (a). The Secretary con-cerned shall reimburse the Secretary of the Inte-rior for the costs incurred by the Secretary of the Interior in providing such assistance. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—Notwithstanding section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary concerned may transfer to the Sec-retary of the Interior, in advance, funds to be used to reimburse the costs of the Department of the Interior in providing assistance under this subsection. 
‘‘SEC. 3022. ONGOING DECONTAMINATION. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM OF DECONTAMINATION RE-
QUIRED .—During the period of a withdrawal and reservation of land by section 3011, the Sec-retary concerned shall maintain, to the extent funds are available to carry out this subsection, a program of decontamination of contamination caused by defense-related uses on the with-drawn land. The decontamination program shall be carried out consistent with applicable Federal and State law. ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Secretary of De-fense shall include in the annual report required by section 2711 of title 10, United States Code, a description of decontamination activities con-ducted under subsection (a). 
‘‘SEC. 3023. WATER RIGHTS. 
‘‘(a) N ORESERVATION OF WATER RIGHTS .— Nothing in this subtitle— ‘‘(1) establishes a reservation in favor of the United States with respect to any water or water right on the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011; or ‘‘(2) authorizes the appropriation of water on the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, except in accordance with applicable State law. ‘‘(b) E
FFECT ON PREVIOUSLY ACQUIRED OR RE-
SERVED WATER RIGHTS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2570 May 17, 2016 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section af-fects any water rights acquired or reserved by the United States before October 5, 1999, on the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY CONCERNED .— The Secretary concerned may exercise any water rights described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘SEC. 3024. HUNTING, FISHING, AND TRAPPING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2671 of title 10, United States Code, shall apply to all hunting, fishing, and trapping on the land— ‘‘(1) that is withdrawn and reserved by sec-tion 3011; and ‘‘(2) for which management of the land has been assigned to the Secretary concerned. ‘‘(b) D
ESERT NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE .— Hunting, fishing, and trapping within the Desert National Wildlife Refuge shall be con-ducted in accordance with the National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 668dd et seq.), the Recreation Use of Wildlife Areas Act of 1969 (16 U.S.C. 460k et seq.), and other laws applicable to the National Wildlife Refuge System. 
‘‘SEC. 3025. RELINQUISHMENT. 
‘‘(a) N OTICE OF INTENTION TO RELINQUISH .— If, during the period of withdrawal and reserva-tion made by section 3011, the Secretary con-cerned decides to relinquish any or all of the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, the Secretary concerned shall submit to the Sec-retary of the Interior notice of the intention to relinquish the land. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTAMINATION .— The Secretary concerned shall include in the no-tice submitted under subsection (a) a written de-termination concerning whether and to what ex-tent the land that is to be relinquished is con-taminated with explosive materials or toxic or hazardous substances. ‘‘(c) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—The Secretary of the In-terior shall publish in the Federal Register the notice of intention to relinquish the land under this section, including the determination con-cerning the contaminated state of the land. ‘‘(d) D
ECONTAMINATION OF LAND TO BERE-
LINQUISHED .— ‘‘(1) D
ECONTAMINATION REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary concerned shall decontaminate land sub-ject to a notice of intention under subsection (a) to the extent that funds are appropriated for that purpose, if— ‘‘(A) the land subject to the notice of inten-tion is contaminated, as determined by the Sec-retary concerned; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary of the Interior, in consulta-tion with the Secretary concerned, determines that— ‘‘(i) decontamination is practicable and eco-nomically feasible, after taking into consider-ation the potential future use and value of the contaminated land; and ‘‘(ii) on decontamination of the land, the land could be opened to operation of some or all of the public land laws, including the mining laws, the mineral leasing laws, and the geothermal leasing laws. ‘‘(2) A
LTERNATIVES TO RELINQUISHMENT .—The Secretary of the Interior shall not be required to accept the land proposed for relinquishment under subsection (a), if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the Interior, after con-sultation with the Secretary concerned, deter-mines that— ‘‘(i) decontamination of the land is not prac-ticable or economically feasible; or ‘‘(ii) the land cannot be decontaminated suffi-ciently to be opened to operation of some or all of the public land laws; or ‘‘(B) sufficient funds are not appropriated for the decontamination of the land. ‘‘(3) S
TATUS OF CONTAMINATED LAND PRO -
POSED TO BE RELINQUISHED .—If, because of the contaminated state of the land, the Secretary of the Interior declines to accept land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011 that has been pro-posed for relinquishment— ‘‘(A) the Secretary concerned shall take ap-propriate steps to warn the public of— ‘‘(i) the contaminated state of the land; and ‘‘(ii) any risks associated with entry onto the land; ‘‘(B) the Secretary concerned shall submit to the Secretary of the Interior and Congress a re-port describing— ‘‘(i) the status of the land; and ‘‘(ii) any actions taken under this paragraph. ‘‘(e) REVOCATION AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of the Inte-rior determines that it is in the public interest to accept the land proposed for relinquishment under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Inte-rior may order the revocation of a withdrawal and reservation made by section 3011. ‘‘(2) R
EVOCATION ORDER .—To carry out a rev-ocation under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Interior shall publish in the Federal Register a revocation order that— ‘‘(A) terminates the withdrawal and reserva-tion; ‘‘(B) constitutes official acceptance of the land by the Secretary of the Interior; and ‘‘(C) specifies the date on which the land will be opened to the operation of some or all of the public land laws, including the mining laws, the mineral leasing laws, and the geothermal leas-ing laws. ‘‘(f) A
CCEPTANCE BY SECRETARY OF THE INTE-
RIOR.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section re-quires the Secretary of the Interior to accept the land proposed for relinquishment if the Sec-retary determines that the land is not suitable for return to the public domain. ‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—If the Secretary makes a deter-mination that the land is not suitable for return to the public domain, the Secretary shall pro-vide notice of the determination to Congress. 
‘‘SEC. 3026. EFFECT OF TERMINATION OF MILI-TARY USE. 
‘‘(a) N OTICE AND EFFECT .—Upon a determina-tion by the Secretary concerned that there is no longer a military need for all or portions of the land for which administrative jurisdiction was transferred under section 3016, the Secretary concerned shall notify the Secretary of the Inte-rior of such determination. Subject to sub-sections (b), (c), and (d), the Secretary con-cerned shall transfer administrative jurisdiction over the land subject to such a notice back to the administrative jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior. ‘‘(b) C
ONTAMINATION .—Before transmitting a notice under subsection (a), the Secretary con-cerned shall prepare a written determination concerning whether and to what extent the land to be transferred is contaminated with explosive materials or toxic or hazardous substances. A copy of the determination shall be transmitted with the notice. Copies of the notice and the de-termination shall be published in the Federal Register. ‘‘(c) D
ECONTAMINATION .—The Secretary con-cerned shall decontaminate any contaminated land that is the subject of a notice under sub-section (a) if— ‘‘(1) the Secretary of the Interior, in consulta-tion with the Secretary concerned, determines that— ‘‘(A) decontamination is practicable and eco-nomically feasible (taking into consideration the potential future use and value of the land); and ‘‘(B) upon decontamination, the land could be opened to operation of some or all of the public land laws, including the mining laws; and ‘‘(2) funds are appropriated for such decon-tamination. ‘‘(d) N
OREQUIRED ACCEPTANCE .—The Sec- retary of the Interior is not required to accept land proposed for transfer under subsection (a) if the Secretary of the Interior is unable to make the determinations under subsection (c)(1) or if Congress does not appropriate a sufficient amount of funds for the decontamination of the land. ‘‘(e) ALTERNATIVE DISPOSAL .—If the Secretary of the Interior declines to accept land proposed for transfer under subsection (a), the Secretary concerned shall dispose of the land in accord-ance with property disposal procedures estab-lished by law.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 3014 of the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 890) is amended by striking subsections (b), (d), and (f). (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 885) is amended by striking the items relating to sections 3016 through 3023 and inserting the following new items: ‘‘Sec. 3016. Transfer process. ‘‘Sec. 3017. Administration of transferred land. ‘‘Sec. 3018. General applicability; definitions. ‘‘Sec. 3019. Access restrictions. ‘‘Sec. 3020. Changes in use. ‘‘Sec. 3021. Brush and range fire prevention and suppression. ‘‘Sec. 3022. Ongoing decontamination. ‘‘Sec. 3023. Water rights. ‘‘Sec. 3024. Hunting, fishing, and trapping. ‘‘Sec. 3025. Relinquishment. ‘‘Sec. 3026. Effect of termination of military use. ‘‘Sec. 3027. Use of mineral materials. ‘‘Sec. 3028. Immunity of United States.’’. 
SEC. 2842. PERMANENT WITHDRAWAL OR TRANS-FER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC-TION OF PUBLIC LAND, NAVAL AIR WEAPONS STATION CHINA LAKE, CALIFORNIA. 
Section 2979 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1044) is amended by striking ‘‘on March 31, 2039.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘only as follows: ‘‘(1) If the Secretary of the Navy makes an election to terminate the withdrawal and res-ervation of the public land. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary of the Interior, upon re-quest by the Secretary of the Navy, transfers ad-ministrative jurisdiction over the public land to the Secretary of the Navy. A transfer under this paragraph may consist of a portion of the land, in which case the termination of the withdrawal and reservation applies only with respect to the land so transferred.’’. Subtitle F—Military Memorials, Monuments, and Museums 
SEC. 2851. CYBER CENTER FOR EDUCATION AND INNOVATION–HOME OF THE NA-TIONAL CRYPTOLOGIC MUSEUM. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO ESTABLISH AND OPERATE  C
ENTER .—Chapter 449 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘§ 4781. Cyber Center for Education and Inno-vation–Home of the National Cryptologic Museum ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense may establish at a publicly accessible loca-tion at Fort George G. Meade the ‘Cyber Center for Education and Innovation–Home of the Na-tional Cryptologic Museum’ (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘Center’). The Center may be used for the identification, curation, storage, and public viewing of materials relating to the activities of the National Security Agency, its predecessor or successor organizations, and the history of cryptology. The Center may contain meeting, conference, and classroom facilities that will be used to support such education, training, public outreach, and other purposes as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(b) D
ESIGN , C ONSTRUCTION , AND OPER-
ATION .—The Secretary may enter into an agree-ment with the National Cryptologic Museum Foundation (in this section referred to as the ‘Foundation’), a nonprofit organization, for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2571 May 17, 2016 
design, construction, and operation of the Cen-ter. ‘‘(c) A
CCEPTANCE AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) A
CCEPTANCE OF FACILITY .—If the Foun-dation constructs the Center pursuant to an agreement with the Foundation under sub-section (b), upon satisfactory completion of the Center’s construction or any phase thereof, as determined by the Secretary, and upon full sat-isfaction by the Foundation of any other obliga-tions pursuant to such agreement, the Secretary may accept the Center (or any phase thereof) from the Foundation, and all right, title, and interest in the Center or such phase shall vest in the United States. ‘‘(2) A
CCEPTANCE OF SERVICES .—Notwith- standing section 1342 of title 31, the Secretary may accept services from the Foundation in con-nection with the design, construction, and oper-ation of the Center. For purposes of this section and any other provision of law, employees or personnel of the Foundation shall not be consid-ered to be employees of the United States. ‘‘(d) F
EES AND USERCHARGES .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY TO ASSESS FEES AND USER  
CHARGES .—Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary, the Director may assess fees and user charges sufficient to cover the cost of the use of Center facilities and property, including rental, user, conference, and concession fees, except that the Director may not assess fees for general admission to the National Cryptologic Museum. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts received by the Director under paragraph (1) shall be deposited into the Fund established under subsection (e). ‘‘(e) F
UND.— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Upon the Secretary’s acceptance of the Center under subsection (c)(1), there is established in the Treasury a fund to be known as the ‘Cyber Center for Edu-cation and Innovation–Home of the National Cryptologic Museum Fund’ (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘Fund’). ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Fund shall consist of the following amounts: ‘‘(A) Fees and user charges deposited by the Director under subsection (d). ‘‘(B) Any other amounts received by the Di-rector which are attributable to the operation of the Center. ‘‘(C) Such amounts as may be appropriated under law. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUND .—Amounts in the Fund shall be available to the Director for the benefit and operation of the Center, including the costs of operation and the acquisition of books, manuscripts, works of art, historical artifacts, drawings, plans, models, and condemned or ob-solete combat materiel. ‘‘(4) C
ONTINUING AVAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .— Amounts in the Fund shall be available without fiscal year limitation.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘4781. Cyber Center for Education and Innova-tion–Home of the National Cryptologic Museum.’’. 
SEC. 2852. RENAMING SITE OF THE DAYTON AVIA-TION HERITAGE NATIONAL HISTOR-ICAL PARK, OHIO. 
Section 101(b)(5) of the Dayton Aviation Her-itage Preservation Act of 1992 (16 U.S.C. 410ww(b)(5)) is amended by striking ‘‘Aviation Center’’ and inserting ‘‘National Museum’’. 
SEC. 2853. SUPPORT FOR MILITARY SERVICE ME-MORIALS AND MUSEUMS HIGH-LIGHTING ROLE OF WOMEN IN THE MILITARY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF SUPPORT .—Subject to appropriation, the Secretary of Defense may provide financial support for military service memorials and museums in the acquisition, in-stallation, and maintenance of exhibits, facili-ties, and programs that highlight the role of women in the military. (b) A
GREEMENT WITHNONPROFIT ORGANIZA -
TIONS .— (1) AUTHORIZATION OF AGREEMENT .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary may carry out subsection (a) by entering into contracts with nonprofit organizations under which such an organization shall carry out the activities de-scribed in such subsection. (2) R
EPORT REQUIRED PRIOR TO AGREEMENT .— The Secretary may not enter into a contract under paragraph (1) until the congressional de-fense committees have received a report from the Secretary that describes how the use of such a contract will help educate and inform the public on the history and mission of the military, or support training and leadership development of military personnel, and is in the best interests of the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 2854. PETERSBURG NATIONAL BATTLEFIELD BOUNDARY MODIFICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The boundary of the Peters-burg National Battlefield is modified to include the land and interests in land as generally de-picted on the map titled ‘‘Petersburg National Battlefield Proposed Boundary Expansion’’, numbered 325/80,080, and dated March 2016. The map shall be on file and available for public in-spection in the appropriate offices of the Na-tional Park Service. (b) A
CQUISITION OF PROPERTIES .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Interior (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) is authorized to acquire the land and interests in land, described in subsection (a), from willing sellers only, by donation, purchase with do-nated or appropriated funds, exchange, or transfer. (2) N
O USE OF CONDEMNATION .—The Secretary may not acquire by condemnation any land or interest in land under this Act or for the pur-poses of this Act. (3) N
O BUFFER ZONE CREATED .—Nothing in this Act, the acquisition of the land or an inter-est in land authorized under subsection (a), or the management plan for the Petersburg Na-tional Battlefield (including the acquired land) shall be construed to create buffer zones outside the Petersburg National Battlefield. That activi-ties or uses can be seen, heard, or detected from the acquired land shall not preclude, limit, con-trol, regulate, or determine the conduct or man-agement of activities or uses outside of the Pe-tersburg National Battlefield. (4) W
RITTEN CONSENT OF THE OWNER .—No non-Federal property may be included in the Petersburg National Battlefield without the written consent of the owner. (5) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 313(a) of the National Parks and Recreation Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–625; 92 Stat. 3479) is amended by striking ‘‘twenty-one’’ and inserting ‘‘twenty- five’’. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary shall ad-minister any land or interests in land acquired under subsection (b) as part of the Petersburg National Battlefield in accordance with applica-ble laws and regulations. (d) A
DMINISTRATIVE JURISDICTION TRANS-
FER.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is transferred— (A) from the Secretary to the Secretary of the Army administrative jurisdiction over the ap-proximately 1.170-acre parcel of land depicted as ‘‘Area to be transferred to Fort Lee Military Reservation’’ on the map described in para-graph (2); and (B) from the Secretary of the Army to the Sec-retary administrative jurisdiction over the ap-proximately 1.171-acre parcel of land depicted as ‘‘Area to be transferred to Petersburg National Battlefield’’ on the map described in paragraph (2). (2) M
AP.—The land to be exchanged is de-picted on the map titled ‘‘Petersburg National Battlefield Proposed Transfer of Administrative Jurisdiction’’, numbered 325/80,801A, dated March 2016. The map shall be on file and avail-able for public inspection in the appropriate of-fices of the National Park Service. (3) CONDITIONS OF TRANSFER .—The transfer of administrative jurisdiction under paragraph (1) shall be subject to the following conditions: (A) N
O REIMBURSEMENT OR CONSIDERATION .— The transfer shall occur without reimbursement or consideration. (B) M
ANAGEMENT .—The land transferred to the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be in-cluded within the boundary of the Petersburg National Battlefield and administered as part of that park in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, and the land transferred to the Secretary of the Army shall be excluded from the boundary of the Petersburg National Battle-field. 
SEC. 2855. AMENDMENTS TO THE NATIONAL HIS-TORIC PRESERVATION ACT. 
Section 101(a) of the National Historic Preser-vation Act (16 U.S.C. 470a(a)) is amended as fol-lows: (1) In paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) notifying the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the United States House of Represent-atives and the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources of the Senate if the property is owned by the Federal Government when the property is being considered for inclusion on the National Register, for designation as a National Historic Landmark, or for nomination to the World Heritage List.’’. (2) By redesignating paragraphs (7) and (8) as paragraphs (8) and (9), respectively. (3) By inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(7) If the head of the agency managing any Federal property objects to such inclusion or designation for reasons of national security, such as any impact the inclusion or designation would have on use of the property for military training or readiness purposes, that Federal property shall be neither included on the Na-tional Register nor designated as a National Historic Landmark until the objection is with-drawn.’’. (4) By adding after paragraph (9) (as so redes-ignated by paragraph (2) of this section) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) The Secretary shall promulgate regula-tions to allow for expedited removal of Federal property listed on the National Register of His-toric Places if the managing agency of that Fed-eral property submits to the Secretary a written request to remove the Federal property from the National Register of Historic Places for reasons of national security, such as any impact the in-clusion or designation would have on use of the property for military training or readiness pur-poses.’’. 
SEC. 2856. RECOGNITION OF THE NATIONAL MU-SEUM OF WORLD WAR II AVIATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) World War II was one of the most impor-tant events in the history of the Nation, a time of moral clarity and common purpose that re-mains today as an inspiration to all people in the United States. (2) The role of aviation was a critical factor in the success of winning World War II and defeat-ing the enemies worldwide. (3) The bravery, courage, dedication, and her-oism of World War II aviators and support per-sonnel was an important element in the winning of World War II. (4) The National Museum of World War II Aviation in Colorado Springs, Colorado, exists to help preserve and promote an understanding of the role of aviation in winning World War II. (5) The National Museum of World War II Aviation is dedicated to celebrating the spirit of the United States, recognizing the teamwork, collaboration, patriotism, and courage of the men and women who fought, as well as those on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2572 May 17, 2016 
the homefront who mobilized and supported the national aviation effort. (b) C
ONDITIONS ON RECOGNITION OF AMERICA ’S N
ATIONAL WORLD WARII A VIATION MUSEUM .— The Secretary of the Air Force, Secretary of the Navy, and Secretary of the Army shall— (1) each provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate evaluating the suitability of the museum for recognition as a national mu-seum; and (2) each certify to such Committees that the museum is suitable for such recognition. (c) E
LEMENTS OF CERTIFICATION .—The Sec- retary of the Air Force, Secretary of the Navy, and Secretary of the Army shall provide the cer-tification under subsection (b)(2) only if each certifies that each of the following is correct: (1) The museum possesses the infrastructure necessary to maintain and preserve military cul-tural resources. (2) The museum is accredited. (3) The museum prevents the private use of any item donated to the museum. (4) The museum applies industry standards for the preservation of military cultural re-sources. (5) The museum employs sufficient staff, trained to industry standards, to ensure the preservation of military cultural resources. Subtitle G—Designations and Other Matters 
SEC. 2861. DESIGNATION OF PORTION OF MOFFETT FEDERAL AIRFIELD, CALI-FORNIA, AS MOFFETT AIR NATIONAL GUARD BASE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The 111-acre cantonment area at Moffett Federal Airfield, California, uti-lized by the 129th Rescue Wing of the California Air National Guard shall be known and des-ignated as ‘‘Moffett Air National Guard Base’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, other record of the United States to the cantonment area at Moffett Federal Airfield described in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a reference to Moffett Air National Guard Base. 
SEC. 2862. REDESIGNATION OF MIKE O’CALLAGHAN FEDERAL MEDICAL CENTER. 
Section 2867 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 (division B of Public Law 104-201; 110 Stat. 2806), as amend-ed by section 8135(a) of the Department of De-fense Appropriations Act, 1997 (section 101(b) of division A of the Omnibus Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 1997 (Public Law 104-208; 110 Stat. 3009-118)), and as amended by section 2862 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112- 81; 125 Stat. 1701) is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Mike O’Callaghan Federal Medical Center’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘Mike O’Callaghan Military Medical Center’’; and (2) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
MIKE  
O’CALLAGHAN ’’ and all that follows and insert-ing ‘‘
MIKE O ’CALLAGHAN MILITARY MEDICAL CEN -
TER.’’. 
SEC. 2863. TRANSFER OF CERTAIN ITEMS OF THE OMAR BRADLEY FOUNDATION TO THE DESCENDANTS OF GENERAL OMAR BRADLEY. 
(a) T RANSFER AUTHORIZED .—The Omar Brad-ley Foundation, Pennsylvania, may transfer, without consideration, to the child of General of the Army Omar Nelson Bradley and his first wife Mary Elizabeth Quayle Bradley, namely Elizabeth Bradley, such items of the Omar Bradley estate under the control of the Founda-tion as the Secretary of the Army determines to be without historic value to the Army. (b) T
IME OF SUBMITTAL OF CLAIM FOR TRANS-
FER.—No item may be transferred under sub-section (a) unless the claim for the transfer of such item is submitted to the Omar Bradley Foundation during the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 2864. PROTECTION AND RECOVERY OF GREATER SAGE GROUSE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) FEDERAL RESOURCE MANAGEMENT PLAN .— The term ‘‘Federal resource management plan’’ means— (A) a land use plan prepared by the Bureau of Land Management for public lands pursuant to section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); or (B) a land and resource management plan prepared by the Forest Service for National For-est System lands pursuant to section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). (2) G
REATER SAGE GROUSE .—The term ‘‘Great-er Sage Grouse’’ means a sage grouse of the spe-cies Centrocercus urophasianus. (3) S
TATE MANAGEMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘State management plan’’ means a State-ap-proved plan for the protection and recovery of the Greater Sage Grouse. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is— (1) to facilitate implementation of State man-agement plans over a period of multiple, con-secutive Greater Sage Grouse life cycles; and (2) to demonstrate the efficacy of the State management plans for the protection and recov-ery of the Greater Sage Grouse. (c) D
ELAY IN MAKING ENDANGERED SPECIES  A
CT OF 1973 F INDING .— (1) D
ELAY REQUIRED .—In the case of any State with a State management plan, the Sec-retary of the Interior may not make a finding under clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of section 4(b)(3)(B) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533(b)(3)(B)) with respect to the Greater Sage Grouse in that State before September 30, 2026. (2) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS .—The delay im-posed by paragraph (1) is, and shall remain, ef-fective without regard to any other statute, reg-ulation, court order, legal settlement, or any other provision of law or in equity. (3) E
FFECT ON CONSERVATION STATUS .—Until the date specified in paragraph (1), the con-servation status of the Greater Sage Grouse shall remain not warranted for listing under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). (d) C
OORDINATION OF FEDERAL LAND MAN-
AGEMENT AND STATE MANAGEMENT PLANS.— (1) P
ROHIBITION ON WITHDRAWALS AND MODI -
FICATIONS OF FEDERAL RESOURCE MANAGEMENT  
PLANS .—In order to foster coordination between a State management plan and Federal resource management plans that affect the Greater Sage Grouse, upon notification by the Governor of a State with a State management plan, the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture, as applicable, may not exercise author-ity under section 204 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1714) to make, modify, or extend any withdrawal, nor amend or otherwise modify any Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal land in the State, in a manner inconsistent with the State management plan for a period, to be speci-fied by the Governor in the notification, of at least five years beginning on the date of the no-tification. (2) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECT .—In the case of any State that provides notification under para-graph (1), if any withdrawal was made, modi-fied, or extended or if any amendment or modi-fication of a Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal lands in the State was issued during the three-year period preceding the date of the notification and the withdrawal, amendment, or modification altered manage-ment of the Greater Sage Grouse or its habitat, implementation and operation of the with-drawal, amendment, or modification shall be stayed to the extent that the withdrawal, amendment, or modification is inconsistent with the State management plan. The Federal re-source management plan, as in effect imme-diately before the amendment or modification, shall apply instead with respect to management of the Greater Sage Grouse and its habitat, to the extent consistent with the State management plan. (3) DETERMINATION OF INCONSISTENCY .—Any disagreement regarding whether a withdrawal, or an amendment or other modification of a Federal resource management plan, is incon-sistent with a State management plan shall be resolved by the Governor of the affected State. (e) R
ELATION TO NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL  P
OLICY ACT OF 1969.—With regard to any major Federal action consistent with a State manage-ment plan, any findings, analyses, or conclu-sions regarding the Greater Sage Grouse or its habitat under section 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)(C)) shall not have a preclusive effect on the approval or implementation of the major Federal action in that State. (f) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter through 2026, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall jointly submit to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on the Secretaries’ implementation and effectiveness of systems to monitor the status of Greater Sage Grouse on Federal lands under their jurisdic-tion. (g) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding any other provision of statute or regulation, the re-quirements and implementation of this section, including determinations made under subsection (d)(3), are not subject to judicial review. 
SEC. 2865. IMPLEMENTATION OF LESSER PRAI-RIE-CHICKEN RANGE-WIDE CON-SERVATION PLAN AND OTHER CON-SERVATION MEASURES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
ANDIDATE CONSERVATION AGREEMENTS .— The terms ‘‘Candidate Conservation Agreement’’ and ‘‘Candidate and Conservation Agreement With Assurances’’ have the meaning given those terms in— (A) the announcement of the Department of the Interior and the Department of Commerce entitled ‘‘Announcement of Final Policy for Candidate Conservation Agreements with Assur-ances’’ (64 Fed. Reg. 32726 (June 17, 1999)); and (B) sections 17.22(d) and 17.32(d) of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). (2) R
ANGE-WIDE PLAN .—The term ‘‘Range- Wide Plan’’ means the Lesser Prairie-Chicken Range-Wide Conservation Plan of the Western Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, as endorsed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service on October 23, 2013, and published for comment on January 29, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 4652). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON TREATMENT AS THREAT -
ENED OR ENDANGERED SPECIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any prior action by the Secretary, the lesser prairie-chick-en shall not be treated as a threatened species or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) before December 31, 2022. (2) P
ROHIBITION ON PROPOSAL .—Effective be-ginning on January 1, 2023, the lesser prairie- chicken may not be treated as a threatened spe-cies or endangered species under the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) unless the Secretary publishes a determination, based on the totality of the scientific evidence, that conservation (as that term is used in that Act) under the Range-Wide Plan and the agree-ments, programs, and efforts referred to in sub-section (c) have not achieved the conservation goals established by the Range-Wide Plan. (c) M
ONITORING OF PROGRESS OF CONSERVA -
TION PROGRAMS .—The Secretary shall monitor and annually submit to Congress a report on progress in conservation of the lesser prairie- chicken under the Range-Wide Plan and all re-lated— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2573 May 17, 2016 
(1) Candidate Conservation Agreements and Candidate and Conservation Agreements With Assurances; (2) other Federal conservation programs ad-ministered by the United States Fish and Wild-life Service, the Bureau of Land Management, and the Department of Agriculture; (3) State conservation programs; and (4) private conservation efforts. SEC. 2866. REMOVAL OF ENDANGERED SPECIES STATUS FOR AMERICAN BURYING BEETLE. 
Notwithstanding the final rule of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service entitled ‘‘En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Determination of Endangered Status for the American Burying Beetle’’ (54 Fed. Reg. 29652 (July 13, 1989)), the American burying beetle shall not be listed as a threatened species or en-dangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION SEC. 2901. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out the military construction projects for the installations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the fol-lowing table: 
Navy: Outside the United States Country Installation Amount 
Djibouti ........................................................ Camp Lemonier .................................................. ................................................... $37,409,000 
Iceland ......................................................... Keflavik ....................................................... ......................................................... $19,600,000 
SEC. 2902. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out the military con-struction projects for the installations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States Country Installation Amount 
Bulgaria ....................................................... Graf Ignatievo .................................................. ..................................................... $13,400,000 
Djibouti ........................................................ Chabelley Airfield ............................................. ..................................................... $10,500,000 
Estonia ......................................................... Amari Air Base ................................................. ..................................................... $6,500,000 
Germany ....................................................... Spangdahlem Air Base ............................................. .............................................. $18,700,000 
Lithuania ..................................................... Siauliai ......................................................... ........................................................ $3,000,000 
Poland .......................................................... Powidz Air Base ................................................ .................................................... $4,100,000 
Lask Air Base ....................................................................................................... $4,100,000 
Romania ....................................................... Campia Turzii .................................................... ................................................... $18,500,000 
SEC. 2903. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2016, for the military construction projects outside the United States authorized by this title as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4602 and 4603. TITLE XXX—UTAH TEST AND TRAINING RANGE ENCROACHMENT PREVENTION AND TEMPORARY CLOSURE AUTHORI-TIES 
SEC. 3001. FINDINGS AND DEFINITIONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the testing and development of military weapons systems and the training of military forces are critical to ensuring the national secu-rity of the United States; (2) the Utah Test and Training Range is a unique and irreplaceable national asset at the core of the test and training mission of the De-partment of Defense; (3) continued access to the special use air-space and land that comprise the Utah Test and Training Range, under the terms and conditions described in this title is a national security pri-ority; (4) multiple use of, sustained yield activities on, and access to the BLM land are vital to the customs, culture, economy, ranching, grazing, and transportation interests of the counties in which the BLM land is situated; and (5) the limited use by the military of the BLM land and airspace above the BLM land is vital to improving and maintaining the readiness of the Armed Forces. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this title: (1) BLM 
LAND .—The term ‘‘BLM land’’ means the Bureau of Land Management land in the State comprising approximately 625,643 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Utah Test and Training Range Enhancement/West Desert Land Exchange’’ and dated February 12, 2016. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (3) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Utah. (4) UTAH TEST AND TRAINING RANGE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Utah Test and Training Range’’ means the portions of the mili-tary land and airspace operating area of the Utah Test and Training Area that are located in the State. (B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘‘Utah Test and Training Range’’ includes the Dugway Proving Ground. Subtitle A—Utah Test and Training Range 
SEC. 3011. MANAGEMENT OF BLM LAND. 
(a) M EMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT .— (1) D
RAFT.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Secretary of the Air Force shall com-plete a draft of the memorandum of agreement required under paragraph (2). (B) P
UBLIC COMMENT PERIOD .—During the 30- day period beginning on the date on which the draft memorandum of agreement is completed under subparagraph (A), there shall be an op-portunity for public comment on the draft memorandum of agreement, including an oppor-tunity for the Utah Test and Training Range Community Resource Group established under section 3013(a) to provide comments on the draft memorandum of agreement. (2) R
EQUIREMENT ; DEADLINE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary and the Secretary of the Air Force shall enter into a memorandum of agreement that provides for the continued management of the BLM land by the Secretary, in a manner that provides for the limited use of the BLM land by the Secretary of the Air Force, consistent with this title. (B) S
IGNATURES REQUIRED .—The terms of the memorandum of agreement, including a tem-porary closure of the BLM land under the memorandum of agreement, may not be carried out until the date on which all parties to the memorandum of agreement have signed the memorandum of agreement. (3) M
ANAGEMENT BY SECRETARY .—The memo-randum of agreement under paragraph (2) shall provide that the Secretary (acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management) shall continue to manage the BLM land— (A) as land described in section 6901(1)(B) of title 31, United States Code; (B) for multiple use and sustained yield goals and activities as required under sections 102(a)(7) and 202(c)(1) of the Federal Land Pol-icy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701(a)(7), 1712(c)(1)) and defined in section 103 of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1702), including all prin-cipal or major uses on Federal land recognized pursuant to the definition of the term in section 103 of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1702); (C) in accordance with section 202 of the Fed-eral Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); and (D) subject to use by the Secretary of the Air Force provided under section 3012 for— (i) the preservation of the Utah Test and Training Range against current and future en-croachments that the Secretary of the Air Force finds to be incompatible with current and future test and training requirements; (ii) the testing of— (I) advanced weapon systems, including cur-rent weapons systems, 5th generation weapon systems, and future weapon systems; and (II) the standoff distance for weapons; (iii) the testing and evaluation of hypersonic weapons; (iv) increased public safety for civilians ac-cessing the BLM land; and (v) other purposes relating to meeting national security needs. (b) MAP.—The Secretary may correct any minor errors in the map. (c) L
ANDUSEPLANS.—Any land use plan in existence on the date of enactment of this Act that applies to the BLM land shall continue to apply to the BLM land. (d) M
AINTAIN CURRENT USES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subsection (a)(3)(D), the memorandum of agreement en-tered into under subsection (a) and the land use plans described in subsection (c) shall not di-minish any major or principle use that is recog-nized pursuant to section 103(l) of the Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2574 May 17, 2016 
Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702(l)), except to the extent authorized in subsection (a). (2) A
CTIONS BY SECRETARY OF THE AIR  
FORCE .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall— (A) if corrective action is necessary due to an action of the Air Force, as determined by the Secretary of the Air Force, render the BLM land safe for public use; and (B) appropriately communicate the safety of the land to the Secretary once the BLM land is rendered safe for public use. (e) G
RAZING .— (1) N
EW GRAZING LEASES AND PERMITS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall issue and administer any new grazing lease or permit on the BLM land, in accordance with applicable law (including regulations) and other authori-ties applicable to livestock grazing on Bureau of Land Management land. (B) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND LEVELS .—The Sec- retary (acting through the Director of the Bu-reau of Land Management) shall continue to issue and administer livestock grazing leases and permits on the non-Federal land described in section 3022(3), subject to the requirements described in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (2). (2) E
XISTING GRAZING LEASES AND PERMITS .— Any livestock grazing lease or permit applicable to the BLM land that is in existence on the date of enactment of this Act shall continue in ef-fect— (A) at the number of permitted animal unit months authorized under current applicable land use plans; (B) if range conditions permit, at levels great-er than the level of active use; and (C) subject to such reasonable increases and decreases of active use of animal unit months and other reasonable regulations, policies, and practices as the Secretary may consider appro-priate based on rangeland conditions. (f) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING ON  E
MERGENCY ACCESS AND RESPONSE .—Nothing in this section precludes the continuation of the memorandum of understanding that is between the Department of the Interior and the Depart-ment of the Air Force with respect to emergency access and response, as in existence as of the date of enactment of this Act. (g) W
ITHDRAWAL .—Subject to valid existing rights, the BLM land is withdrawn from all forms of appropriation under the public land laws, including the mining laws, the mineral leasing laws, and the geothermal leasing laws. (h) L
IMITATION ON FUTURE RIGHTS -OF-WAY 
ORUSEPERMITS .—The Secretary may not issue any new use permits or rights-of-way on the BLM land for any purposes that the Secretary of the Air Force determines to be incompatible with current or projected military requirements, with consideration given to the rangeland im-provements under section 3015(h). (i) G
RAZING AND RANCHING .—Efforts described in this title to facilitate grazing and ranching on the BLM land and the non-Federal land de-scribed in section 3022(3) shall be considered to be compatible with mission requirements of the Utah Test and Training Range. 
SEC. 3012. TEMPORARY CLOSURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary of the Air Force determines that military operations (in-cluding operations relating to the fulfillment of the mission of the Utah Test and Training Range), public safety, or national security re-quire the temporary closure to public use of any road, trail, or other portion of the BLM land, the Secretary of the Air Force may take such ac-tion as the Secretary of the Air Force determines necessary to carry out the temporary closure. (b) L
IMITATIONS .—Any temporary closure under subsection (a)— (1) shall be limited to the minimum areas and periods during which the Secretary of the Air Force determines are required to carry out a clo-sure under this section; (2) shall not occur on a State or Federal holi-day, unless notice is provided in accordance with subsection (c)(1)(B); (3) shall not occur on a Friday, Saturday, or Sunday, unless notice is provided in accordance with subsection (c)(1)(B); and (4)(A) if practicable, shall be for not longer than a 3-hour period per day; (B) shall only be for longer than a 3-hour pe-riod per day— (i) for mission essential reasons; and (ii) as infrequently as practicable and in no case for more than 10 days per year; and (C) shall in no case be for longer than a 6- hour period per day. (c) NOTICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the Secretary of the Air Force shall— (A) keep appropriate warning notices posted before and during any temporary closure; and (B) provide notice to the Secretary, public, and relevant stakeholders concerning the tem-porary closure— (i) at least 30 days before the date on which the temporary closure goes into effect; (ii) in the case of a closure during the period beginning on March 1 and ending on May 31, at least 60 days before the date on which the clo-sure goes into effect; or (iii) in the case of a closure described in para-graph (3) or (4) of subsection (b), at least 90 days before the date on which the closure goes into effect. (2) S
PECIAL NOTIFICATION PROCEDURES .—In each case for which a mission-unique security requirement does not allow for the notifications described in paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary of the Air Force shall work with the Secretary to achieve a mutually agreeable timeline for notifi-cation. (d) M
AXIMUM ANNUAL CLOSURES .—The total cumulative hours of temporary closures author-ized under this section with respect to the BLM land shall not exceed 100 hours annually. (e) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN TEMPORARY CLO-
SURES .—The northernmost area identified as ‘‘Newfoundland’s’’ on the map shall not be sub-ject to any temporary closure between August 21 and February 28, in accordance with the lawful hunting methods and seasons of the State of Utah. (f) E
MERGENCY GROUND RESPONSE .—A tem- porary closure of a portion of the BLM land shall not affect the conduct of emergency re-sponse activities on the BLM land during the temporary closure. (g) L
AWENFORCEMENT AND SECURITY .—The Secretary and the Secretary of the Air Force may enter into cooperative agreements with State and local law enforcement officials with respect to lawful procedures and protocols to be used in promoting public safety and operation security on or near the BLM land during no-ticed test and training periods. (h) L
IVESTOCK .—Livestock shall be allowed to remain on the BLM land during a temporary closure of the BLM land under this section. 
SEC. 3013. COMMUNITY RESOURCE GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, there shall be established the Utah Test and Training Range Community Resource Group (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Community Group’’) to provide regular and continuing input to the Sec-retary and the Secretary of the Air Force on matters involving public access to, use of, and overall management of the BLM land. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary (acting through the State Bureau of Land Management Office) shall appoint members to the Community Group, including— (A) operational and land management per-sonnel of the Air Force; (B) 1 Indian representative, to be nominated by a majority vote conducted among the Indian tribes in the vicinity of the BLM land; (C) not more than 2 county commissioners from each of Box Elder, Tooele, and Juab Coun-ties, Utah; (D) 2 representatives of off-road and highway use, hunting, and other recreational groups; (E) 2 representatives of livestock grazers on any public land located within the BLM land; (F) 1 representative of the Utah Department of Agriculture and Food; and (G) not more than 3 representatives of State or Federal offices or agencies, or private groups, if the Secretary determines that such representa-tives would further the goals and objectives of the Community Group. (2) CHAIRPERSON .—The members described in paragraph (1) shall elect from among the mem-bers of the Community Group— (A) 1 member to serve as Chairperson of the Community Group; and (B) 1 member to serve as Vice-Chairperson of the Community Group. (c) C
ONDITIONS AND TERMS OF APPOINT -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each member of the Commu-nity Group shall serve voluntarily and without remuneration. (2) T
ERM OF APPOINTMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each member of the Commu-nity Group shall be appointed for a term of 4 years. (B) O
RIGINAL MEMBERS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the Chairperson shall select 
1⁄2of the original members of the Community Group to serve for a term of 4 years and the 
1⁄2 to serve for a term of 2 years to ensure the re-placement of members shall be staggered from year to year. (C) R
EAPPOINTMENT AND REPLACEMENT .—The Secretary may reappoint or replace a member of the Community Group appointed under sub-section (b)(1), if— (i) the term of the member has expired; (ii) the member has retired; or (iii) the position held by the member described in subparagraphs (A) through (G) of paragraph (1) has changed to the extent that the ability of the member to represent the group or entity that the member represents has been significantly af-fected. (d) M
EETINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Community Group shall meet not less than once per year, and at such other frequencies as determined by five or more of the members of the Community Group. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF COMMUNITY GROUP .— The Community Group shall be responsible for determining appropriate schedules for, details of, and actions for meetings of the Community Group. (3) N
OTICE .—The Chairperson shall provide notice to each member of the Community Group not less than 10 business days before the date of a scheduled meeting. (4) E
XEMPT FROM FEDERAL ADVISORY COM -
MITTEE ACT .—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to meetings of the Community Group. (e) C
OORDINATION WITHRECOMMENDATIONS  
OFCOMMUNITY GROUP .—The Secretary and the Secretary of the Air Force, consistent with exist-ing laws (including regulations), shall take under consideration recommendations from the Community Group. (f) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Com- munity Group shall terminate on the date that is seven years after the date of enactment of this Act, unless the Secretary and the Community Group mutually elect to terminate the Commu-nity Group before that date. (g) R
ENEWAL .—The Community Group may elect, by simple majority, to renew the term of the Community Group for an additional seven years, with the option to renew the term every seven years thereafter. Each renewal must occur upon or within 90 days before termination of the Community Group. 
SEC. 3014. LIABILITY. 
The United States (including all departments, agencies, officers, and employees of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2575 May 17, 2016 
States) shall be held harmless and shall not be liable for any injury or damage to any indi-vidual or property suffered in the course of any mining, mineral, or geothermal activity, or any other authorized nondefense-related activity, conducted on the BLM land. 
SEC. 3015. EFFECTS OF SUBTITLE. 
(a) E FFECT ON WEAPON IMPACT AREA.—Noth- ing in this subtitle expands the boundaries of the weapon impact area of the Utah Test and Training Range. (b) E
FFECT ON SPECIAL USEAIRSPACE AND  T
RAINING ROUTES .—Nothing in this subtitle pre-cludes— (1) the designation of new units of special use airspace; or (2) the expansion of existing units of special use airspace. (c) E
FFECT ON EXISTING RIGHTS AND AGREE-
MENTS .— (1) K
NOLLS SPECIAL RECREATION MANAGEMENT  
AREA; BLM COMMUNITY PITS CENTRAL GRAYBACK  
AND SOUTH GRAYBACK .—Except as provided in section 3012, nothing in this subtitle limits or al-ters any existing right or right of access to— (A) the Knolls Special Recreation Manage-ment Area; or (B)(i) the Bureau of Land Management Com-munity Pits Central Grayback and South Grayback; and (ii) any other county or community pit located within close proximity to the BLM land. (2) N
ATIONAL HISTORIC TRAILS AND OTHER HIS -
TORICAL LANDMARKS .—Except as provided in section 3012, nothing in this subtitle limits or al-ters any existing right or right of access to a component of the National Trails System or other Federal or State historic landmarks within the BLM land, including the California Na-tional Historic Trail, the Pony Express National Historic Trail, or the GAPA Launch Site and Blockhouse. (3) C
LOSURE OF INTERSTATE 80 .—Nothing in this subtitle authorizes any additional authority or right to the Secretary or the Secretary of the Air Force to temporarily close Interstate 80. (4) E
FFECT ON LIMITATION ON AMENDMENTS TO  
CERTAIN INDIVIDUAL RESOURCE MANAGEMENT  
PLANS .—Nothing in this subtitle affects the limi-tation established under section 2815(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 852). (5) E
FFECT ON MEMORANDUM OF UNDER -
STANDING .—Nothing in this subtitle affects the memorandum of understanding entered into by the Air Force, the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, the Utah Department of Natural Re-sources, and the Utah Division of Wildlife Re-sources relating to the reestablishment of big-horn sheep in the Newfoundland Mountains and signed by the parties to the memorandum of understanding during the period beginning on January 24, 2000, and ending on February 4, 2000. (6) E
FFECT ON EXISTING MILITARY SPECIAL USE  
AIRSPACE AGREEMENT .—Nothing in this subtitle limits or alters the Military Operating Areas of Airspace Use Agreement between the Federal Aviation Administration and the Air Force in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (d) E
FFECT ON WATER RIGHTS .— (1) N
O RESERVATION CREATED .—Nothing in this subtitle— (A) establishes any reservation in favor of the United States with respect to any water or water right on the BLM land; or (B) authorizes any appropriation of water on the BLM land, except in accordance with appli-cable State law. (2) P
REVIOUSLY ACQUIRED AND RESERVED  
WATER RIGHTS .—Nothing in this subtitle af-fects— (A) any water right acquired or reserved by the United States before the date of enactment of this Act; or (B) the authority of the Secretary or the Sec-retary of the Air Force, as applicable, to exercise any water right described in subparagraph (A). (3) NO EFFECT ON MCCARRAN AMENDMENT .— Nothing in this subtitle diminishes, enhances, or otherwise affects in any way the rights, duties, and obligations of the United States, the State of Utah, the counties in which the BLM land is situated, and the residents and stakeholders in those counties under section 208 of the Act of July 10, 1952 (commonly known as the ‘‘McCarran Amendment’’) (43 U.S.C. 666). (e) E
FFECT ON FEDERALLY RECOGNIZED INDIAN  T
RIBES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this subtitle al-ters any right reserved by treaty or Federal law for a federally recognized Indian tribe for tribal use. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall consult with any federally recog-nized Indian tribe in the vicinity of the BLM land before taking any action that will affect any tribal right or cultural resource protected by treaty or Federal law. (f) E
FFECT ON PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF TAXES.— (1) E
LIGIBILITY OF BLM LAND AND NON -FED-
ERAL LAND .—The BLM land and the non-Fed-eral land described in section 3022(3) shall re-main eligible as entitlement land under section 6901 of title 31, United States Code. (2) N
O PREJUDICE TO COUNTY PAYMENT IN LIEU  
OF TAXES RIGHTS .—Nothing in this subtitle di-minishes, enhances, or otherwise affects any other right or entitlement of the counties in which the BLM land is situated to payments in lieu of taxes based on the BLM land, under sec-tion 6901 of title 31, United States Code. (g) W
ILDLIFE GUZZLERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Bureau of Land Man-agement and the Utah Division of Wildlife Re-sources shall continue the management of wild-life guzzlers in existence as of the date of enact-ment of this Act on the BLM land. (2) N
EW GUZZLERS .—Nothing in this subtitle prevents the Bureau of Land Management and the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources from en-tering into agreements for new wildlife guzzlers. (3) A
CQUIRED GUZZLERS .—The Secretary shall continue to manage existing wildlife guzzlers or wildlife improvements on the non-Federal land conveyed to the Secretary under section 3023(a) that were in existence on the day before the date of the conveyance. (h) R
ANGELAND IMPROVEMENTS .—The Sec- retary shall continue to manage, in a manner that promotes and facilitates grazing— (1) rangeland improvements on the BLM land that are in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) rangeland improvements on the non-Fed-eral land conveyed to the Secretary under sec-tion 3023(a) that were in existence on the day before the date of the conveyance. (i) N
EWRANGELAND IMPROVEMENTS .—Nothing in this subtitle prevents the Bureau of Land Management, the Utah Department of Agri-culture or other State entity, or a Federal land permittee from entering into agreements for new rangeland improvements that promote and fa-cilitate grazing. (j) S
CHOOL AND INSTITUTIONAL TRUST LANDS A
DMINISTRATION .—The Bureau of Land Man-agement shall maintain rangeland grazing im-provements in existence as of the date of enact-ment of this Act on acquired land of the School and Institutional Trust Lands Administration. Subtitle B—Land Exchange 
SEC. 3021. FINDINGS AND PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) the State owns approximately 68,057 acres of land and approximately 10,280 acres of min-eral interests located within the Utah Test and Training Range in Box Elder, Tooele, and Juab Counties, Utah; (2) the State owns approximately 2,353 acres of land and approximately 3,560 acres of mineral interests located wholly or partially within the Cedar Mountains Wilderness in Tooele County, Utah; (3) the parcels of State land described in para-graphs (1) and (2)— (A) were granted by Congress to the State pur-suant to the Act of July 16, 1894 (28 Stat. 107, chapter 138), to be held in trust for the benefit of the public school system and other public in-stitutions of the State; and (B) are largely scattered in checkerboard fash-ion among Federal land; (4) continued State ownership and develop-ment of State trust land within the Utah Test and Training Range and the Cedar Mountains Wilderness is incompatible with— (A) the critical national defense uses of the Utah Test and Training Range; and (B) the Federal management of the Cedar Mountains Wilderness; and (5) it is in the public interest of the United States to acquire in a timely manner all State trust land within the Utah Test and Training Range and the Cedar Mountains Wilderness, in exchange for the conveyance of the Federal land to the State, in accordance with the terms and conditions described in this subtitle. (b) PURPOSE .—It is the purpose of this subtitle to direct, facilitate, and expedite the exchange of certain Federal land and non-Federal land between the United States and the State. 
SEC. 3022. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) E
XCHANGE MAP .—The term ‘‘Exchange Map’’ means the map prepared by the Bureau of Land Management entitled ‘‘Utah Test and Training Range Enhancement/West Desert Land Exchange’’ and dated February 12, 2016. (2) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means the Bureau of Land Management land located in Box Elder, Millard, Juab, Tooele, and Beaver Counties, Utah, that is identified on the Exchange Map as ‘‘BLM Lands Proposed for Transfer to State Trust Lands’’. (3) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘non-Fed-eral land’’ means the land owned by the State in Box Elder, Tooele, and Juab Counties, Utah, that is identified on the Exchange Map as— (A) ‘‘State Trust Land Proposed for Transfer to BLM’’; and (B) ‘‘State Trust Minerals Proposed for Trans-fer to BLM’’. (4) S
TATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Utah, acting through the School and Institu-tional Trust Lands Administration. 
SEC. 3023. EXCHANGE OF FEDERAL LAND AND NON-FEDERAL LAND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If the State offers to convey to the United States title to the non-Federal land, the Secretary shall— (1) accept the offer; and (2) on receipt of all right, title, and interest in and to the non-Federal land, convey to the State (or a designee) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land. (b) V
ALID EXISTING RIGHTS .—The exchange authorized under subsection (a) shall be subject to valid existing rights. (c) T
ITLE APPROVAL .—Title to the Federal land and non-Federal land to be exchanged under this section shall be in a format accept-able to the Secretary and the State. (d) A
PPRAISALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The value of the Federal land and the non-Federal land to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by ap-praisals conducted by one or more independent appraisers retained by the State, with the con-sent of the Secretary. (2) A
PPLICABLE LAW .—The appraisals under paragraph (1) shall be conducted in accordance with nationally recognized appraisal standards, including, as appropriate, the Uniform Ap-praisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisi-tions. (3) M
INERAL LAND .— (A) M
INERAL REPORTS .—The appraisals under paragraph (1) shall take into account mineral and technical reports provided by the Secretary and the State in the evaluation of mineral de-posits in the Federal land and non-Federal land. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2576 May 17, 2016 
(B) M INING CLAIMS .—An appraisal of any par-cel of Federal land that is encumbered by a min-ing or millsite claim located under sections 2318 through 2352 of the Revised Statutes (commonly known as the ‘‘Mining Law of 1872’’) (30 U.S.C. 21 et seq.) shall take into account the encum-brance created by the claim for purposes of de-termining the value of the parcel of the Federal land. (C) V
ALIDITY EXAMINATION .—Nothing in this subtitle requires the United States to conduct a mineral examination for any mining claim on the Federal land. (4) A
PPROVAL .—The appraisals conducted under paragraph (1) shall be submitted to the Secretary and the State for approval. (5) D
ISPUTE RESOLUTION .—If, by the date that is 90 days after the date of submission of an ap-praisal for review and approval under this sub-section, the Secretary or the State do not agree to accept the findings of the appraisals with re-spect to one or more parcels of Federal land or non-Federal land, the dispute shall be resolved in accordance with section 206(d)(2) of the Fed-eral Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1716(d)(2)). (6) D
URATION .—The appraisals conducted under paragraph (1) shall remain valid until the date of the completion of the exchange author-ized under this subtitle. (7) R
EIMBURSEMENT OF STATE COSTS .—The Secretary shall reimburse the State in an amount equal to 50 percent of the costs incurred by the State in retaining independent appraisers under paragraph (1). (e) C
ONVEYANCE OF TITLE.—The land ex-change authorized under this subtitle shall be completed by the later of— (1) the date that is 1 year after the date of final approval by the Secretary and the State of the appraisals conducted under subsection (d); and (2) the date that is 1 year after the date of completion of the dispute resolution process au-thorized under subsection (d)(5). (f) P
UBLIC INSPECTION AND NOTICE .— (1) P
UBLIC INSPECTION .—At least 30 days be-fore the date of conveyance of the Federal land and non-Federal land, all final appraisals and appraisal reviews for land to be exchanged under this section shall be available for public review at the office of the State Director of the Bureau of Land Management in the State of Utah. (2) N
OTICE .—The Secretary or the State, as applicable, shall publish in a newspaper of gen-eral circulation in Salt Lake County, Utah, a notice that the appraisals conducted under sub-section (d) are available for public inspection. (g) E
QUAL VALUE EXCHANGE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The value of the Federal land and non-Federal land to be exchanged under this section— (A) shall be equal; or (B) shall be made equal in accordance with paragraph (2). (2) E
QUALIZATION .— (A) S
URPLUS OF FEDERAL LAND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If the value of the Federal land exceeds the value of the non-Federal land, the value of the Federal land and non-Federal land shall be equalized by the State conveying to the United States— (I) State trust land parcel 1, as described in the assessment entitled ‘‘Bureau of Land Man-agement Environmental Assessment UT–100–06– EA’’, numbered UTU–82090, and dated March 2008; or (II) State trust land located within any of the wilderness areas or national conservation areas in Washington County, Utah, established under subtitle O of title I of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1075) that has an appraised value equal to the difference between— (aa) the value of the Federal land; and (bb) the value of the non-Federal land. (ii) O
RDER OF CONVEYANCES .—Any non-Fed-eral land required to be conveyed to the United States under clause (i) shall be conveyed until the value of the Federal land and non-Federal land is equalized, in the following order: (I) The State trust land parcel described in clause (i)(I). (II) State trust land parcels located in the Red Cliffs National Conservation Area. (III) State trust land parcels located in the Docs Pass Wilderness. (IV) State trust land parcels located in the Beaver Dam Wash National Conservation Area. (B) SURPLUS OF NON -FEDERAL LAND .—If the value of the non-Federal land exceeds the value of the Federal land, the value of the Federal land and the non-Federal land shall be equal-ized by the Secretary making a cash equali-zation payment to the State, in accordance with section 206(b) of the Federal Land Policy Man-agement (43 U.S.C. 1716(b)). (h) W
ITHDRAWAL OF FEDERAL LAND FROM M
INERAL ENTRY PRIOR TO EXCHANGE .—Subject to valid existing rights, the Federal land to be conveyed to the State under this section is with-drawn from mineral location, entry, and patent under the mining laws pending conveyance of the Federal land to the State. 
SEC. 3024. STATUS AND MANAGEMENT OF NON- FEDERAL LAND AFTER EXCHANGE. 
(a) N ON-FEDERAL LAND WITHIN UTAH TEST 
AND TRAINING RANGE.—On conveyance to the United States under this subtitle, the non-Fed-eral land located within the Utah Test and Training Range shall be managed in accordance with the memorandum of agreement entered into under section 3011(a). (b) N
ON-FEDERAL LANDWITHIN CEDAR MOUN-
TAINS WILDERNESS .—On conveyance to the United States under this subtitle, the non-Fed-eral land located within the Cedar Mountains Wilderness shall, in accordance with section 206(c) of the Federal Land Policy Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1716(c)), be added to, and administered as part of, the Cedar Mountains Wilderness. 
SEC. 3025. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS. 
(a) C OSTS.—Except as provided in subsection (b), the costs of remedial actions relating to haz-ardous materials on land acquired under this subtitle shall be paid by those entities respon-sible for the costs under applicable law. (b) R
EMEDIATION OF PRIOR TESTING AND  T
RAINING ACTIVITY .—The Department of De-fense shall bear all costs of evaluation, manage-ment, and remediation caused by the previous testing of military weapons systems and the training of military forces on non-Federal land to be conveyed to the United States under this subtitle. Subtitle C—Highway Rights-of-way 
SEC. 3031. RECOGNITION AND TRANSFER OF CER-TAIN HIGHWAY RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) H
IGHWAY RIGHT -OF-WAY.—The term ‘‘high-way right-of-way’’ means a right-of-way across Federal land for all county roads in the Coun-ties of Box Elder, Tooele, and Juab, in the State of Utah, according to official transportation map and centerline descriptions of each county in existence as of March 1, 2015. (2) M
AP.—The term ‘‘official transportation map and centerline description’’ means— (A) the map entitled ‘‘Official Transportation Map of Box Elder County, Utah’’ and dated March 1, 2015, and accompanying centerline de-scription of each road on file with the Clerk of Box Elder County as of March 1, 2015; (B) the map entitled ‘‘Official Transportation Map of Tooele County’’ and dated March 1, 2015, and accompanying centerline description of each road on file with the Clerk of Tooele County as of March 1, 2015; and (C) the map entitled ‘‘Official Transportation Map of Juab County’’ and dated March 1, 2015, and accompanying centerline description of each road on file with the Clerk of Juab County as of March 1, 2015. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means— (A) the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to land administered by the Chief of the Forest Service; or (B) the Secretary of the Interior, with respect to land administered by the Director of the Bu-reau of Land Management. (b) RECOGNITION OF EXISTENCE AND VALIDITY  
OFRIGHTS -OF-WAY.—Congress recognizes the existence and validity of each of the highway rights-of-way identified on the official transpor-tation maps and centerline descriptions. (c) C
ONVEYANCE OF AN EASEMENT ACROSS  F
EDERAL LAND.— (1) B
OX ELDER COUNTY , UTAH .—The Secretary shall convey, without consideration, to Box Elder County, Utah, and the State of Utah as joint tenants with undivided interests, ease-ments for motorized travel rights-of-way across Federal land for all highways shown and de-scribed in the official transportation map and centerline description of the county described in subsection (a)(2)(A). (2) J
UAB COUNTY , UTAH .—The Secretary shall convey, without consideration, to Juab County, Utah, and the State of Utah as joint tenants with undivided interests, easements for motor-ized travel rights-of-way across Federal land for all highways shown and described in the official transportation map and centerline description of the county described in subsection (a)(2)(B). (3) T
OOELE COUNTY , UTAH .—The Secretary shall convey, without consideration, to Tooele County, Utah, and the State of Utah as joint tenants with undivided interests, easements for motorized travel rights-of-way across Federal land for all highways shown and described in the official transportation map and centerline description of the county described in subsection (a)(2)(C). (d) D
ESCRIPTION OF FEDERAL LAND SUBJECT  
TOEASEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—All easements under sub-section (c) shall include— (A) the current disturbed width of each sub-ject highway as shown and described in the offi-cial transportation maps and centerline descrip-tions; and (B) any additional acreage on either side of the disturbed width that the respective county transportation department determines is nec-essary for the efficient maintenance, repair, signage, administration, and use of the Federal land subject to the easement. (2) D
ESCRIPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The exact acreage and legal description of the Federal land subject to the easements conveyed under subsection (c) shall be— (i) as described in the centerline descriptions; (ii) as referenced in the official transportation maps; and (iii) as described and referenced according to the disturbed width of each highway as of the date of conveyance for travel purposes, plus any reasonable additional width as may be nec-essary for surface maintenance, repairs, and turnaround purposes. (B) S
URVEY NOT REQUIRED .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the conveyance of easements under subsection (c) shall be effective without a survey of the exact acreage and local description of the Federal land subject to the easements. (e) R
ETENTION OF MAPS AND CENTERLINE DE-
SCRIPTIONS .—The maps and centerline descrip-tions referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of sub-section (d)(2)(A) shall be on file in the appro-priate office of the Secretary. (f) E
XCLUSION OF CERTAIN CLASS D R OADS F
ROM ROAD EASEMENT CONVEYANCES .—Not- withstanding the highway rights-of-way identi-fied on the official transportation maps and centerline descriptions, this section does not apply to any class D road located within the boundaries of— (1) Cedar Mountain Wilderness Area des-ignated by section 384(a) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2577 May 17, 2016 
(Public Law 109–163; 119 Stat. 3217; 16 U.S.C. 1132 note); or (2) any wilderness study area within Box Elder County, Tooele County, or Juab County, Utah, designated in law or by administrative ac-tion. DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Subtitle A—National Security Programs Authorizations 
SEC. 3101. NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMIN-ISTRATION. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2017 for the activities of the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF NEW PLANT P
ROJECTS .—From funds referred to in subsection (a) that are available for carrying out plant projects, the Secretary of Energy may carry out new plant projects for the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration as follows: Project 17–D–630, Expand Electrical Distribu-tion System, Lawrence Livermore National Lab-oratory, Livermore, California, $25,000,000. Project 17–D–640, U1a Complex Enhancements Project, Nevada National Security Site, Mer-cury, Nevada, $11,500,000. Project 17–D–911, BL Fire System Upgrade, Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory, West Mifflin, Pennsylvania, $1,400,000. 
SEC. 3102. DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2017 for defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out programs as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4701. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF NEW PLANT P
ROJECTS .—From funds referred to in subsection (a) that are available for carrying out plant projects, the Secretary of Energy may carry out, for defense environmental cleanup activities, the following new plant project: Project 17–D–401, Saltstone Disposal Unit #7, Savannah River Site, Aiken, South Carolina, $9,729,000. 
SEC. 3103. OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2017 for other defense activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
SEC. 3104. NUCLEAR ENERGY. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2017 for nuclear energy as specified in the funding table in section 4701. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 3111. INDEPENDENT ACQUISITION PROJECT REVIEWS OF CAPITAL ASSETS ACQUI-SITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.) is amended by insert-ing after section 4732 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4733. INDEPENDENT ACQUISITION PROJECT REVIEWS OF CAPITAL AS-SETS ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
‘‘(a) R EVIEWS .—The appropriate head shall ensure that an independent entity conducts re-views of each capital assets acquisition project as the project moves toward the approval of each of critical decision 0, critical decision 1, and critical decision 2 in the acquisition process. ‘‘(b) P
RE-CRITICAL DECISION 1 REVIEWS .—In addition to any other matters, with respect to each review of a capital assets acquisition project under subsection (a) that has not reached critical decision 1 approval in the ac-quisition process, such review shall include— ‘‘(1) a review using best practices of the anal-ysis of alternatives for the project; and ‘‘(2) identification of any deficiencies in such analysis of alternatives for the appropriate head to address. ‘‘(c) INDEPENDENT ENTITIES .—The appropriate head shall ensure that each review of a capital assets acquisition project under subsection (a) is conducted by an independent entity with the appropriate expertise with respect to the project and the stage in the acquisition process of the project. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘acquisition process’ means the acquisition process for a project, as defined in Department of Energy Order 413.3B (relating to project management and project management for the acquisition of capital assets), or a suc-cessor order. ‘‘(2) The term ‘appropriate head’ means— ‘‘(A) the Administrator, with respect to capital assets acquisition projects of the Administration; and ‘‘(B) the Assistant Secretary of Energy for En-vironmental Management, with respect to cap-ital assets acquisition projects of the Office of Environmental Management. ‘‘(3) The term ‘capital assets acquisition project’ means a project that— ‘‘(A) the total project cost of which is more than $500,000,000; and ‘‘(B) is covered by Department of Energy Order 413.3, or a successor order, for the acqui-sition of capital assets for atomic energy defense activities.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4732 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4733. Independent acquisition project re-views of capital assets acquisition projects.’’. 
SEC. 3112. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF AD-VANCED NAVAL NUCLEAR FUEL SYS-TEM BASED ON LOW-ENRICHED URA-NIUM. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Energy may be obligated or expended to plan or carry out research and development of an ad-vanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low- enriched uranium. (b) E
XCEPTION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for defense nuclear nonproliferation, as specified in the funding table in division D, not more than $5,000,000 shall be made available to the Deputy Adminis-trator for Naval Reactors for initial planning and early research and development of an ad-vanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low- enriched uranium. (c) B
UDGET MATTERS .—Section 3118 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1196) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2) of subsection (c) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) B
UDGET REQUESTS .—If the Secretaries de-termine under paragraph (1) that research and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low-enriched uranium should continue, the Secretaries shall ensure that each budget of the President submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter in which such research and develop-ment is carried out includes in the budget line item for the ‘Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation’ account amounts necessary to carry out the conceptual plan under subsection (b).’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘for material management and minimization’’. 
SEC. 3113. DISPOSITION OF WEAPONS-USABLE PLUTONIUM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided by sub-section (c), using funds described in subsection (b), the Secretary of Energy shall carry out con-struction and project support activities relating to the MOX facility. (b) FUNDS DESCRIBED .—The funds described in this subsection are the following: (1) Funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration for the MOX facility for construc-tion and project support activities. (2) Funds authorized to be appropriated for a fiscal year prior to fiscal year 2017 for the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration for the MOX facility for construction and project sup-port activities that are unobligated as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the re-quirement in subsection (a) to carry out con-struction and project support activities relating to the MOX facility if— (1) the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees— (A) an updated performance baseline for con-struction and project support activities relating to the MOX facility as required by section 3119(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1197); (B) notification that the Secretary has sought to enter into consultations with any relevant State or government of a foreign country nec-essary to pursue an alternative option for car-rying out the plutonium disposition program, in-cluding a comprehensive description of the sta-tus of such consultations and a detailed plan and schedule for concluding such consultations; (C) the commitment of the Secretary to remove plutonium from South Carolina and ensure a sustainable future for the Savannah River Site; and (D) either— (i) notification that the prime contractor of the MOX facility has not submitted a proposal, during the three-month period following the date on which the Secretary requests such a proposal, for a fixed-price contract for com-pleting construction and project support activi-ties for the MOX facility; or (ii) certification that such proposal is materi-ally deficient or non-responsive, or that an al-ternative option for carrying out the plutonium disposition program exists and the total lifecycle cost of such alternative option would be less than approximately half of the estimated re-maining total lifecycle cost of the mixed-oxide fuel program; and (2) a period of 15 days has elapsed following the date of such submission. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘MOX facility’’ means the mixed-oxide fuel fabrication facility at the Sa-vannah River Site, Aiken, South Carolina. (2) The term ‘‘project support activities’’ means activities that support the design, long- lead equipment procurement, and site prepara-tion of the MOX facility. 
SEC. 3114. DESIGN BASIS THREAT. 
(a) U PDATE TO ORDER .—Not later than Au-gust 31, 2016, the Secretary of Energy shall up-date Department of Energy Order 470.3B relat-ing to the design basis threat for protecting nu-clear weapons, special nuclear material, and other critical assets in the custody of the De-partment of Energy. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the intelligence community (as defined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)) should promulgate regular, biannual updates to the Nuclear Security Threat Capabilities Assessment to better inform nuclear security postures within the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy; (2) the Department of Defense and the De-partment of Energy should closely, and in real- time, track and assess national, regional, and local threats to the defense nuclear facilities of the respective Departments; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2578 May 17, 2016 
(3) the Department of Defense and the De-partment of Energy should regularly review as-sessments and other input provided by activities described in paragraphs (1) and (2) and adjust security postures accordingly. 
SEC. 3115. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR PROVISION OF CERTAIN ASSISTANCE TO RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—None of the funds described in paragraph (2) may be obligated or expended to enter into a contract with, or otherwise pro-vide assistance to, the Russian Federation. (2) F
UNDS DESCRIBED .—The funds described in this paragraph are the following: (A) Funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for atomic energy defense activities. (B) Funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for a fiscal year prior to fiscal year 2017 for atomic energy defense ac-tivities that are unobligated as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Energy, with-out delegation, may waive the prohibition in subsection (a)(1) only— (1) to meet requirements the Secretary deter-mines to be new and emergency in nature; and (2) if— (A) the Secretary submits to the appropriate congressional committees a report containing— (i) a notification that such a waiver is in the national security interest of the United States; (ii) justification for such a waiver, including an explanation of how meets the requirements under paragraph (1); and (iii) a certification that there is no backlog of deferred maintenance with respect to physical security equipment and related infrastructure at each Department of Energy defense nuclear fa-cility; and (B) a period of 15 days elapses following the date on which the Secretary submits such re-port. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional com-mittees’’ means the following: (A) The congressional defense committees. (B) The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives. (2) The term ‘‘Department of Energy defense nuclear facility’’ has the meaning given that term in section 318 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286g). 
SEC. 3116. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR FEDERAL SALARIES AND EXPENSES. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration for defense-related Federal salaries and expenses, not more than 90 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of Energy submits to the congres-sional defense committees and the congressional intelligence committees the following: (1) The updated plan on the designing and building of prototypes of nuclear weapons that is required to be developed by not later than the same time as the budget of the President for fis-cal year 2018 pursuant to paragraphs (2) and (3)(B) of section 4509(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2660(a)(2)). (2) A description of the determination of the Secretary under paragraph (4)(B) of such sec-tion with respect to the manner in which the de-signing and building of prototypes of nuclear weapons is carried out under such updated plan. 
SEC. 3117. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR DEFENSE ENVIRON-MENTAL CLEANUP PROGRAM DIREC-TION. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for defense environmental cleanup for program direction, not more than 90 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of Energy submits to Con-gress the future-years defense environmental cleanup plan required to be submitted during 2017 under section 4402A of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2582A). SEC. 3118. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR ACCELERATION OF NU-CLEAR WEAPONS DISMANTLEMENT. 
(a) L IMITATION ON MAXIMUM AMOUNT FOR  D
ISMANTLEMENT .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 for the National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration, not more than $56,000,000 may be obli-gated or expended in each such fiscal year to carry out the nuclear weapons dismantlement and disposition activities of the Administration. (b) L
IMITATION ON ACCELERATION OF DIS-
MANTLEMENT ACTIVITIES .—Except as provided by subsection (d), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 for the National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration may be obligated or expended to accel-erate the nuclear weapons dismantlement activi-ties of the Administration to a rate that exceeds the rate described in the Stockpile Stewardship and Management Plan schedule. (c) L
IMITATION ON DISMANTLEMENT OF CER-
TAIN CRUISE MISSILE WARHEADS .—Except as provided by subsection (d), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 for the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration may be obligated or ex-pended to dismantle or dispose a W84 nuclear weapon. (d) E
XCEPTION .—The limitations in subsection (b) and (c) shall not apply to the following: (1) The dismantlement of a nuclear weapon not covered by the Stockpile Stewardship and Management Plan schedule if the Administrator for Nuclear Security certifies, in writing, to the congressional defense committees that— (A) the components of the nuclear weapon are directly required for the purposes of a current life extension program; or (B) such dismantlement is necessary to con-duct maintenance or surveillance of the nuclear weapons stockpile or to ensure the safety or reli-ability of the nuclear weapons stockpile. (2) The dismantlement of a nuclear weapon if the President certifies, in writing, to the con-gressional defense committees that— (A) such dismantlement is being carried out pursuant to a nuclear arms reduction treaty or similar international agreement that requires such dismantlement; and (B) such treaty or similar international agree-ment— (i) has entered into force after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (ii) was approved— (I) with the advice and consent of the Senate pursuant to Article II, section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution after the date of the enactment of this Act; or (II) by an Act of Congress, as described in sec-tion 303(b) of the Arms Control and Disar-mament Act (22 U.S.C. 2573(b)). (e) S
TOCKPILE STEWARDSHIP AND MANAGE -
MENT PLAN SCHEDULE DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Stockpile Stewardship and Man-agement Plan schedule’’ means the schedule de-scribed in table 2–7 of the annex of the report ti-tled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Stockpile Stewardship and Management Plan’’ submitted in March 2015 by the Administrator for Nuclear Security to the congressional defense committees under section 4203(b)(2) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2523(b)(2)). 
SEC. 3119. ANNUAL CERTIFICATION OF SHIP-MENTS TO WASTE ISOLATION PILOT PLANT. 
(a) A NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—During the five- year period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, not later than February 1 of each year, the Secretary of Energy shall certify to the congressional defense committees the fol-lowing, with respect to the year covered by the certification: (1) The covered contractors have certified to the Administrator for Nuclear Security that the covered contractors are aware of the contents of each container shipped by the covered contrac-tors to the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant, Carls-bad, New Mexico, in sufficient detail to ensure that the container is handled properly to pre-vent the release of radiation or contamination. (2) The Administrator is aware of the contents of each container shipped by the Administrator or covered contractors to the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant, Carlsbad, New Mexico, in such suf-ficient detail. (3) The Assistant Secretary of Energy for En-vironmental Management is aware of the con-tents of each container shipped from a clean-up site to the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant in such sufficient detail. (b) COVERED CONTRACTORS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered contractors’’ means each management and operating contractor of a national security laboratory or nuclear weapons production facility (as such terms are defined in section 4002 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501) that ships materials to the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant, Carlsbad, New Mexico. Subtitle C—Plans and Reports 
SEC. 3121. CLARIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT AND CERTIFICATION ON STATUS OF SECURITY OF ATOMIC ENERGY DE-FENSE FACILITIES. 
Section 4506(b)(1)(B) of the Atomic Energy De-fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2657) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) written certification that such facilities are secure and that the security measures at such facilities meet the security standards and requirements of the Department of Energy.’’. 
SEC. 3122. ANNUAL REPORT ON SERVICE SUP-PORT CONTRACTS OF THE NA-TIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMIN-ISTRATION. 
Section 3241A(f) of the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a(f)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) With respect to each contract identified under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) the cost of the contract; and ‘‘(B) identification of the program or program direction accounts that support the contract.’’. 
SEC. 3123. REPEAL OF CERTAIN REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS. 
(a) R EPORTS ON PLAN TO PROTECT AGAINST  I
NADVERTENT RELEASE OF RESTRICTED DATA 
ANDFORMERLY RESTRICTED DATA.—Section 4522 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2672) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e). (b) GAO R
EPORT ON PROGRAM ON SCIENTIFIC  E
NGAGEMENT FOR NONPROLIFERATION .—Section 3122 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 50 U.S.C. 2571 note), as amended by section 3125 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1063), is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘, and to the Comptroller General of the United States,’’; (2) by striking subsection (e); and (3) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively. 
SEC. 3124. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF TECH-NOLOGY DEVELOPMENT UNDER DE-FENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP PROGRAM. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Energy shall seek to enter into an agreement with the National Academy of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2579 May 17, 2016 
Sciences to conduct an independent assessment of the technology development efforts of the de-fense environmental cleanup program of the De-partment of Energy. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment under sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A review of the technology development ef-forts of the defense environmental cleanup pro-gram of the Department of Energy, including an assessment of the process by which the Sec-retary identifies and chooses technologies to pursue under the program. (2) A comprehensive review and assessment of technologies or alternative approaches to de-fense environmental cleanup efforts that could— (A) reduce the long-term costs of such efforts; (B) accelerate schedules for carrying out such efforts; (C) mitigate uncertainties, vulnerabilities, or risks relating to such efforts; or (D) otherwise significantly improve the de-fense environmental cleanup program. (c) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than September 30, 2017, the National Academy of Sciences shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Secretary a report on the assessment under subsection (a). 
SEC. 3125. UPDATED PLAN FOR VERIFICATION AND MONITORING OF PROLIFERA-TION OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS AND FISSILE MATERIAL. 
(a) U PDATED PLAN.— (1) T
RANSMISSION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a comprehensive and de-tailed update to the plan developed under sec-tion 3133(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3896) with respect to verification and monitoring relating to the potential pro-liferation of nuclear weapons, components of such weapons, and fissile material. (2) F
ORM.—The updated plan under para-graph (1) shall be transmitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (b) L
IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense for supporting the Executive Office of the President, $10,000,000 may not be obli-gated or expended until the date on which the President transmits to the appropriate congres-sional committees the updated plan under sub-section (a)(1). (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate (and any other appropriate congres-sional committee upon request) an interim brief-ing on the updated plan under subsection (a)(1). (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means the fol-lowing: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. (3) The Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. (4) The Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate. (5) The Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate. TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
SEC. 3201. AUTHORIZATION. 
There are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017, $31,000,000 for the operation of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board under chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.). TITLE XXXIII—NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVATION CAPABILITIES SEC. 3301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act’’. 
SEC. 3302. NUCLEAR ENERGY. 
Section 951 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16271) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 951. NUCLEAR ENERGY. 
‘‘(a) M ISSION .—The Secretary shall conduct programs of civilian nuclear research, develop-ment, demonstration, and commercial applica-tion, including activities in this subtitle. Such programs shall take into consideration the fol-lowing objectives: ‘‘(1) Providing research infrastructure to pro-mote scientific progress and enable users from academia, the National Laboratories, and the private sector to make scientific discoveries rel-evant for nuclear, chemical, and materials science engineering. ‘‘(2) Maintaining National Laboratory and university nuclear energy research and develop-ment programs, including their infrastructure. ‘‘(3) Providing the technical means to reduce the likelihood of nuclear weapons proliferation and increasing confidence margins for public safety of nuclear energy systems. ‘‘(4) Reducing the environmental impact of nuclear energy related activities. ‘‘(5) Supporting technology transfer from the National Laboratories to the private sector. ‘‘(6) Enabling the private sector to partner with the National Laboratories to demonstrate novel reactor concepts for the purpose of resolv-ing technical uncertainty associated with the aforementioned objectives in this subsection. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) A
DVANCED FISSION REACTOR .—The term ‘advanced fission reactor’ means a nuclear fis-sion reactor with significant improvements over the most recent generation of nuclear reactors, which may include inherent safety features, lower waste yields, greater fuel utilization, su-perior reliability, resistance to proliferation, and increased thermal efficiency. ‘‘(2) F
AST NEUTRON .—The term ‘fast neutron’ means a neutron with kinetic energy above 100 kiloelectron volts. ‘‘(3) N
ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘Na-tional Laboratory’ has the meaning given that term in paragraph (3) of section 2, except that with respect to subparagraphs (G), (H), and (N) of such paragraph, for purposes of this subtitle the term includes only the civilian activities thereof. ‘‘(4) N
EUTRON FLUX .—The term ‘neutron flux’ means the intensity of neutron radiation meas-ured as a rate of flow of neutrons applied over an area. ‘‘(5) N
EUTRON SOURCE .—The term ‘neutron source’ means a research machine that provides neutron irradiation services for research on ma-terials sciences and nuclear physics as well as testing of advanced materials, nuclear fuels, and other related components for reactor sys-tems.’’. 
SEC. 3303. NUCLEAR ENERGY RESEARCH PRO-GRAMS. 
Section 952 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16272) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (c); and (2) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively. 
SEC. 3304. ADVANCED FUEL CYCLE INITIATIVE. 
Section 953(a) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16273(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘, acting through the Director of the Office of Nu-clear Energy, Science and Technology,’’. 
SEC. 3305. UNIVERSITY NUCLEAR SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING SUPPORT. 
Section 954(d)(4) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16274(d)(4)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘as part of a taking into consideration ef-fort that emphasizes’’ and inserting ‘‘that em-phasize’’. SEC. 3306. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY CIVILIAN NUCLEAR INFRASTRUCTURE AND FACILITIES. 
Section 955 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16275) is amended— (1) by striking subsections (c) and (d); and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) V
ERSATILE NEUTRON SOURCE .— ‘‘(1) M
ISSION NEED .—Not later than December 31, 2016, the Secretary shall determine the mis-sion need for a versatile reactor-based fast neu-tron source, which shall operate as a national user facility. During this process, the Secretary shall consult with the private sector, univer-sities, National Laboratories, and relevant Fed-eral agencies to ensure that this user facility will meet the research needs of the largest pos-sible majority of prospective users. ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .—Upon the determina-tion of mission need made under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, as expeditiously as possible, provide to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a detailed plan for the establish-ment of the user facility. ‘‘(3) F
ACILITY REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) C
APABILITIES .—The Secretary shall en-sure that this user facility will provide, at a minimum, the following capabilities: ‘‘(i) Fast neutron spectrum irradiation capa-bility. ‘‘(ii) Capacity for upgrades to accommodate new or expanded research needs. ‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the plan provided under paragraph (2), the Sec-retary shall consider the following: ‘‘(i) Capabilities that support experimental high-temperature testing. ‘‘(ii) Providing a source of fast neutrons at a neutron flux, higher than that at which current research facilities operate, sufficient to enable research for an optimal base of prospective users. ‘‘(iii) Maximizing irradiation flexibility and ir-radiation volume to accommodate as many con-current users as possible. ‘‘(iv) Capabilities for irradiation with neu-trons of a lower energy spectrum. ‘‘(v) Multiple loops for fuels and materials testing in different coolants. ‘‘(vi) Additional pre-irradiation and post-irra-diation examination capabilities. ‘‘(vii) Lifetime operating costs and lifecycle costs. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTING PROGRESS .—The Department shall, in its annual budget requests, provide an explanation for any delay in its progress and otherwise make every effort to complete con-struction and approve the start of operations for this facility by December 31, 2025. ‘‘(5) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall le-verage the best practices for management, con-struction, and operation of national user facili-ties from the Office of Science.’’. 
SEC. 3307. SECURITY OF NUCLEAR FACILITIES. 
Section 956 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16276) is amended by striking ‘‘, act-ing through the Director of the Office of Nu-clear Energy, Science and Technology,’’. 
SEC. 3308. HIGH-PERFORMANCE COMPUTATION AND SUPPORTIVE RESEARCH. 
Section 957 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16277) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 957. HIGH-PERFORMANCE COMPUTATION AND SUPPORTIVE RESEARCH. 
‘‘(a) M ODELING AND SIMULATION .—The Sec- retary shall carry out a program to enhance the Nation’s capabilities to develop new reactor technologies through high-performance com-putation modeling and simulation techniques. This program shall coordinate with relevant Federal agencies through the National Strategic Computing Initiative created under Executive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2580 May 17, 2016 
Order No. 13702 (July 29, 2015) while taking into account the following objectives: ‘‘(1) Utilizing expertise from the private sector, universities, and National Laboratories to de-velop computational software and capabilities that prospective users may access to accelerate research and development of advanced fission reactor systems, nuclear fusion systems, and re-actor systems for space exploration. ‘‘(2) Developing computational tools to simu-late and predict nuclear phenomena that may be validated through physical experimentation. ‘‘(3) Increasing the utility of the Department’s research infrastructure by coordinating with the Advanced Scientific Computing Research pro-gram within the Office of Science. ‘‘(4) Leveraging experience from the Energy Innovation Hub for Modeling and Simulation. ‘‘(5) Ensuring that new experimental and computational tools are accessible to relevant re-search communities. ‘‘(b) S
UPPORTIVE RESEARCH ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary shall consider support for additional research activities to maximize the utility of its research facilities, including physical processes to simulate degradation of materials and behav-ior of fuel forms and for validation of computa-tional tools.’’. 
SEC. 3309. ENABLING NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVA-TION. 
Subtitle E of title IX of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16271 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 958. ENABLING NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVA-TION. 
‘‘(a) N ATIONAL REACTOR INNOVATION CEN-
TER.—The Secretary shall carry out a program to enable the testing and demonstration of reac-tor concepts to be proposed and funded by the private sector. The Secretary shall leverage the technical expertise of relevant Federal agencies and National Laboratories in order to minimize the time required to enable construction and op-eration of privately funded experimental reac-tors at National Laboratories or other Depart-ment-owned sites. Such reactors shall operate to meet the following objectives: ‘‘(1) Enabling physical validation of novel re-actor concepts. ‘‘(2) Resolving technical uncertainty and in-creasing practical knowledge relevant to safety, resilience, security, and functionality of first-of- a-kind reactor concepts. ‘‘(3) General research and development to im-prove nascent technologies. ‘‘(b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the National Laboratories, relevant Federal agencies, and other stakeholders, shall transmit to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report assessing the Department’s capabilities to authorize, host, and oversee privately funded fusion and advanced fission experimental reac-tors as described under subsection (a). The re-port shall address the following: ‘‘(1) The Department’s oversight capabilities, including options to leverage expertise from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and National Laboratories. ‘‘(2) Potential sites capable of hosting activi-ties described under subsection (a). ‘‘(3) The efficacy of the Department’s avail-able contractual mechanisms to partner with the private sector and Federal agencies, including cooperative research and development agree-ments, strategic partnership projects, and agree-ments for commercializing technology. ‘‘(4) Potential cost structures related to long- term projects, including physical security, dis-tribution of liability, and other related costs. ‘‘(5) Other challenges or considerations identi-fied by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 3310. BUDGET PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle E of title IX of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16271 et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 959. BUDGET PLAN. 
‘‘Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, the Department shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate 2 alternative 10-year budget plans for civilian nuclear energy research and develop-ment by the Department. The first shall assume constant annual funding for 10 years at the ap-propriated level for the Department’s civilian nuclear energy research and development for fiscal year 2016. The second shall be an uncon-strained budget. The two plans shall include— ‘‘(1) a prioritized list of the Department’s pro-grams, projects, and activities to best support the development of next generation nuclear en-ergy technology; ‘‘(2) realistic budget requirements for the De-partment to implement sections 955(c), 957, and 958 of this Act; and ‘‘(3) the Department’s justification for con-tinuing or terminating existing civilian nuclear energy research and development programs.’’. (b) R
EPORT ON FUSION INNOVATION .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this title, the Secretary of the Department of Energy shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that will identify engineering designs for inno-vative fusion energy systems that have the po-tential to demonstrate net energy production not later than 15 years after the start of construc-tion. In this report, the Secretary will identify budgetary requirements that would be necessary for the Department to carry out a fusion inno-vation initiative to accelerate research and de-velopment of these designs. 
SEC. 3311. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 957 and inserting the following: ‘‘957. High-performance computation and sup-portive research. ‘‘958. Enabling nuclear energy innovation. ‘‘959. Budget plan.’’. TITLE XXXIV—NAVAL PETROLEUM RESERVES 
SEC. 3401. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) A MOUNT .—There are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Energy $14,950,000 for fiscal year 2017 for the purpose of carrying out activities under chapter 641 of title 10, United States Code, relating to the naval pe-troleum reserves. (b) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Funds appro-priated pursuant to the authorization of appro-priations in subsection (a) shall remain avail-able until expended. TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 3501. AUTHORIZATION OF THE MARITIME ADMINISTRATION. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2017, to be available with-out fiscal year limitation if so provided in ap-propriations Acts, for the use of the Department of Transportation for Maritime Administration programs associated with maintaining the United States merchant marine, as follows: (1) For expenses necessary for operations of the United States Merchant Marine Academy, $99,902,000. (2) For expenses necessary to support the State maritime academies, $29,550,000. (3) For expenses necessary to support Mari-time Administration operations and programs, $58,694,000. (4) For expenses necessary to dispose of vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended. (5) For expenses to maintain and preserve a United States-flag merchant marine to serve the national security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, $299,997,000. SEC. 3502. AUTHORITY TO MAKE PRO RATA AN-NUAL PAYMENTS UNDER OPERATING AGREEMENTS FOR VESSELS PAR-TICIPATING IN MARITIME SECURITY FLEET. 
Section 53106(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (2); (2) by striking the period at the end of para-graph (3) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end following: ‘‘(4) may make a pro rata reduction in pay-ment if sufficient funds have not been appro-priated to pay the full annual payment author-ized in subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 3503. AUTHORITY TO EXTEND CERTAIN AGE RESTRICTIONS RELATING TO VES-SELS IN THE MARITIME SECURITY FLEET. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 53102 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) A
UTHORITY TO EXTEND MAXIMUM SERV-
ICEAGE FOR VESSEL .—The Secretary of Defense, in conjunction with the Secretary of Transpor-tation, may, for a particular participating fleet vessel, extend the maximum age restrictions under section 53101(5)(A)(ii) and section 53106(c)(3) for a period of up to 5 years if the Secretaries jointly determine that it is in the na-tional interest to do so.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading of subsection (f) of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘A
UTHORITY TOWAIVE AGERE-
STRICTION FOR ELIGIBILITY OF A VESSEL TOBE I
NCLUDED IN FLEET.—’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF REDUNDANT AGELIMITATION .— Section 53106(c)(3) of such title is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or (C);’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a period; and (3) by striking subparagraph (C). 
SEC. 3504. CORRECTIONS TO PROVISIONS EN-ACTED BY COAST GUARD AUTHOR-IZATION ACTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE CORRECTION .—The Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–120) is amended by striking ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015’’ each place it appears (including in quoted material) and inserting ‘‘Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2016’’. (b) T
ITLE46, U.S.C..— (1) Section 7510 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (c)(1)(D), by striking ‘‘en-gine’’ and inserting ‘‘engineer’’; and (B) in subsection (c)(9), by inserting a period after ‘‘App’’; (2) Section 4503(f)(2) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, that’’ and in-serting ‘‘, then’’. (c) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO THE PRIBILOF IS-
LANDS .— (1) S
HORT TITLE CORRECTION .—Section 521 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–120), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 105(e)(1) of the Pribilof Islands Transition Act (16 U.S.C. 1161 note; Public Law 106–562) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (3) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 522(b)(2) of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–120), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’. (d) T
ITLE14, U NITED STATES CODE.— (1) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF  
APPROPRIATIONS .—Section 2702 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2581 May 17, 2016 
(A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘$6,981,036,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$6,986,815,000’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘$140,016,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$134, 237,000’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of part III of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the period at the end of the item relating to chapter 29. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of Public Law 114–120. 
SEC. 3505. STATUS OF NATIONAL DEFENSE RE-SERVE FLEET VESSELS. 
Section 11 of the Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946 (50 U.S.C. 4405) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Vessels in the National Defense Re-serve Fleet, including vessels loaned to State Maritime Academies, shall be considered public vessels of the United States.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) V
ESSEL STATUS .—A vessel in the National Defense Reserve Fleet determined by the Mari-time Administration to be of insufficient value to remain in the National Defense Reserve Fleet shall remain a vessel within the meaning of that term in section 3 of title 1 and subject to the rights and responsibilities of a vessel under ad-miralty law at least until such time as the vessel is delivered to a dismantling facility or is dis-posed of otherwise from the National Defense Reserve Fleet.’’. 
SEC. 3506. NDRF NATIONAL SECURITY MULTI-MIS-SION VESSEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the availability of appropriations for fiscal year 2017 and each fis-cal year thereafter, the Maritime Administrator shall seek to contract for construction of a na-tional security multi-mission vessel for the Na-tional Defense Reserve Fleet for— (1) use as a training vessel that can be pro-vided to State maritime academies, under section 51504(b) of title 46, United States Code; and (2) humanitarian assistance, disaster re-sponse, domestic and foreign emergency contin-gency operations, and other authorized uses of vessels of the National Defense Reserve Fleet. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION AND DOCUMENTATION RE-
QUIREMENTS .—A vessel constructed under this section shall— (1) be constructed in a private United States shipyard; (2) be constructed in accordance with designs approved by the Maritime Administrator; and (3) meet— (A) the safety requirements of the Coast Guard as a documented vessel; and (B) the content standards of the Coast Guard to qualify the vessel for a coastwise endorsement as if such vessel were a privately owned and op-erated commercial vessel; and (4) be documented under section 12103 of title 46, United States Code. (c) D
ESIGN STANDARDS AND CONSTRUCTION  P
RACTICES .—Subject to subsection (b), construc-tion of a vessel under this section shall use com-mercial design standards and commercial con-struction practices that are consistent with the best interests of the Federal Government. (d) G
ENERAL AGENT REQUIREMENT .—The Mar- itime Administrator shall enter into a contract or other agreement with the Secretary of the Navy under which the Navy shall act as general agent for the Maritime Administration for pur-poses of construction of a vessel under this sec-tion. (e) C
ONTRACTS WITHOTHER FEDERAL ENTI-
TIES.—The Maritime Administrator may con-tract on a reimbursable basis with other Federal entities for goods and services in connection with this section and other associated future ac-tivities. (f) C
ONTRACTORS .—Any contractor selected by the Maritime Administration through its general agent to construct the vessel under (a) shall be an entity established under the laws of the United States or of a State, commonwealth, or territory of the United States, that during the five-year period preceding the date of the enact-ment of this Act, either directly or through a subsidiary, completed the construction of a ves-sel in excess of 10,000 gross tons and documented under section 12103 of title 46, United States Code. (g) REPEAL OF PLAN APPROVAL REQUIRE -
MENT .—Section 109(j)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is repealed. 
SEC. 3507. UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 51301 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) S
UPERINTENDENT .—The immediate com-mand of the United States Merchant Marine Academy shall be in the Superintendent of the Academy, subject to the direction of the Mari-time Administrator under the general super-vision of the Secretary of Transportation. The Secretary of Transportation shall appoint the Superintendent from the senior ranks of the United States merchant marine, maritime indus-try, or from the retired list of flag-rank Navy or Coast Guard officers who have significant afloat command experience. Due to the unique mission of the Academy, it is highly desirable that the Superintendent be a graduate of the Academy and have attained an unlimited merchant mar-iner officer’s license. ‘‘(d) C
OMMANDANT OF MIDSHIPMEN .—Subject to the direction of the Superintendent, the Com-mandant is the immediate commander of the Regiment of Midshipmen and is responsible for the instruction of all midshipmen in maritime professionalism, ethics, leadership, and military bearing necessary for future service as a li-censed officer in the merchant marine and a commissioned officer in the uniformed services. The Commandant shall be appointed from the senior ranks of the United States merchant ma-rine, maritime industry, or from the retired list of flag-rank Navy or Coast Guard officers who possess significant merchant marine experience. It is highly desirable that the Commandant have attained an unlimited merchant mariner offi-cer’s license and is a graduate of United States Merchant Marine Academy.’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION .—The amend-ment made by subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to the individual serving on the date of the enactment of this Act as the Super-intendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy. 
SEC. 3508. USE OF NATIONAL DEFENSE RESERVE FLEET SCRAPPING PROCEEDS. 
Section 308704(a)(1)(C) of title 54, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(C) The remainder shall be available to the Secretary to carry out the Program, as provided in subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 3509. FLOATING DRY DOCKS. 
Section 55122 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) D
RYDOCKS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF CER-
TAIN NAVAL VESSELS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the application of sub-section (a)(1)(C) to a floating drydock used for the construction of naval vessels in a United States shipyard, ‘December 19, 2017’ shall be substituted for the date referred to in that sub-section if the Secretary of the Navy determines that— ‘‘(A) such a drydock is necessary for the time-ly completion of such construction; and ‘‘(B)(i) such drydock is owned and operated by— ‘‘(I) a shipyard located in the United States that is an eligible owner specified under section 12103(b); or ‘‘(II) an affiliate of such a shipyard; or ‘‘(ii) such drydock is— ‘‘(I) notwithstanding subsection (a)(1)(B), owned by the State in which the shipyard is lo-cated or a political subdivision of that State; and ‘‘(II) operated by a shipyard located in the United States that is an eligible owner specified under section 12103(b). ‘‘(2) NOTICE TO CONGRESS .—No later than 30 days after making a determination under para-graph (1), the Secretary of the Navy shall notify the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate of such a determinations.’’. TITLE XXXVI—BALLAST WATER 
SEC. 3601. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Vessel Inci-dental Discharge Act’’. 
SEC. 3602. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency. (2) A
QUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term ‘‘aquatic nuisance species’’ means a nonindige-nous species (including a pathogen) that threat-ens the diversity or abundance of native species or the ecological stability of navigable waters or commercial, agricultural, aquacultural, or rec-reational activities dependent on such waters. (3) B
ALLAST WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘ballast water’’ means any water, including any sediment sus-pended in such water, taken aboard a vessel— (i) to control trim, list, draught, stability, or stresses of the vessel; or (ii) during the cleaning, maintenance, or other operation of a ballast water treatment tech-nology of the vessel. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘ballast water’’ does not include any pollutant that is added to water described in subparagraph (A) that is not directly related to the operation of a properly functioning ballast water treatment technology under this title. (4) B
ALLAST WATER PERFORMANCE STAND -
ARD.—The term ‘‘ballast water performance standard’’ means the numerical ballast water discharge standard set forth in section 151.2030 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, or sec-tion 151.1511 of title 33, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as applicable, or a revised numerical bal-last water performance standard established under subsection (a)(1)(B), (b), or (c) of section 3604 of this title. (5) B
ALLAST WATER TREATMENT TECHNOLOGY  
OR TREATMENT TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘ballast water treatment technology’’ or ‘‘treatment technology’’ means any mechanical, physical, chemical, or biological process used, alone or in combination, to remove, render harmless, or avoid the uptake or discharge of, aquatic nui-sance species within ballast water. (6) B
IOCIDE .—The term ‘‘biocide’’ means a substance or organism, including a virus or fun-gus, that is introduced into or produced by a ballast water treatment technology to reduce or eliminate aquatic nuisance species as part of the process used to comply with a ballast water per-formance standard under this title. (7) D
ISCHARGE INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL OP -
ERATION OF A VESSEL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a vessel’’ means— (i) a discharge into navigable waters from a vessel of— (I)(aa) ballast water, graywater, bilge water, cooling water, oil water separator effluent, anti- fouling hull coating leachate, boiler or econo-mizer blowdown, byproducts from cathodic pro-tection, controllable pitch propeller and thruster hydraulic fluid, distillation and reverse osmosis brine, elevator pit effluent, firemain system ef-fluent, freshwater layup effluent, gas turbine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2582 May 17, 2016 
wash water, motor gasoline and compensating effluent, refrigeration and air condensate efflu-ent, seawater pumping biofouling prevention substances, boat engine wet exhaust, sonar dome effluent, exhaust gas scrubber washwater, or stern tube packing gland effluent; or (bb) any other pollutant associated with the operation of a marine propulsion system, ship-board maneuvering system, habitability system, or installed major equipment, or from a protec-tive, preservative, or absorptive application to the hull of a vessel; (II) weather deck runoff, deck wash, aqueous film forming foam effluent, chain locker efflu-ent, non-oily machinery wastewater, under-water ship husbandry effluent, welldeck efflu-ent, or fish hold and fish hold cleaning effluent; or (III) any effluent from a properly functioning marine engine; or (ii) a discharge of a pollutant into navigable waters in connection with the testing, mainte-nance, or repair of a system, equipment, or en-gine described in subclause (I)(bb) or (III) of clause (i) whenever the vessel is waterborne. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a vessel’’ does not include— (i) a discharge into navigable waters from a vessel of— (I) rubbish, trash, garbage, incinerator ash, or other such material discharged overboard; (II) oil or a hazardous substance, as those terms are defined in section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321); (III) sewage, as defined in section 312(a)(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(a)(6)); or (IV) graywater referred to in section 312(a)(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(a)(6)); (ii) an emission of an air pollutant resulting from the operation onboard a vessel of a vessel propulsion system, motor driven equipment, or incinerator; or (iii) a discharge into navigable waters from a vessel when the vessel is operating in a capacity other than as a means of transportation on water. (8) G
EOGRAPHICALLY LIMITED AREA .—The term ‘‘geographically limited area’’ means an area— (A) with a physical limitation, including limi-tation by physical size and limitation by author-ized route, that prevents a vessel from operating outside the area, as determined by the Sec-retary; or (B) that is ecologically homogeneous, as deter-mined by the Secretary, in consultation with the heads of other Federal departments or agencies as the Secretary considers appropriate. (9) M
ANUFACTURER .—The term ‘‘manufac-turer’’ means a person engaged in the manufac-ture, assemblage, or importation of ballast water treatment technology. (10) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. (11) V
ESSEL .—The term ‘‘vessel’’ means every description of watercraft or other artificial con-trivance used, or practically or otherwise capa-ble of being used, as a means of transportation on water. 
SEC. 3603. REGULATION AND ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Administrator, shall establish and implement enforceable uniform national stand-ards and requirements for the regulation of dis-charges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel. The standards and requirements shall— (1) be based upon the best available tech-nology economically achievable; and (2) supersede any permitting requirement or prohibition on discharges incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel under any other provi-sion of law. (b) A
DMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT .—The Secretary shall administer and enforce the uni-form national standards and requirements under this title. Each State may enforce the uni-form national standards and requirements under this title. SEC. 3604. UNIFORM NATIONAL STANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS FOR THE REGULA-TION OF DISCHARGES INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL OPERATION OF A VESSEL. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .— (1) B
ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the requirements set forth in the final rule, Standards for Living Organisms in Ships’ Ballast Water Discharged in U.S. Waters (77 Fed. Reg. 17254 (March 23, 2012), as corrected at 77 Fed. Reg. 33969 (June 8, 2012)), shall be the management requirements for a bal-last water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel until the Secretary revises the ballast water performance standard under subsection (b) or adopts a more stringent State standard under subparagraph (B) of this para-graph. (B) A
DOPTION OF MORE STRINGENT STATE  
STANDARD .—If the Secretary makes a determina-tion in favor of a State petition under section 3609, the Secretary shall adopt the more strin-gent ballast water performance standard speci-fied in the statute or regulation that is the sub-ject of that State petition in lieu of the ballast water performance standard in the final rule de-scribed under subparagraph (A). (2) I
NITIAL MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENTS FOR  
DISCHARGES OTHER THAN BALLAST WATER .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall issue a final rule estab-lishing best management practices for discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel other than ballast water. (b) R
EVISED BALLAST WATER PERFORMANCE  S
TANDARD ; 7–Y EARREVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the feasibility re-view under paragraph (2), not later than Janu-ary 1, 2022, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall issue a final rule revis-ing the ballast water performance standard under subsection (a)(1) so that a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel will contain— (A) less than 1 living organism per 10 cubic meters that is 50 or more micrometers in min-imum dimension; (B) less than 1 living organism per 10 milli-liters that is less than 50 micrometers in min-imum dimension and more than 10 micrometers in minimum dimension; (C) concentrations of indicator microbes that are less than— (i) 1 colony-forming unit of toxicogenic Vibrio cholera (serotypes O1 and O139) per 100 milli-liters or less than 1 colony-forming unit of that microbe per gram of wet weight of zoological samples; (ii) 126 colony-forming units of escherichia coli per 100 milliliters; and (iii) 33 colony-forming units of intestinal enterococci per 100 milliliters; and (D) concentrations of such additional indi-cator microbes and of viruses as may be speci-fied in regulations issued by the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator and such other Federal agencies as the Secretary and the Administrator consider appropriate. (2) F
EASIBILITY REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Secretary, in consultation with the Ad-ministrator, shall complete a review to determine the feasibility of achieving the revised ballast water performance standard under paragraph (1). (B) C
RITERIA FOR REVIEW OF BALLAST WATER  
PERFORMANCE STANDARD .—In conducting a re-view under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall consider whether revising the ballast water performance standard will result in a scientif-ically demonstrable and substantial reduction in the risk of introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species, taking into account— (i) improvements in the scientific under-standing of biological and ecological processes that lead to the introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species; (ii) improvements in ballast water treatment technology, including— (I) the capability of such treatment tech-nology to achieve a revised ballast water per-formance standard; (II) the effectiveness and reliability of such treatment technology in the shipboard environ-ment; (III) the compatibility of such treatment tech-nology with the design and operation of a vessel by class, type, and size; (IV) the commercial availability of such treat-ment technology; and (V) the safety of such treatment technology; (iii) improvements in the capabilities to detect, quantify, and assess the viability of aquatic nuisance species at the concentrations under consideration; (iv) the impact of ballast water treatment technology on water quality; and (v) the costs, cost-effectiveness, and impacts of— (I) a revised ballast water performance stand-ard, including the potential impacts on ship-ping, trade, and other uses of the aquatic envi-ronment; and (II) maintaining the existing ballast water performance standard, including the potential impacts on water-related infrastructure, recre-ation, propagation of native fish, shellfish, and wildlife, and other uses of navigable waters. (C) LOWER REVISED PERFORMANCE STAND -
ARD.— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Administrator, determines, on the basis of the feasibility review and after an op-portunity for a public hearing, that no ballast water treatment technology can be certified under section 3605 to comply with the revised ballast water performance standard under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall require the use of the treatment technology that achieves the per-formance levels of the best treatment technology available. (ii) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—If the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Administrator, determines that the treatment technology under clause (i) cannot be implemented before the im-plementation deadline under paragraph (3) with respect to a class of vessels, the Secretary shall extend the implementation deadline for that class of vessels for not more than 36 months. (iii) C
OMPLIANCE .—If the implementation deadline under paragraph (3) is extended, the Secretary shall recommend action to ensure compliance with the extended implementation deadline under clause (ii). (D) H
IGHER REVISED PERFORMANCE STAND -
ARD.— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Administrator, determines that ballast water treatment technology exists that exceeds the revised ballast water performance standard under paragraph (1) with respect to a class of vessels, the Secretary shall revise the ballast water performance standard for that class of vessels to incorporate the higher per-formance standard. (ii) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—If the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Administrator, determines that the treatment technology under clause (i) can be implemented before the imple-mentation deadline under paragraph (3) with respect to a class of vessels, the Secretary shall accelerate the implementation deadline for that class of vessels. If the implementation deadline under paragraph (3) is accelerated, the Sec-retary shall provide not less than 24 months no-tice before the accelerated deadline takes effect. (3) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—The revised ballast water performance standard under para-graph (1) shall apply to a vessel beginning on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2583 May 17, 2016 
the date of the first drydocking of the vessel on or after January 1, 2022, but not later than De-cember 31, 2024. (4) R
EVISED PERFORMANCE STANDARD COMPLI -
ANCE DEADLINES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may establish a compliance deadline for compliance by a vessel (or a class, type, or size of vessel) with a revised ballast water performance standard under this subsection. (B) P
ROCESS FOR GRANTING EXTENSIONS .—In issuing regulations under this subsection, the Secretary shall establish a process for an owner or operator to submit a petition to the Secretary for an extension of a compliance deadline with respect to the vessel of the owner or operator. (C) P
ERIOD OF EXTENSIONS .—An extension issued under subparagraph (B) may— (i) apply for a period of not to exceed 18 months from the date of the applicable deadline under subparagraph (A); and (ii) be renewable for an additional period of not to exceed 18 months. (D) F
ACTORS .—In issuing a compliance dead-line or reviewing a petition under this para-graph, the Secretary shall consider, with respect to the ability of an owner or operator to meet a compliance deadline, the following factors: (i) Whether the treatment technology to be in-stalled is available in sufficient quantities to meet the compliance deadline. (ii) Whether there is sufficient shipyard or other installation facility capacity. (iii) Whether there is sufficient availability of engineering and design resources. (iv) Vessel characteristics, such as engine room size, layout, or a lack of installed piping. (v) Electric power generating capacity aboard the vessel. (vi) Safety of the vessel and crew. (E) C
ONSIDERATION OF PETITIONS .— (i) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary shall ap-prove or deny a petition for an extension of a compliance deadline submitted by an owner or operator under this paragraph. (ii) D
EADLINE .—If the Secretary does not ap-prove or deny a petition referred to in clause (i) on or before the last day of the 90-day period be-ginning on the date of submission of the peti-tion, the petition shall be deemed approved. (c) F
UTURE REVISIONS OF VESSEL INCIDENTAL  D
ISCHARGE STANDARDS ; DECENNIAL REVIEWS .— (1) R
EVISED BALLAST WATER PERFORMANCE  
STANDARDS .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall complete a review, 10 years after the issuance of a final rule under subsection (b) and every 10 years thereafter, to determine whether further revision of the ballast water performance standard would result in a scientifically demonstrable and substantial re-duction in the risk of the introduction or estab-lishment of aquatic nuisance species. (2) R
EVISED STANDARDS FOR DISCHARGES  
OTHER THAN BALLAST WATER .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, may in-clude in a decennial review under this sub-section best management practices for dis-charges covered by subsection (a)(2). The Sec-retary shall initiate a rulemaking to revise 1 or more best management practices for such dis-charges after a decennial review if the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Administrator, determines that revising 1 or more of such prac-tices would substantially reduce the impacts on navigable waters of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel other than ballast water. (3) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting a review under paragraph (1), the Secretary, the Admin-istrator, and the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies as determined by the Sec-retary, shall consider the criteria under sub-section (b)(2)(B). (4) R
EVISION AFTER DECENNIAL REVIEW .—The Secretary shall initiate a rulemaking to revise the current ballast water performance standard after a decennial review if the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, determines that revising the current ballast water perform-ance standard would result in a scientifically demonstrable and substantial reduction in the risk of the introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species. SEC. 3605. TREATMENT TECHNOLOGY CERTIFI-CATION. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—Beginning 60 days after the date that the requirements for testing protocols are issued under subsection (i), no manufacturer of a ballast water treatment technology shall sell, offer for sale, or introduce or deliver for introduction into interstate com-merce, or import into the United States for sale or resale, a ballast water treatment technology for a vessel unless the treatment technology has been certified under this section. (b) C
ERTIFICATION PROCESS .— (1) E
VALUATION .—Upon application of a man-ufacturer, the Secretary shall evaluate a ballast water treatment technology with respect to— (A) the effectiveness of the treatment tech-nology in achieving the current ballast water performance standard when installed on a ves-sel (or a class, type, or size of vessel); (B) the compatibility with vessel design and operations; (C) the effect of the treatment technology on vessel safety; (D) the impact on the environment; (E) the cost effectiveness; and (F) any other criteria the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) A
PPROVAL .—If after an evaluation under paragraph (1) the Secretary determines that the treatment technology meets the criteria, the Sec-retary may certify the treatment technology for use on a vessel (or a class, type, or size of ves-sel). (3) S
USPENSION AND REVOCATION .—The Sec- retary shall establish, by regulation, a process to suspend or revoke a certification issued under this section. (c) C
ERTIFICATION CONDITIONS .— (1) I
MPOSITION OF CONDITIONS .—In certifying a ballast water treatment technology under this section, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, may impose any condition on the subsequent installation, use, or maintenance of the treatment technology onboard a vessel as is necessary for— (A) the safety of the vessel, the crew of the vessel, and any passengers aboard the vessel; (B) the protection of the environment; or (C) the effective operation of the treatment technology. (2) F
AILURE TO COMPLY .—The failure of an owner or operator to comply with a condition imposed under paragraph (1) shall be considered a violation of this section. (d) P
ERIOD FOR USE OF INSTALLED TREATMENT  E
QUIPMENT .—Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this title or any other provision of law, the Secretary shall allow a vessel on which a system is installed and operated to meet a bal-last water performance standard under this title to continue to use that system, notwithstanding any revision of a ballast water performance standard occurring after the system is ordered or installed until the expiration of the service life of the system, as determined by the Sec-retary, so long as the system— (1) is maintained in proper working condition; and (2) is maintained and used in accordance with the manufacturer’s specifications and any treat-ment technology certification conditions im-posed by the Secretary under this section. (e) C
ERTIFICATES OF TYPEAPPROVAL FOR THE  T
REATMENT TECHNOLOGY .— (1) I
SSUANCE .—If the Secretary approves a ballast water treatment technology for certifi-cation under subsection (b), the Secretary shall issue a certificate of type approval for the treat-ment technology to the manufacturer in such form and manner as the Secretary determines appropriate. (2) C
ERTIFICATION CONDITIONS .—A certificate of type approval issued under paragraph (1) shall specify each condition imposed by the Sec-retary under subsection (c). (3) OWNERS AND OPERATORS .—A manufacturer that receives a certificate of type approval for the treatment technology under this subsection shall provide a copy of the certificate to each owner and operator of a vessel on which the treatment technology is installed. (f) I
NSPECTIONS .—An owner or operator who receives a copy of a certificate under subsection (e)(3) shall retain a copy of the certificate on-board the vessel and make the copy of the cer-tificate available for inspection at all times while the owner or operator is utilizing the treatment technology. (g) B
IOCIDES .—The Secretary may not approve a ballast water treatment technology under sub-section (b) if— (1) it uses a biocide or generates a biocide that is a pesticide, as defined in section 2 of the Fed-eral Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136), unless the biocide is registered under that Act or the Secretary, in consultation with Administrator, has approved the use of the biocide in such treatment technology; or (2) it uses or generates a biocide the discharge of which causes or contributes to a violation of a water quality standard under section 303 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1313). (h) P
ROHIBITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the use of a ballast water treatment technology by an owner or operator of a vessel shall not satisfy the requirements of this title unless it has been approved by the Secretary under subsection (b). (2) E
XCEPTIONS .— (A) C
OAST GUARD SHIPBOARD TECHNOLOGY  
EVALUATION PROGRAM .—An owner or operator may use a ballast water treatment technology that has not been certified by the Secretary to comply with the requirements of this section if the technology is being evaluated under the Coast Guard Shipboard Technology Evaluation Program. (B) B
ALLAST WATER TREATMENT TECHNOLOGIES  
CERTIFIED BY FOREIGN ENTITIES .—An owner or operator may use a ballast water treatment technology that has not been certified by the Secretary to comply with the requirements of this section if the technology has been certified by a foreign entity and the certification dem-onstrates performance and safety of the treat-ment technology equivalent to the requirements of this section, as determined by the Secretary. (i) T
ESTING PROTOCOLS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Sec-retary, shall issue requirements for land-based and shipboard testing protocols or criteria for— (1) certifying the performance of each ballast water treatment technology under this section; and (2) certifying laboratories to evaluate such treatment technologies. 
SEC. 3606. EXEMPTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No permit shall be required or prohibition enforced under any other provi-sion of law for, nor shall any standards regard-ing a discharge incidental to the normal oper-ation of a vessel under this title apply to— (1) a discharge incidental to the normal oper-ation of a vessel if the vessel is less than 79 feet in length and engaged in commercial service (as defined in section 2101(5) of title 46, United States Code); (2) a discharge incidental to the normal oper-ation of a vessel if the vessel is a fishing vessel, including a fish processing vessel and a fish ten-der vessel (as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code); (3) a discharge incidental to the normal oper-ation of a vessel if the vessel is a recreational vessel (as defined in section 2101(25) of title 46, United States Code); (4) the placement, release, or discharge of equipment, devices, or other material from a ves-sel for the sole purpose of conducting research 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2584 May 17, 2016 
on the aquatic environment or its natural re-sources in accordance with generally recognized scientific methods, principles, or techniques; (5) any discharge into navigable waters from a vessel authorized by an on-scene coordinator in accordance with part 300 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, or part 153 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations; (6) any discharge into navigable waters from a vessel that is necessary to secure the safety of the vessel or human life, or to suppress a fire onboard the vessel or at a shoreside facility; or (7) a vessel of the armed forces of a foreign nation when engaged in noncommercial service. (b) B
ALLAST WATER DISCHARGES .—No permit shall be required or prohibition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any ballast water performance standards under this title apply to— (1) a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel determined by the Secretary to— (A) operate exclusively within a geographi-cally limited area; (B) take up and discharge ballast water exclu-sively within 1 Captain of the Port Zone estab-lished by the Coast Guard, unless the Secretary determines such discharge poses a substantial risk of introduction or establishment of an aquatic nuisance species; (C) operate pursuant to a geographic restric-tion issued as a condition under section 3309 of title 46, United States Code, or an equivalent re-striction issued by the country of registration of the vessel; or (D) continuously take on and discharge bal-last water in a flow-through system that does not introduce aquatic nuisance species into nav-igable waters; (2) a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel consisting entirely of water suitable for human consumption; or (3) a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel in an alternative compliance program established pursuant to sec-tion 3607. (c) V
ESSELS WITH PERMANENT BALLAST  W
ATER.—No permit shall be required or prohibi-tion enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any ballast water performance standard under this title apply to, a vessel that carries all of its permanent ballast water in sealed tanks that are not subject to discharge. (d) V
ESSELS OF THE ARMED FORCES .—Nothing in this title shall be construed to apply to the following vessels: (1) A vessel owned or operated by the Depart-ment of Defense (other than a time-chartered or voyage-chartered vessel). (2) A vessel of the Coast Guard, as designated by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. 
SEC. 3607. ALTERNATIVE COMPLIANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Administrator, may promulgate regulations establishing 1 or more compliance programs as an alternative to ballast water management regulations issued under section 3604 for a vessel that— (1) has a maximum ballast water capacity of less than 8 cubic meters; (2) is less than 3 years from the end of the use-ful life of the vessel, as determined by the Sec-retary; or (3) discharges ballast water into a facility for the reception of ballast water that meets stand-ards promulgated by the Administrator, in con-sultation with the Secretary. (b) PROMULGATION OF FACILITY STANDARDS .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator, in consulta-tion with the Secretary, shall promulgate stand-ards for— (1) the reception of ballast water from a vessel into a reception facility; and (2) the disposal or treatment of the ballast water under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 3608. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An interested person may file a petition for review of a final regulation promulgated under this title in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Co-lumbia Circuit. (b) D
EADLINE .—A petition shall be filed not later than 120 days after the date that notice of the promulgation appears in the Federal Reg-ister. (c) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subsection (b), a petition that is based solely on grounds that arise after the deadline to file a petition under subsection (b) has passed may be filed not later than 120 days after the date that the grounds first arise. 
SEC. 3609. EFFECT ON STATE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No State or political subdivi-sion thereof may adopt or enforce any statute or regulation of the State or political subdivision with respect to a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a), a State or political subdivision thereof may enforce a statute or regulation of the State or political subdivision with respect to ballast water discharges incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel that specifies a ballast water performance standard that is more strin-gent than the ballast water performance stand-ard under section 3604(a)(1)(A) and is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act if the Sec-retary, after consultation with the Adminis-trator and any other Federal department or agency the Secretary considers appropriate, makes a determination that— (1) compliance with any performance stand-ard specified in the statute or regulation can in fact be achieved and detected; (2) the technology and systems necessary to comply with the statute or regulation are com-mercially available; and (3) the statute or regulation is consistent with obligations under relevant international treaties or agreements to which the United States is a party. (c) P
ETITION PROCESS .— (1) S
UBMISSION .—The Governor of a State seeking to enforce a statute or regulation under subsection (b) shall submit a petition requesting the Secretary to review the statute or regula-tion. (2) C
ONTENTS ; DEADLINE .—A petition shall— (A) be accompanied by the scientific and tech-nical information on which the petition is based; and (B) be submitted to the Secretary not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (3) DETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary shall make a determination on a petition under this subsection not later than 90 days after the date that the petition is received. 
SEC. 3610. APPLICATION WITH OTHER STATUTES. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, this title shall be the exclusive statutory author-ity for regulation by the Federal Government of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel to which this title applies. Except as provided under section 3604(a)(1)(A), any regu-lation in effect on the date immediately pre-ceding the effective date of this Act relating to any permitting requirement for or prohibition on discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel to which this title applies shall be deemed to be a regulation issued pursuant to the authority of this title and shall remain in full force and effect unless or until superseded by new regulations issued hereunder. DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES 
SEC. 4001. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS IN FUNDING TABLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Whenever a funding table in this division specifies a dollar amount author-ized for a project, program, or activity, the obli-gation and expenditure of the specified dollar amount for the project, program, or activity is hereby authorized, subject to the availability of appropriations. (b) M
ERIT-BASED DECISIONS .—A decision to commit, obligate, or expend funds with or to a specific entity on the basis of a dollar amount authorized pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) be based on merit-based selection proce-dures in accordance with the requirements of sections 2304(k) and 2374 of title 10, United States Code, or on competitive procedures; and (2) comply with other applicable provisions of law. (c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRANSFER AND PROGRAM -
MING AUTHORITY .—An amount specified in the funding tables in this division may be trans-ferred or reprogrammed under a transfer or re-programming authority provided by another provision of this Act or by other law. The trans-fer or reprogramming of an amount specified in such funding tables shall not count against a ceiling on such transfers or reprogrammings under section 1001 or section 1522 of this Act or any other provision of law, unless such transfer or reprogramming would move funds between appropriation accounts. (d) A
PPLICABILITY TO CLASSIFIED ANNEX .— This section applies to any classified annex that accompanies this Act. (e) O
RAL AND WRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS .—No oral or written communication concerning any amount specified in the funding tables in this division shall supersede the requirements of this section. TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT. 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY FIXED WING 001 UTILITY F/W AIRCRAFT ....................................................................................................... ..................... 57,529 57,529 003 MQ–1 UAV ................................................................................................................... ................................ 55,388 84,988 Ground Mounted Airspace Deconfliction Radar .................................................................................... ... [29,600 ] ROTARY 006 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN .............................................................................................. ............ 803,084 803,084 007 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 185,160 185,160 008 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) .............................................................................................. ......... 755,146 755,146 009 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 174,107 174,107 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2585 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
010 UH–60 BLACK HAWK A AND L MODELS ............................................................................................ ........ 46,173 46,173 011 CH–47 HELICOPTER ........................................................................................................... ........................ 556,257 556,257 012 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 8,707 8,707 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 013 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) ......................................................................................................... ....................... 43,735 43,735 015 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ............................................................................................... ............. 94,527 94,527 016 AH–64 MODS ................................................................................................................. .............................. 137,883 137,883 017 CH–47 CARGO HELICOPTER MODS (MYP) .......................................................................................... ....... 102,943 102,943 018 GRCS SEMA MODS (MIP) ....................................................................................................... .................... 4,055 4,055 019 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ........................................................................................................ ..................... 6,793 6,793 020 EMARSS SEMA MODS (MIP) ..................................................................................................... .................. 13,197 13,197 021 UTILITY/CARGO AIRPLANE MODS ................................................................................................ ............ 17,526 17,526 022 UTILITY HELICOPTER MODS .................................................................................................... ................ 10,807 10,807 023 NETWORK AND MISSION PLAN ................................................................................................... .............. 74,752 74,752 024 COMMS, NAV SURVEILLANCE .................................................................................................... ............... 69,960 69,960 025 GATM ROLLUP ................................................................................................................ ........................... 45,302 45,302 026 RQ–7 UAV MODS .............................................................................................................. ........................... 71,169 71,169 027 UAS MODS ................................................................................................................... ............................... 21,804 26,224 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [4,420 ] GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 028 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ...... 67,377 67,377 029 SURVIVABILITY CM ........................................................................................................... ....................... 9,565 9,565 030 CMWS ....................................................................................................................... .................................. 41,626 41,626 OTHER SUPPORT 032 AVIONICS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............ 7,007 7,007 033 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ........... 48,234 48,234 034 AIRCREW INTEGRATED SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ........... 30,297 30,297 035 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ........................................................................................................ .................... 50,405 50,405 036 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ...................................................................................................... .................... 1,217 1,217 037 LAUNCHER, 2.75 ROCKET ...................................................................................................... .................... 3,055 3,055 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ...................................................................................... 3,614,787 3,648,807 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 001 LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) ................................................................................... . 126,470 126,470 002 MSE MISSILE ................................................................................................................ .............................. 423,201 423,201 003 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 19,319 19,319 AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 004 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ....................................................................................................... .................. 42,013 42,013 005 JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MSLS (JAGM) ............................................................................................ .......... 64,751 64,751 006 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 37,100 37,100 ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 007 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY ............................................................................................ ....... 73,508 89,075 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [15,567 ] 008 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY ....................................................................................................... ................. 64,922 145,574 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [80,652 ] 009 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 19,949 19,949 010 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) ................................................................................................. ............. 172,088 248,079 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [75,991 ] 011 MLRS REDUCED RANGE PRACTICE ROCKETS (RRPR) ............................................................................. 18,0 04 18,004 MODIFICATIONS 013 PATRIOT MODS ............................................................................................................... .......................... 197,107 197,107 014 ATACMS MODS ................................................................................................................ ........................... 150,043 150,043 
015 GMLRS MOD .................................................................................................................. ............................. 395 395 017 AVENGER MODS ............................................................................................................... ......................... 33,606 33,606 018 ITAS/TOW MODS .............................................................................................................. .......................... 383 383 019 MLRS MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................. 34,704 34,704 020 HIMARS MODIFICATIONS ....................................................................................................... .................. 1,847 1,847 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 021 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 34,487 34,487 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 022 AIR DEFENSE TARGETS ........................................................................................................ ..................... 4,915 4,915 024 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............. 1,154 1,154 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY .......................................................................................... 1,519,966 1,692,176 PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 001 STRYKER VEHICLE ............................................................................................................ ........................ 71,680 71,680 MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 002 STRYKER (MOD) .............................................................................................................. .......................... 74,348 74,348 003 STRYKER UPGRADE ............................................................................................................ ...................... 444,561 444,561 005 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ...................................................................................................... ................ 276,433 276,433 006 HOWITZER, MED SP FT 155MM M109A6 (MOD) ..................................................................................... ..... 63,138 63,138 007 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) ........................................................................................ .. 469,305 594,489 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [125,184 ] 008 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ............................................................................. 91,9 63 91,963 009 ASSAULT BRIDGE (MOD) ....................................................................................................... .................... 3,465 9,415 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [5,950 ] 010 ASSAULT BREACHER VEHICLE ................................................................................................... .............. 2,928 2,928 011 M88 FOV MODS ............................................................................................................... ........................... 8,685 8,685 012 JOINT ASSAULT BRIDGE ....................................................................................................... .................... 64,752 64,752 013 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ....................................................................................................... ................... 480,166 480,166 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2586 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
014 ABRAMS UPGRADE PROGRAM ..................................................................................................... ............. 172,200 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [172,200 ] WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 016 INTEGRATED AIR BURST WEAPON SYSTEM FAMILY .............................................................................. 9,76 4 9,764 017 MORTAR SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................. ....................... 8,332 8,332 018 XM320 GRENADE LAUNCHER MODULE (GLM) ........................................................................................ .. 3,062 3,062 019 COMPACT SEMI-AUTOMATIC SNIPER SYSTEM ....................................................................................... . 992 992 020 CARBINE .................................................................................................................... ................................ 40,493 40,493 021 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION ........................................................................... 25,164 2 5,164 MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 022 MK–19 GRENADE MACHINE GUN MODS ............................................................................................. ....... 4,959 4,959 023 M777 MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................... 11,913 11,913 024 M4 CARBINE MODS ............................................................................................................ ........................ 29,752 29,752 025 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................. .............. 48,582 48,582 026 M249 SAW MACHINE GUN MODS .................................................................................................. .............. 1,179 1,179 027 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS ............................................................................................... ......... 1,784 1,784 028 SNIPER RIFLES MODIFICATIONS ................................................................................................ ............. 971 971 029 M119 MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... ...................... 6,045 6,045 030 MORTAR MODIFICATION ........................................................................................................ .................. 12,118 12,118 031 MODIFICATIONS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) .................................................................................. 3,157 3,157 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 032 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) .......................................................................................... ......... 2,331 2,331 035 SMALL ARMS EQUIPMENT (SOLDIER ENH PROG) ................................................................................... 3 ,155 3,155 036 BRADLEY PROGRAM ............................................................................................................ ..................... 72,800 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [72,800 ] TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ...................................................................................... 2,265,177 2,641,311 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 001 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ...................... 40,296 40,296 002 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ...................... 39,237 48,879 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [9,642 ] 003 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ................. 5,193 5,193 004 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ....................... 46,693 52,691 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [5,998 ] 005 CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 7,000 8,077 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [1,077 ] 006 CTG, 25MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 7,753 34,987 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–1,300 ] Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [28,534 ] 007 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 47,000 47,000 008 CTG, 40MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 118,178 115,501 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [7,423 ] Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ................... [–10,100 ] MORTAR AMMUNITION 009 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ................. 69,784 69,784 010 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ................. 36,125 38,802 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [2,677 ] 011 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ................. 69,133 69,133 
TANK AMMUNITION 012 CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES .............................................................................. 1 20,668 129,667 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [8,999 ] ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 013 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................................... 64, 800 64,800 014 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................... .... 109,515 129,863 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [20,348 ] 015 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 ............................................................................................. .......... 39,200 39,340 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [140 ] 016 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ........................................................................ 70,881  95,536 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [24,655 ] MINES 017 MINES & CLEARING CHARGES, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................ ...... 16,866 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [16,866 ] NETWORKED MUNITIONS 018 SPIDER NETWORK MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................ .... 10,353 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [10,353 ] ROCKETS 019 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................... 3 8,000 101,210 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [63,210 ] 020 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............... 87,213 87,213 OTHER AMMUNITION 021 CAD/PAD, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ....................... 4,914 4,914 022 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ........ 6,380 12,753 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [6,373 ] 023 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ..................... 22,760 26,903 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [4,143 ] 024 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ........................ 10,666 12,518 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [1,852 ] 025 SIMULATORS, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ................... 7,412 7,412 MISCELLANEOUS 026 AMMO COMPONENTS, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................. ........... 12,726 12,726 027 NON-LETHAL AMMUNITION, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................... ...... 6,100 6,873 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2587 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [773 ] 028 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) .......................................................................................... ......... 10,006 10,006 029 AMMUNITION PECULIAR EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ....... 17,275 13,575 Program reduction- excess carryover ............................................................................................ ............ [–3,700 ] 030 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION (AMMO) ................................................................................... 1 4,951 14,951 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT 032 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ...................................................................................................... .................... 222,269 242,269 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................... [20,000 ] 033 CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS DEMILITARIZATION ................................................................................. 157 ,383 157,383 034 ARMS INITIATIVE ............................................................................................................ .......................... 3,646 3,646 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ........................................................................... 1,513,157 1,731,120 OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY TACTICAL VEHICLES 001 TACTICAL TRAILERS/DOLLY SETS ............................................................................................... ............ 3,733 3,733 002 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ..................................................................................................... .................. 3,716 7,896 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [4,180 ] 003 HI MOB MULTI-PURP WHLD VEH (HMMWV) ......................................................................................... .. 50,000 HMMWV M997A3 ambulance recapitalization for Active Component ......................................................... [50,000 ] 004 GROUND MOBILITY VEHICLES (GMV) ............................................................................................. ......... 4,907 4,907 006 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... ............. 587,514 587,514 007 TRUCK, DUMP, 20T (CCE) ..................................................................................................... ..................... 3,927 3,927 008 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ....................................................................................... ... 53,293 200,769 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [147,476 ] 009 FIRETRUCKS & ASSOCIATED FIREFIGHTING EQUIP ............................................................................... 7, 460 7,460 010 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) ................................................................................... 39,564 45,686 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [6,122 ] 011 PLS ESP .................................................................................................................... .................................. 11,856 118,214 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [106,358 ] 012 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV .......................................................................... 76,561  Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [76,561 ] 013 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS ................................................................................. 49 ,751 76,870 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [27,119 ] 014 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ............................................................................................... ............. 64,000 57,456 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–10,000 ] Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [3,456 ] 015 MINE-RESISTANT AMBUSH-PROTECTED (MRAP) MODS ......................................................................... 10,611 10,611 NON-TACTICAL VEHICLES 016 HEAVY ARMORED SEDAN ........................................................................................................ ................. 394 394 018 NONTACTICAL VEHICLES, OTHER ................................................................................................ ............ 1,755 1,755 COMM—JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 019 WIN-T—GROUND FORCES TACTICAL NETWORK ..................................................................................... 42 7,598 434,170 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [6,572 ] 020 SIGNAL MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ............................................................................................... ........ 58,250 58,250 021 JOINT INCIDENT SITE COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITY ......................................................................... 5,749  5,749 022 JCSE EQUIPMENT (USREDCOM) .................................................................................................. .............. 5,068 5,068 COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 023 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIDEBAND SATCOM SYSTEMS ........................................................................... 143,80 5 143,805 
024 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................ 36,580 36,580 025 SHF TERM ................................................................................................................... ............................... 1,985 25,985 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [24,000 ] 027 SMART-T (SPACE) ............................................................................................................ .......................... 9,165 9,165 COMM—C3 SYSTEM 031 ARMY GLOBAL CMD & CONTROL SYS (AGCCS) ...................................................................................... .. 2,530 2,530 COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 033 HANDHELD MANPACK SMALL FORM FIT (HMS) ..................................................................................... 2 73,645 273,645 034 MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) ............................................................................. 25,0 17 25,017 035 RADIO TERMINAL SET, MIDS LVT(2) ............................................................................................ ............ 12,326 12,326 037 TRACTOR DESK ............................................................................................................... .......................... 2,034 2,034 038 TRACTOR RIDE ............................................................................................................... ........................... 2,334 2,334 039 SPIDER APLA REMOTE CONTROL UNIT ............................................................................................ ....... 1,985 1,985 040 SPIDER FAMILY OF NETWORKED MUNITIONS INCR .............................................................................. 10,7 96 10,796 042 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM .................................................................... 3,607 3,60 7 043 UNIFIED COMMAND SUITE ...................................................................................................... ................. 14,295 14,295 045 FAMILY OF MED COMM FOR COMBAT CASUALTY CARE ....................................................................... 19,893 19 ,893 COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 047 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE ................................................................................................. ........... 1,388 1,388 048 ARMY CA/MISO GPF EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............ 5,494 5,494 INFORMATION SECURITY 049 FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS ....................................................................................................... ................... 2,978 2,978 051 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ........................................................................................... ..... 131,356 133,284 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [1,928 ] 052 DEFENSIVE CYBER OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............ 15,132 15,132 COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 053 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................ ......... 27,452 27,452 COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 054 INFORMATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ................... 122,055 122,055 055 EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ..................................................................... 4,286 4,286 056 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ...................................................................... 131,794 1 31,794 ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 059 JTT/CIBS-M ................................................................................................................. ................................ 5,337 5,337 062 DCGS-A (MIP) ............................................................................................................... .............................. 242,514 242,514 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2588 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
063 JOINT TACTICAL GROUND STATION (JTAGS) ...................................................................................... ..... 4,417 4,417 064 TROJAN (MIP) ............................................................................................................... ............................. 17,455 17,615 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [160 ] 065 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) ...................................................................................... ......... 44,965 44,965 066 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING AND COLL(CHARCS) .................................................................................. 7 ,658 7,658 067 CLOSE ACCESS TARGET RECONNAISSANCE (CATR) ................................................................................. 7 ,970 7,970 068 MACHINE FOREIGN LANGUAGE TRANSLATION SYSTEM-M .................................................................... 545 545 ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 070 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER MORTAR RADAR ........................................................................................... .. 74,038 99,930 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [25,892 ] 071 EW PLANNING & MANAGEMENT TOOLS (EWPMT) ................................................................................... 3, 235 3,235 072 AIR VIGILANCE (AV) ......................................................................................................... ......................... 733 733 074 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIE ......................................................................... 1,740  1,740 075 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ..................................................................... 455 455 076 CI MODERNIZATION ........................................................................................................... ....................... 176 176 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 077 SENTINEL MODS .............................................................................................................. .......................... 40,171 40,171 078 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ....................................................................................................... ..................... 163,029 163,029 079 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF .............................................................................. 15,8 85 15,885 080 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS ............................................................................... 48 ,427 52,697 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [4,270 ] 081 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) .............................................................................................. ........... 55,536 55,536 082 ARTILLERY ACCURACY EQUIP ................................................................................................... .............. 4,187 4,187 085 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) ..................................................................................... 1 37,501 137,501 086 JOINT EFFECTS TARGETING SYSTEM (JETS) ...................................................................................... ..... 50,726 50,726 087 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (LLDR) ................................................................................................. ................ 28,058 28,058 088 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................ ........ 5,924 5,924 089 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM ................................................................................................. ........... 22,331 22,621 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [290 ] 090 COUNTERFIRE RADARS ......................................................................................................... ................... 314,509 281,509 Unit cost savings .............................................................................................................. ...................... [–33,000 ] ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 091 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY ..................................................................................................... .................. 8,660 8,660 092 AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS ................................................................................... 54,376 124,334 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [69,958 ] 093 IAMD BATTLE COMMAND SYSTEM ................................................................................................. ......... 204,969 204,969 094 LIFE CYCLE SOFTWARE SUPPORT (LCSS) ......................................................................................... ....... 4,718 4,718 095 NETWORK MANAGEMENT INITIALIZATION AND SERVICE ..................................................................... 11,063 11 ,063 096 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) .............................................................................................. ........ 151,318 151,318 097 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM-ARMY (GCSS-A) ............................................................................ 155,6 60 155,660 098 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPP ....................................................................... 4,214 4 ,214 099 RECONNAISSANCE AND SURVEYING INSTRUMENT SET .......................................................................... 16,185  16,185 100 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (ENFIRE) ........................................................................................... ......... 1,565 1,565 ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 101 ARMY TRAINING MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ .......... 17,693 17,693 102 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ ..... 107,960 107,960 103 GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEMS FAM ......................................................................... 6,416 6,416 104 HIGH PERF COMPUTING MOD PGM (HPCMP) ........................................................................................ .. 58,614 58,614 105 CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM .................................................................................................... ............... 986 986 106 RESERVE COMPONENT AUTOMATION SYS (RCAS) .................................................................................. 23 ,828 23,828 ELECT EQUIP—AUDIO VISUAL SYS (A/V) 107 TACTICAL DIGITAL MEDIA .....................................................................................................
.................. 1,191 1,191 108 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SURVEYING EQUIPMENT) .................................................................................. 1,995 2,091 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [96 ] ELECT EQUIP—SUPPORT 109 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (C-E) .............................................................................................. ........... 403 403 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 110A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 4,436 4,436 CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 111 PROTECTIVE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... .................... 2,966 2,966 112 FAMILY OF NON-LETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) ...................................................................................... .. 9,795 9,795 114 CBRN DEFENSE ............................................................................................................... ........................... 17,922 19,763 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [1,841 ] BRIDGING EQUIPMENT 115 TACTICAL BRIDGING .......................................................................................................... ....................... 13,553 39,553 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [26,000 ] 116 TACTICAL BRIDGE, FLOAT-RIBBON .............................................................................................. ........... 25,244 25,244 117 BRIDGE SUPPLEMENTAL SET .................................................................................................... ............... 983 983 118 COMMON BRIDGE TRANSPORTER (CBT) RECAP ...................................................................................... 25,176 25,176 ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 119 GRND STANDOFF MINE DETECTN SYSM (GSTAMIDS) ............................................................................. 39,3 50 39,350 120 AREA MINE DETECTION SYSTEM (AMDS) .......................................................................................... ...... 10,500 10,500 121 HUSKY MOUNTED DETECTION SYSTEM (HMDS) ..................................................................................... 2 74 274 122 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM (RCSS) ....................................................................................... ... 2,951 2,951 123 EOD ROBOTICS SYSTEMS RECAPITALIZATION ...................................................................................... . 1,949 1,949 124 ROBOTICS AND APPLIQUE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ......... 5,203 5,471 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [268 ] 125 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQPMT (EOD EQPMT) ...................................................................... 5,570 5, 570 126 REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............ 6,238 6,238 127 < $5M, COUNTERMINE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ........... 836 836 128 FAMILY OF BOATS AND MOTORS ................................................................................................. ........... 3,171 3,451 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [280 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2589 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 129 HEATERS AND ECU’S .......................................................................................................... ....................... 18,707 19,601 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [894 ] 130 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT ........................................................................................................ .................. 2,112 2,112 131 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) ................................................................................. 10 ,856 10,856 132 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ................. 32,419 32,419 133 MOBILE SOLDIER POWER ....................................................................................................... .................. 30,014 30,014 135 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............... 12,544 15,209 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [2,665 ] 136 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM ..................................................................... 18,509 18 ,509 137 FAMILY OF ENGR COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS .......................................................................... 29,384  39,173 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [9,789 ] 138 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (ENG SPT) .............................................................................................. ............... 300 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [300 ] PETROLEUM EQUIPMENT 139 QUALITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ....... 4,487 9,287 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [4,800 ] 140 DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, PETROLEUM & WATER .................................................................................. 42 ,656 63,476 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [20,820 ] MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 141 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ..................................................................................................... .............. 59,761 65,524 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [5,763 ] MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 142 MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... 3 5,694 33,803 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–3,500 ] Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [1,609 ] 143 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) ........................................................................................... ............. 2,716 2,861 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [145 ] CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 144 GRADER, ROAD MTZD, HVY, 6X4 (CCE) .......................................................................................... .......... 1,742 4,789 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [3,047 ] 145 SCRAPERS, EARTHMOVING ...................................................................................................... ................. 26,233 26,233 147 HYDRAULIC EXCAVATOR ........................................................................................................ ................. 1,123 1,123 148 TRACTOR, FULL TRACKED ...................................................................................................... ................. 4,426 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [4,426 ] 149 ALL TERRAIN CRANES ......................................................................................................... ..................... 65,285 65,285 151 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) ................................................................................... 1 ,743 4,643 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [2,900 ] 152 ENHANCED RAPID AIRFIELD CONSTRUCTION CAPAP ............................................................................ 2,779  2,779 154 CONST EQUIP ESP ............................................................................................................ ......................... 26,712 23,212 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–3,500 ] 155 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (CONST EQUIP) ........................................................................................ .......... 6,649 6,745 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [96 ] RAIL FLOAT CONTAINERIZATION EQUIPMENT 156 ARMY WATERCRAFT ESP ........................................................................................................ .................. 21,860 16,860 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–5,000 
] 157 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (FLOAT/RAIL) ......................................................................................... ........... 1,967 1,967 GENERATORS 158 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ ....... 113,266 125,727 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–7,500 ] Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [19,961 ] 159 TACTICAL ELECTRIC POWER RECAPITALIZATION ................................................................................. 7, 867 7,867 MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 160 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................................................................ .................... 2,307 3,153 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [846 ] TRAINING EQUIPMENT 161 COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS SUPPORT ............................................................................................ ...... 75,359 75,359 162 TRAINING DEVICES, NONSYSTEM ................................................................................................ ............. 253,050 253,050 163 CLOSE COMBAT TACTICAL TRAINER .............................................................................................. ......... 48,271 48,271 164 AVIATION COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER ................................................................................... 4 0,000 40,000 165 GAMING TECHNOLOGY IN SUPPORT OF ARMY TRAINING ...................................................................... 11,543 1 1,543 TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 166 CALIBRATION SETS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............ 4,963 4,963 167 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ............................................................................... 29 ,781 29,781 168 TEST EQUIPMENT MODERNIZATION (TEMOD) ....................................................................................... . 6,342 7,482 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [1,140 ] OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 169 M25 STABILIZED BINOCULAR ................................................................................................... ................ 3,149 3,149 170 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................... 18, 003 18,003 171 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) ........................................................................................... ......... 44,082 44,082 172 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 2,168 2,168 173 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) ................................................................................... .. 67,367 67,367 174 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (OTH) .............................................................................................. .......... 1,528 1,528 175 SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR USER TESTING ......................................................................................... ..... 8,289 8,289 177 TRACTOR YARD ............................................................................................................... .......................... 6,888 6,888 OPA2 179 INITIAL SPARES—C&E ......................................................................................................... ...................... 27,243 27,243 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................ 5,873,949 6,473,477 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY COMBAT AIRCRAFT 003 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV .................................................................................................... ................... 890,650 890,650 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2590 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
004 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 80,908 80,908 005 JSF STOVL .................................................................................................................. ................................ 2,037,768 2,037,768 006 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 233,648 233,648 007 CH–53K (HEAVY LIFT) ........................................................................................................ ........................ 348,615 348,615 008 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 88,365 88,365 009 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) ......................................................................................................... ......................... 1,264,134 1,264,134 010 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 19,674 19,674 011 H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) ................................................................................................. ................. 759,778 759,778 012 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 57,232 57,232 014 MH–60R (MYP) ............................................................................................................... ............................. 61,177 26,177 Line shutdown costs—early to need .............................................................................................. ........... [–35,000 ] 016 P–8A POSEIDON .............................................................................................................. ........................... 1,940,238 1,940,238 017 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 123,140 123,140 018 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE ........................................................................................................... ...................... 916,483 916,483 019 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 125,042 125,042 TRAINER AIRCRAFT 020 JPATS ...................................................................................................................... ................................... 5,849 5,849 OTHER AIRCRAFT 021 KC–130J .................................................................................................................... ................................... 128,870 128,870 022 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 24,848 24,848 023 MQ–4 TRITON ................................................................................................................ ............................. 409,005 409,005 024 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 55,652 55,652 025 MQ–8 UAV ................................................................................................................... ................................ 72,435 72,435 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 029 AEA SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................ ............................ 51,900 51,900 030 AV–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................... 60,818 60,818 031 ADVERSARY .................................................................................................................. ............................. 5,191 5,191 032 F–18 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................ 1,023,492 986,192 Unobligated balances ........................................................................................................... ................... [–37,300 ] 034 H–53 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................ 46,095 46,095 035 SH–60 SERIES ............................................................................................................... ............................... 108,328 108,328 036 H–1 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 46,333 46,333 037 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................... 14,681 14,681 038 P–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 2,781 2,781 039 E–2 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 32,949 32,949 040 TRAINER A/C SERIES ......................................................................................................... ........................ 13,199 13,199 041 C–2A ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 19,066 19,066 042 C–130 SERIES ............................................................................................................... ............................... 61,788 61,788 043 FEWSG ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 618 618 044 CARGO/TRANSPORT A/C SERIES ................................................................................................. .............. 9,822 9,822 045 E–6 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 222,077 222,077 046 EXECUTIVE HELICOPTERS SERIES ............................................................................................... ........... 66,835 66,835 047 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT ................................................................................................... ................ 16,497 16,497 048 T–45 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................ 114,887 114,887 049 POWER PLANT CHANGES ........................................................................................................ .................. 16,893 16,893 050 JPATS SERIES ............................................................................................................... .............................. 17,401 17,401 051 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ............... 143,773 143,773 052 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES .................................................................................................... .............. 164,839 164,839 053 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM ............................................................................................. ..... 4,403 4,403 054 ID SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. .............................. 45,768 45,768 055 P–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 18,836 18,836 
056 MAGTF EW FOR AVIATION ...................................................................................................... ................. 5,676 5,676 057 MQ–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................ .............................. 19,003 19,003 058 RQ–7 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................... 3,534 3,534 059 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY .............................................................................................. .............. 141,545 141,545 060 F–35 STOVL SERIES .......................................................................................................... .......................... 34,928 34,928 061 F–35 CV SERIES ............................................................................................................. ............................. 26,004 26,004 062 QRC ........................................................................................................................ .................................... 5,476 5,476 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 063 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 1,407,626 1,407,626 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 064 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ........... 390,103 390,103 065 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ............................................................................................. ........... 23,194 23,194 066 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................ ..................... 40,613 40,613 067 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ................................................................................................... ............ 860 860 068 SPECIAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............. 36,282 36,282 069 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ...... 1,523 1,523 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ....................................................................................... 14,109,148 14,036,848 WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 001 TRIDENT II MODS ............................................................................................................ .......................... 1,103,086 1,103,086 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 002 MISSILE INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. .............. 6,776 6,776 STRATEGIC MISSILES 003 TOMAHAWK ................................................................................................................... ............................ 186,905 186,905 TACTICAL MISSILES 004 AMRAAM ..................................................................................................................... ............................... 204,697 204,697 005 SIDEWINDER ................................................................................................................. ............................. 70,912 70,912 006 JSOW ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 2,232 2,232 007 STANDARD MISSILE ........................................................................................................... ....................... 501,212 501,212 008 RAM ........................................................................................................................ .................................... 71,557 71,557 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2591 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
009 JOINT AIR GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ............................................................................................ ............ 26,200 26,200 012 STAND OFF PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS (SOPGM) ........................................................................... 3,31 6 3,316 013 AERIAL TARGETS ............................................................................................................. ......................... 137,484 137,484 014 OTHER MISSILE SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... .................. 3,248 3,248 015 LRASM ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 29,643 29,643 MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 016 ESSM ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 52,935 52,935 018 HARM MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................ 178,213 178,213 019 STANDARD MISSILES MODS ..................................................................................................... ................ 8,164 8,164 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 020 WEAPONS INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. ........... 1,964 1,964 021 FLEET SATELLITE COMM FOLLOW-ON ............................................................................................. ...... 36,723 36,723 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 022 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ......... 59,096 59,096 TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 023 SSTD ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 5,910 5,910 024 MK–48 TORPEDO .............................................................................................................. .......................... 44,537 44,537 025 ASW TARGETS ................................................................................................................ ............................ 9,302 9,302 MOD OF TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 026 MK–54 TORPEDO MODS ......................................................................................................... .................... 98,092 98,092 027 MK–48 TORPEDO ADCAP MODS ................................................................................................... .............. 46,139 46,139 028 QUICKSTRIKE MINE ........................................................................................................... ....................... 1,236 1,236 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 029 TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ........... 60,061 60,061 030 ASW RANGE SUPPORT .......................................................................................................... ..................... 3,706 3,706 DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 031 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ...... 3,804 3,804 GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 032 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ..................................................................................................... ............... 18,002 18,002 MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 033 CIWS MODS .................................................................................................................. .............................. 50,900 50,900 034 COAST GUARD WEAPONS ........................................................................................................ .................. 25,295 25,295 035 GUN MOUNT MODS ............................................................................................................. ....................... 77,003 77,003 036 LCS MODULE WEAPONS ......................................................................................................... ................... 2,776 2,776 038 AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... . 15,753 15,753 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 040 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 62,383 62,383 TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ....................................................................................... 3,209,262 3,209,262 PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC NAVY AMMUNITION 001 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................ 91,659 91,659 002 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............ 65,759 65,759 003 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ..................................................................................................... .............. 8,152 8,152 004 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................. ........................ 41,873 41,873 005 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ......................................................................................... .... 54,002 54,002 006 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................. ..... 57,034 57,034 007 JATOS ...................................................................................................................... ................................... 2,735 2,735 009 5 INCH/54 GUN AMMUNITION ................................................................................................... .................. 19,220 19,220 010 INTERMEDIATE CALIBER GUN AMMUNITION ........................................................................................ . 30,196 30,196 011 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION .................................................................................................. ............. 39,009 39,009 012 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................................................................................ ..... 46,727 46,727 013 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION ................................................................................................. ........... 9,806 9,806 014 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................ ......... 2,900 2,900 MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 015 SMALL ARMS AMMUNITION ...................................................................................................... ............... 27,958 27,958 017 40 MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................... .......................... 14,758 14,758 018 60MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................
.......................... 992 992 020 120MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................... ......................... 16,757 16,757 021 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ..................... 972 972 022 ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ...................... 14,186 14,186 023 ARTILLERY, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... .................... 68,656 68,656 024 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ........ 1,700 1,700 025 FUZE, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ .......................... 26,088 26,088 027 AMMO MODERNIZATION ......................................................................................................... ................. 14,660 14,660 028 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 8,569 8,569 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC .............................................................................. 664,368 664,368 SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE SHIPS 001 OHIO REPLACEMENT SUBMARINE ADVANCE PROCUREMENT ............................................................... 773,138 0 Transfer to Title XIV National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund ...................................................................... [ –773,138 ] OTHER WARSHIPS 002 CARRIER REPLACEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................................................ ........ 1,291,783 1,291,783 003 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 1,370,784 1,370,784 004 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE ................................................................................................... ................ 3,187,985 3,187,985 005 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 1,767,234 1,767,234 006 CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS .................................................................................................... .............. 1,743,220 1,743,220 007 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 248,599 248,599 008 DDG 1000 ................................................................................................................... .................................. 271,756 271,756 009 DDG–51 ..................................................................................................................... ................................... 3,211,292 3,211,292 011 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP ....................................................................................................... ................... 1,125,625 1,125,625 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2592 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
AMPHIBIOUS SHIPS 016 LHA REPLACEMENT ............................................................................................................ ...................... 1,623,024 1,623,024 AUXILIARIES, CRAFT AND PRIOR YR PROGRAM COST 020 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 73,079 73,079 022 MOORED TRAINING SHIP ....................................................................................................... ................... 624,527 624,527 025 OUTFITTING ................................................................................................................. ............................. 666,158 666,158 026 SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR .................................................................................................... ................ 128,067 128,067 027 SERVICE CRAFT .............................................................................................................. ........................... 65,192 65,192 028 LCAC SLEP .................................................................................................................. ............................... 1,774 1,774 029 YP CRAFT MAINTENANCE/ROH/SLEP .............................................................................................. ......... 21,363 21,363 030 COMPLETION OF PY SHIPBUILDING PROGRAMS .................................................................................... 1 60,274 160,274 TOTAL SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY .......................................................................... 18,354,874 17,581,736 OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY SHIP PROPULSION EQUIPMENT 003 SURFACE POWER EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............. 15,514 15,514 004 HYBRID ELECTRIC DRIVE (HED) ................................................................................................ .............. 40,132 40,132 GENERATORS 005 SURFACE COMBATANT HM&E ..................................................................................................... ............. 29,974 29,974 NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 006 OTHER NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........... 63,942 63,942 OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 008 SUB PERISCOPE, IMAGING AND SUPT EQUIP PROG ................................................................................ 1 36,421 136,421 009 DDG MOD .................................................................................................................... ............................... 367,766 367,766 010 FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ................ 14,743 14,743 011 COMMAND AND CONTROL SWITCHBOARD ............................................................................................ .. 2,140 2,140 012 LHA/LHD MIDLIFE ............................................................................................................ ......................... 24,939 24,939 014 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 20,191 20,191 015 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 8,995 8,995 016 VIRGINIA CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ....... 66,838 66,838 017 LCS CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............ 54,823 54,823 018 SUBMARINE BATTERIES ........................................................................................................ ................... 23,359 23,359 019 LPD CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........... 40,321 40,321 020 DDG 1000 CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ........ 33,404 33,404 021 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ........................................................................................... ..... 15,836 15,836 022 DSSP EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ......................... 806 806 024 LCAC ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 3,090 3,090 025 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... ........... 24,350 24,350 026 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 88,719 88,719 027 CHEMICAL WARFARE DETECTORS ................................................................................................. .......... 2,873 2,873 028 SUBMARINE LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ......... 6,043 6,043 REACTOR PLANT EQUIPMENT 030 REACTOR COMPONENTS ......................................................................................................... .................. 342,158 342,158 OCEAN ENGINEERING 031 DIVING AND SALVAGE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... .......... 8,973 8,973 SMALL BOATS 032 STANDARD BOATS ............................................................................................................. ........................ 43,684 43,684 PRODUCTION FACILITIES EQUIPMENT 034 OPERATING FORCES IPE ....................................................................................................... .................... 75,421 75,421 OTHER SHIP SUPPORT 035 NUCLEAR ALTERATIONS ........................................................................................................ ................... 172,718 172,718 036 LCS COMMON MISSION MODULES EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... 2 7,840 17,840 RMMV program restructure ....................................................................................................... ............. [–10,000 ] 037 LCS MCM MISSION MODULES .................................................................................................... ............... 57,146 20,746 RMMV program restructure ....................................................................................................... ............. [–36,400 ] 038 LCS ASW MISSION MODULES .................................................................................................... ................ 31,952 21,952 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ....................... [–10,000 ] 039 LCS SUW MISSION MODULES .................................................................................................... ................ 22,466 22,466 LOGISTIC SUPPORT 041 LSD MIDLIFE ................................................................................................................ ............................. 10,813 10,813 SHIP SONARS 042 SPQ–9B RADAR ............................................................................................................... ............................ 14,363 14,363 043 AN/SQQ–89 SURF ASW COMBAT SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ....... 90,029 90,029 045 SSN ACOUSTIC EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ................. 248,765 248,765 046 UNDERSEA WARFARE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................... 7,163 7,163 ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 048 SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE SYSTEM .......................................................................................... ... 21,291 21,291 049 SSTD ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 6,893 6,893 050 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................................................................. ............. 145,701 145,701 051 SURTASS .................................................................................................................... ................................. 36,136 36,136 ELECTRONIC WARFARE EQUIPMENT 053 AN/SLQ–32 .................................................................................................................. ................................. 274,892 274,892 RECONNAISSANCE EQUIPMENT 054 SHIPBOARD IW EXPLOIT ....................................................................................................... ................... 170,733 170,733 055 AUTOMATED IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM (AIS) ...................................................................................... ... 958 958 OTHER SHIP ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 057 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY .......................................................................................... ... 22,034 22,034 059 NAVAL TACTICAL COMMAND SUPPORT SYSTEM (NTCSS) ...................................................................... 12,336 1 2,336 060 ATDLS ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 30,105 30,105 061 NAVY COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NCCS) ................................................................................... 4, 556 4,556 062 MINESWEEPING SYSTEM REPLACEMENT ............................................................................................ .... 56,675 56,675 063 SHALLOW WATER MCM .......................................................................................................... .................. 8,875 8,875 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2593 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
064 NAVSTAR GPS RECEIVERS (SPACE) .............................................................................................. ............ 12,752 12,752 065 AMERICAN FORCES RADIO AND TV SERVICE ....................................................................................... ... 4,577 4,577 066 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ........................................................................................... ..... 8,972 8,972 AVIATION ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 069 ASHORE ATC EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... .................. 75,068 75,068 070 AFLOAT ATC EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ................. 33,484 33,484 076 ID SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. .............................. 22,177 22,177 077 NAVAL MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. ......... 14,273 14,273 OTHER SHORE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 080 TACTICAL/MOBILE C4I SYSTEMS ................................................................................................ .............. 27,927 27,927 081 DCGS-N ..................................................................................................................... .................................. 12,676 12,676 082 CANES ...................................................................................................................... ................................... 212,030 212,030 083 RADIAC ..................................................................................................................... ................................. 8,092 8,092 084 CANES-INTELL ............................................................................................................... ............................ 36,013 36,013 085 GPETE ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 6,428 6,428 087 INTEG COMBAT SYSTEM TEST FACILITY .......................................................................................... ...... 8,376 8,376 088 EMI CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION ................................................................................................ .......... 3,971 3,971 089 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 58,721 58,721 SHIPBOARD COMMUNICATIONS 090 SHIPBOARD TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS .......................................................................................... ... 17,366 17,366 091 SHIP COMMUNICATIONS AUTOMATION ............................................................................................. ...... 102,479 102,479 092 COMMUNICATIONS ITEMS UNDER $5M ............................................................................................. ....... 10,403 10,403 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATIONS 093 SUBMARINE BROADCAST SUPPORT ................................................................................................ ......... 34,151 34,151 094 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................... . 64,529 64,529 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 095 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ........................................................................................... ..... 14,414 14,414 096 NAVY MULTIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) .............................................................................................. ........ 38,365 38,365 SHORE COMMUNICATIONS 097 JCS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ......... 4,156 4,156 CRYPTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT 099 INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ....................................................................................... ..... 85,694 85,694 100 MIO INTEL EXPLOITATION TEAM ................................................................................................ ............ 920 920 CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 101 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ........................................................................................... .... 21,098 21,098 OTHER ELECTRONIC SUPPORT 102 COAST GUARD EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ................ 32,291 32,291 SONOBUOYS 103 SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ................. 162,588 162,588 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 104 WEAPONS RANGE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ .... 58,116 58,116 105 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........... 120,324 120,324 106 METEOROLOGICAL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ........... 29,253 29,253 107 DCRS/DPL ................................................................................................................... ................................ 632 632 108 AIRBORNE MINE COUNTERMEASURES .............................................................................................. ...... 29,097 29,097 109 AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........... 39,099 39,099 SHIP GUN SYSTEM EQUIPMENT 110 SHIP GUN SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............. 6,191 6,191 SHIP MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 111 SHIP MISSILE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. .......... 320,446 310,946 Program execution .............................................................................................................. .................... [–9,500 ] 112 TOMAHAWK SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........ 71,046 71,046 FBM SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 113 STRATEGIC MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIP ............................................................................................ .......... 215,138 215,138 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 114 SSN COMBAT CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ........... 130,715 130,715 115 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ................ 26,431 26,431 OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
116 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... ..... 11,821 11,821 117 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 6,243 6,243 OTHER EXPENDABLE ORDNANCE 118 SUBMARINE TRAINING DEVICE MODS ............................................................................................. ........ 48,020 48,020 120 SURFACE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............ 97,514 97,514 CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 121 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ........... 8,853 8,853 122 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ..................................................................................................... ............... 4,928 4,928 123 CONSTRUCTION & MAINTENANCE EQUIP ........................................................................................... ..... 18,527 18,527 124 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ................ 13,569 13,569 125 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ....................... 14,917 14,917 126 AMPHIBIOUS EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ................. 7,676 7,676 127 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 2,321 2,321 128 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION ..................................................................................................... ................... 12,459 12,459 129 PHYSICAL SECURITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................. .............. 1,095 1,095 SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 131 SUPPLY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................... ...................... 16,023 16,023 133 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ...... 5,115 5,115 134 SPECIAL PURPOSE SUPPLY SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. ......... 295,471 295,471 TRAINING DEVICES 136 TRAINING AND EDUCATION EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ..... 9,504 9,504 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 137 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ......... 37,180 37,180 139 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ........... 4,128 4,128 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2594 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
141 NAVAL MIP SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ .......... 1,925 1,925 142 OPERATING FORCES SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................... .. 4,777 4,777 143 C4ISR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ......................... 9,073 9,073 144 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ... 21,107 21,107 145 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........... 100,906 100,906 146 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... .. 67,544 67,544 OTHER 150 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE SERVICE ......................................................................................... .... 98,216 98,216 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 150A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 9,915 9,915 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 151 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 199,660 199,660 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................ 6,338,861 6,272,961 PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 001 AAV7A1 PIP ................................................................................................................. ............................... 73,785 73,785 002 LAV PIP .................................................................................................................... .................................. 53,423 53,423 ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 003 EXPEDITIONARY FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM .......................................................................................... ..... 3,360 3,360 004 155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER ........................................................................................... .... 3,318 3,318 005 HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM ...................................................................................... . 33,725 33,725 006 WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION ......................................................................... 8,181 8,181 OTHER SUPPORT 007 MODIFICATION KITS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 15,250 15,250 GUIDED MISSILES 009 GROUND BASED AIR DEFENSE ................................................................................................... .............. 9,170 9,170 010 JAVELIN .................................................................................................................... ................................. 1,009 1,009 011 FOLLOW ON TO SMAW .......................................................................................................... .................... 24,666 24,666 012 ANTI-ARMOR WEAPONS SYSTEM-HEAVY (AAWS-H) ................................................................................ 17, 080 17,080 COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 015 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (C ................................................................... 47,312 47,3 12 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 016 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. .............. 16,469 16,469 COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 019 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ....................................................................................... ...... 7,433 7,433 020 AIR OPERATIONS C2 SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ................ 15,917 15,917 RADAR + EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 021 RADAR SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. ......................... 17,772 17,772 022 GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) .................................................................................... . 123,758 123,758 023 RQ–21 UAS .................................................................................................................. ................................ 80,217 80,217 INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 024 GCSS-MC .................................................................................................................... ................................. 1,089 1,089 025 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ........................................................................................................ .................... 13,258 13,258 026 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ....... 56,379 56,379 029 RQ–11 UAV .................................................................................................................. ................................ 1,976 1,976 031 DCGS-MC .................................................................................................................... ................................ 1,149 1,149 032 UAS PAYLOADS ............................................................................................................... .......................... 2,971 2,971 OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 034 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORK (NGEN) .............................................................................. 76,3 02 76,302 035 COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES .................................................................................................. ......... 41,802 41,802 036 COMMAND POST SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ................ 90,924 90,924 037 RADIO SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. .......................... 43,714 43,714 038 COMM SWITCHING & CONTROL SYSTEMS ........................................................................................... .... 66,383 66,383 039 COMM & ELEC INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .. 30,229 30,229 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 039A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 2,738 2,738 ADMINISTRATIVE VEHICLES 041 COMMERCIAL CARGO VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ............ 88,312 88,312 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 043 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS .............................................................................................. ....... 13,292 13,292 045 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... ............. 113,230 113,230 046 FAMILY OF TACTICAL TRAILERS ................................................................................................ ............. 2,691 2,691 ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 048 ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL EQUIP ASSORT ......................................................................................... .. 18 18 050 TACTICAL FUEL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... .................. 78 78 051 POWER EQUIPMENT ASSORTED ................................................................................................... ............ 17,973 17,973 052 AMPHIBIOUS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ........ 7,371 7,371 053 EOD SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................ ............................ 14,021 14,021 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 054 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ........... 31,523 31,523 GENERAL PROPERTY 058 TRAINING DEVICES ........................................................................................................... ........................ 33,658 33,658 060 FAMILY OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... .... 21,315 21,315 061 FAMILY OF INTERNALLY TRANSPORTABLE VEH (ITV) .......................................................................... 9,654  9,654 OTHER SUPPORT 062 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 6,026 6,026 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 064 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 22,848 22,848 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ........................................................................................ 1,362,769 1,362,769 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2595 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
TACTICAL FORCES 001 F–35 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 4,401,894 4,401,894 002 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 404,500 404,500 TACTICAL AIRLIFT 003 KC–46A TANKER .............................................................................................................. ........................... 2,884,591 2,884,591 OTHER AIRLIFT 004 C–130J ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 145,655 145,655 006 HC–130J .................................................................................................................... ................................... 317,576 317,576 007 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 20,000 20,000 008 MC–130J .................................................................................................................... ................................... 548,358 548,358 009 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 50,000 50,000 HELICOPTERS 010 UH–1N REPLACEMENT .......................................................................................................... ..................... 18,337 18,337 MISSION SUPPORT AIRCRAFT 012 CIVIL AIR PATROL A/C ....................................................................................................... ....................... 2,637 2,637 OTHER AIRCRAFT 013 TARGET DRONES .............................................................................................................. ......................... 114,656 114,656 014 RQ–4 ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 12,966 12,966 015 MQ–9 ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 122,522 122,522 STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 016 B–2A ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 46,729 46,729 017 B–1B ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 116,319 116,319 018 B–52 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 109,020 109,020 TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 020 A–10 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 1,289 1,289 021 F–15 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 105,685 105,685 022 F–16 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 97,331 97,331 023 F–22A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 163,008 163,008 024 F–35 MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... ....................... 175,811 175,811 025 INCREMENT 3.2B ............................................................................................................. ........................... 76,410 76,410 026 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 2,000 2,000 AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 027 C–5 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 24,192 24,192 029 C–17A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 21,555 21,555 030 C–21 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 5,439 5,439 031 C–32A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 35,235 35,235 032 C–37A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 5,004 5,004 TRAINER AIRCRAFT 033 GLIDER MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................ 394 394 034 T–6 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 12,765 12,765 035 T–1 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 25,073 25,073 036 T–38 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 45,090 45,090 OTHER AIRCRAFT 037 U–2 MODS ................................................................................................................... ................................ 36,074 36,074 038 KC–10A (ATCA) .............................................................................................................. ............................. 4,570 4,570 039 C–12 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 1,995 1,995 040 VC–25A MOD ................................................................................................................. .............................. 102,670 102,670 041 C–40 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 13,984 13,984 042 C–130 ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 9,168 81,668 8–Bladed Propellers ............................................................................................................ .................... [16,000 ] Electronic Propeller Control Systems ........................................................................................... ............ [13,500 ] In-flight Propeller Balancing System Certification ............................................................................. ...... [1,500 ] T56 3.5 Engine Upgrade Kits .................................................................................................... ............... [41,500 ] 043 C–130J MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................... 89,424 89,424 
044 C–135 ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 64,161 64,161 045 COMPASS CALL MODS .......................................................................................................... ..................... 130,257 59,857 Program restructure ............................................................................................................ .................... [–70,400 ] 046 RC–135 ..................................................................................................................... .................................... 211,438 211,438 047 E–3 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 82,786 82,786 048 E–4 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 53,348 53,348 049 E–8 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 6,244 6,244 050 AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM ........................................................................................ . 223,427 223,427 051 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS .................................................................................. 4 ,673 4,673 052 H–1 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 9,007 9,007 054 H–60 ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 91,357 91,357 055 RQ–4 MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................... 32,045 32,045 056 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS .................................................................................................... .................. 30,767 30,767 057 OTHER AIRCRAFT ............................................................................................................. ........................ 33,886 33,886 059 MQ–9 MODS .................................................................................................................. .............................. 141,929 141,929 060 CV–22 MODS ................................................................................................................. ............................... 63,395 63,395 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 061 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................ ............... 686,491 673,291 Compass Call program restructure ............................................................................................... ............ [–13,200 ] COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 062 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP ......................................................................................... .. 121,935 121,935 POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT 063 B–2A ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 154 154 064 B–2A ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 43,330 43,330 065 B–52 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 28,125 28,125 066 C–17A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 23,559 23,559 069 F–15 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 2,980 2,980 070 F–16 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 15,155 39,955 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2596 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
Additional mission trainers .................................................................................................... ................. [24,800 ] 071 F–22A ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 48,505 48,505 074 RQ–4 POST PRODUCTION CHARGES ............................................................................................... ........... 99 99 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS 075 INDUSTRIAL RESPONSIVENESS .................................................................................................. .............. 14,126 14,126 WAR CONSUMABLES 076 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................ ..................... 120,036 120,036 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 077 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ................................................................................................... ............ 1,252,824 1,252,824 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 077A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 16,952 16,952 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .............................................................................. 13,922,917 13,936,617 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT—BALLISTIC 001 MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQ-BALLISTIC ........................................................................................... ....... 70,247 70,247 TACTICAL 002 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE ......................................................................................... ....... 431,645 431,645 003 LRASM0 ..................................................................................................................... ................................. 59,511 59,511 004 SIDEWINDER (AIM–9X) ........................................................................................................ ...................... 127,438 127,438 005 AMRAAM ..................................................................................................................... ............................... 350,144 350,144 006 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................. .............. 33,955 33,955 007 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB ........................................................................................................ ................. 92,361 92,361 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 008 INDUSTR’L PREPAREDNS/POL PREVENTION ........................................................................................ ... 977 977 CLASS IV 009 ICBM FUZE MOD .............................................................................................................. ......................... 17,095 17,095 010 MM III MODIFICATIONS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 68,692 68,692 011 AGM–65D MAVERICK ........................................................................................................... ...................... 282 282 013 AIR LAUNCH CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ........................................................................................... .......... 21,762 21,762 014 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB ........................................................................................................ ................. 15,349 15,349 MISSILE SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 015 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................ ............... 81,607 81,607 SPECIAL PROGRAMS 030 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... .............. 46,125 46,125 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 030A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 1,009,431 1,009,431 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................. 2,426,621 2,426,621 SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE SPACE PROGRAMS 001 ADVANCED EHF ............................................................................................................... .......................... 645,569 645,569 002 AF SATELLITE COMM SYSTEM ................................................................................................... .............. 42,375 42,375 003 COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ................. 26,984 26,984 004 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS .................................................................................. 8 8,963 88,963 005 WIDEBAND GAPFILLER SATELLITES(SPACE) ....................................................................................... ... 86,272 116,272 Pilot Program .................................................................................................................. ....................... [30,000 ] 006 GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ...................................................................................................... ..................... 34,059 34,059 007 GLOBAL POSTIONING (SPACE) .................................................................................................. ............... 2,169 2,169 008 SPACEBORNE EQUIP (COMSEC) .................................................................................................. .............. 46,708 46,708 009 GLOBAL POSITIONING (SPACE) ................................................................................................. ............... 13,171 10,271 Excess to Need ................................................................................................................. ....................... [–2,900 ] 010 MILSATCOM .................................................................................................................. ............................. 41,799 41,799 011 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH CAPABILITY ...................................................................................... 7 68,586 768,586 012 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEH(SPACE) ....................................................................................... 737,853 737,853 013 SBIR HIGH (SPACE) .......................................................................................................... .......................... 362,504 362,504 014 NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM ..................................................................................................... ................ 4,395 4,395 
015 SPACE MODS ................................................................................................................. ............................. 8,642 8,642 016 SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM SPACE ............................................................................................... ........... 123,088 123,088 SSPARES 017 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................ ............... 22,606 22,606 TOTAL SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .................................................................................... 3,055,743 3,082,843 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ROCKETS 001 ROCKETS .................................................................................................................... ................................ 18,734 18,734 CARTRIDGES 002 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................. ............................. 220,237 220,237 BOMBS 003 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................. ........................ 97,106 97,106 004 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................ 581,561 581,561 005 MASSIVE ORDNANCE PENETRATOR (MOP) .......................................................................................... .... 3,600 3,600 006 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ............................................................................................... ........... 303,988 303,988 OTHER ITEMS 007 CAD/PAD .................................................................................................................... ................................. 38,890 38,890 008 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL (EOD) .......................................................................................... ...... 5,714 5,714 009 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 740 740 010 MODIFICATIONS .............................................................................................................. .......................... 573 573 011 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 5,156 5,156 FLARES 012 FLARES ..................................................................................................................... ................................. 134,709 134,709 FUZES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2597 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
013 FUZES ...................................................................................................................... ................................... 229,252 229,252 SMALL ARMS 014 SMALL ARMS ................................................................................................................. ............................ 37,459 37,459 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE .................................................................. 1,677,719 1,677,719 OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 001 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ........... 14,437 14,437 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 002 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE .................................................................................................... ............... 24,812 24,812 003 CAP VEHICLES ............................................................................................................... ............................ 984 984 004 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 11,191 11,191 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 005 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................. .......... 5,361 5,361 006 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 4,623 4,623 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 007 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES ........................................................................................ ...... 12,451 7,451 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. .................... [–5,000 ] MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 008 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 18,114 18,114 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 009 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV & CLEANING EQUIP ......................................................................................... .. 2,310 2,310 010 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 46,868 46,868 COMM SECURITY EQUIPMENT(COMSEC) 012 COMSEC EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................... ..................... 72,359 72,359 INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 014 INTELLIGENCE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ....... 6,982 6,982 015 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ......... 30,504 30,504 ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 016 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS .......................................................................................... ....... 55,803 55,803 017 NATIONAL AIRSPACE SYSTEM ................................................................................................... ............... 2,673 2,673 018 BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEM—FIXED ................................................................................................ ......... 5,677 5,677 019 THEATER AIR CONTROL SYS IMPROVEMENTS ....................................................................................... . 1,163 1,163 020 WEATHER OBSERVATION FORECAST ............................................................................................... ........ 21,667 21,667 021 STRATEGIC COMMAND AND CONTROL .............................................................................................. ...... 39,803 39,803 022 CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN COMPLEX .................................................................................................. .......... 24,618 24,618 023 MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... ............... 15,868 15,868 025 INTEGRATED STRAT PLAN & ANALY NETWORK (ISPAN) ........................................................................ 9,331 9,331 SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 026 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ..... 41,779 41,779 027 AF GLOBAL COMMAND & CONTROL SYS ............................................................................................ ..... 15,729 15,729 028 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ............................................................................................... ....... 9,814 9,814 029 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM ......................................................................................... ...... 99,460 99,460 030 COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ..................................................................................................... ................ 34,850 34,850 031 MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMM N ......................................................................................... . 198,925 198,925 032 WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE (WAS) ............................................................................................... ............ 6,943 6,943 033 C3 COUNTERMEASURES ......................................................................................................... ................... 19,580 19,580 034 GCSS-AF FOS ................................................................................................................ .............................. 1,743 1,743 036 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM ............................................................................................... .......... 9,659 9,659 037 AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CTR-WPN SYS ......................................................................................... ....... 15,474 15,474 038 AIR OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) 10.2 ........................................................................................... ............ 30,623 30,623 AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 039 INFORMATION TRANSPORT SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ....... 40,043 40,043 040 AFNET ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 146,897 146,897 041 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) ............................................................................ 5,18 2 5,182 042 USCENTCOM .................................................................................................................. ............................ 13,418 13,418 ORGANIZATION AND BASE 052 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT .....................................................................................................
................. 109,836 109,836 053 RADIO EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ....................... 16,266 16,266 054 CCTV/AUDIOVISUAL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ........... 7,449 7,449 055 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE ................................................................................................... ............ 109,215 109,215 MODIFICATIONS 056 COMM ELECT MODS ............................................................................................................ ...................... 65,700 65,700 PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 058 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 54,416 54,416 DEPOT PLANT+MTRLS HANDLING EQ 059 MECHANIZED MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIP ......................................................................................... .. 7,344 7,344 BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 060 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............. 6,852 11,852 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................... [5,000 ] 063 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................................... .................... 8,146 8,146 064 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 28,427 28,427 SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 066 DARP RC135 ................................................................................................................. ............................... 25,287 25,287 067 DCGS-AF .................................................................................................................... ................................. 169,201 169,201 069 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAM ..................................................................................................... ............... 576,710 576,710 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 070A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 15,119,705 15,119,705 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 072 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 15,784 15,784 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................... 17,438,056 17,438,056 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2598 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS 037 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD ....................................................................................................... .................. 29,211 29,211 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, NSA 036 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ............................................................................ 4,39 9 4,399 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS 040 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS ....................................................................................................... .................. 24,979 24,979 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 006 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY ............................................................................................... .......... 21,347 21,347 007 TELEPORT PROGRAM ........................................................................................................... .................... 50,597 50,597 008 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 10,420 10,420 009 NET CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ..................................................................................... ..... 1,634 1,634 010 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEM NETWORK ......................................................................................... . 87,235 87,235 011 CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE .................................................................................................. ................ 4,528 4,528 012 WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATION AGENCY ........................................................................................... ... 36,846 36,846 013 SENIOR LEADERSHIP ENTERPRISE ............................................................................................... ........... 599,391 599,391 015 JOINT REGIONAL SECURITY STACKS (JRSS) ...................................................................................... ...... 150,221 150,221 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DLA 017 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ...................... 2,055 2,055 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DSS 020 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ...................... 1,057 1,057 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCAA 001 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 2,964 2,964 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS 038 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS ....................................................................................................... .................... 7,988 7,988 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 023 THAAD ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 369,608 369,608 024 AEGIS BMD .................................................................................................................. .............................. 463,801 528,801 Increasing BMD capability for Aegis Ships ...................................................................................... ........ [65,000 ] 025 BMDS AN/TPY–2 RADARS ....................................................................................................... .................... 5,503 5,503 026 ARROW UPPER TIER ........................................................................................................... ...................... 120,000 Increase for Arrow 3 Coproduction subject to Title XVI ......................................................................... ... [120,000 ] 027 DAVID’S SLING .............................................................................................................. ............................ 150,000 Increase for DSWS Coproduction subject to Title XVI ............................................................................ .. [150,000 ] 028 AEGIS ASHORE PHASE III ..................................................................................................... ..................... 57,493 82,493 Classified adjustment .......................................................................................................... .................... [25,000 ] 029 IRON DOME .................................................................................................................. .............................. 42,000 62,000 Increase for Coproduction of Iron Dome Tamir Interceptors subject to Title XVI ....................................... [20,000 ] 030 AEGIS BMD HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE ............................................................................................ .... 50,098 50,098 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DHRA 003 PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION ................................................................................................... ............. 14,232 14,232 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 021 VEHICLES ................................................................................................................... ................................ 200 200 022 OTHER MAJOR EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ................ 6,437 6,437 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DODEA 019 AUTOMATION/EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT & LOGISTICS ............................................................................ 288 2 88 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCMA 002 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ...................... 92 92 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DMACT 018 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ...................... 8,060 8,060 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 040A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 568,864 568,864 AVIATION PROGRAMS 042 ROTARY WING UPGRADES AND SUSTAINMENT ....................................................................................... 150,396 168,996 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................... [18,600 ] 043 UNMANNED ISR ............................................................................................................... .......................... 21,190 21,190 045 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ......................................................................................................
................. 4,905 4,905 046 U–28 ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 3,970 3,970 047 MH–47 CHINOOK .............................................................................................................. ........................... 25,022 25,022 049 CV–22 MODIFICATION ......................................................................................................... ....................... 19,008 19,008 051 MQ–9 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... .......... 10,598 10,598 053 PRECISION STRIKE PACKAGE ................................................................................................... ................ 213,122 213,122 054 AC/MC–130J ................................................................................................................. ................................ 73,548 85,648 A-kits for 105mm integration ................................................................................................... ................ [12,100 ] 055 C–130 MODIFICATIONS ........................................................................................................ ....................... 32,970 32,970 SHIPBUILDING 056 UNDERWATER SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... .................. 37,098 37,098 AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 057 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ .................... 105,267 105,267 OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 058 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ................... 79,963 79,963 059 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ........................................................................... 13,432 13,432 060 OTHER ITEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................... ........................ 66,436 66,436 061 COMBATANT CRAFT SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... ............. 55,820 55,820 062 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................... ...................... 107,432 107,432 063 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ....................... 67,849 67,849 064 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ....................................................................................................... ................... 245,781 245,781 065 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................................ .......... 19,566 19,566 066 GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ....................................................................................... ... 3,437 3,437 067 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE .................................................................................... 17 ,299 17,299 069 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ................................................................................................... ........... 219,945 219,945 CBDP 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2599 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
070 CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL SITUATIONAL AWARENESS .............................................................................. 148, 203 148,203 071 CB PROTECTION & HAZARD MITIGATION .......................................................................................... ..... 161,113 161,113 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ........................................................................................ 4,524,918 4,935,618 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 001 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND ........................................................................................ ... 99,300 0 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–99,300 ] TOTAL JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND .................................................................... 99,300 0 NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT UNDISTRIBUTED 007 MISCELLANEOUS EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............. 250,000 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..................... [250,000 ] TOTAL NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT ................................................................. 250,000 TOTAL PROCUREMENT.................................................................................................................... 101,971,592 103,062,309 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CON-TINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 015 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ............................................................................................... ............. 21,400 21,400 020 EMARSS SEMA MODS (MIP) ..................................................................................................... .................. 42,700 42,700 026 RQ–7 UAV MODS .............................................................................................................. ........................... 1,775 1,775 027 UAS MODS ................................................................................................................... ............................... 4,420 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–4,420 ] GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 030 CMWS ....................................................................................................................... .................................. 56,115 56,115 031 CIRCM ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 108,721 108,721 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ...................................................................................... 235,131 230,711 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 004 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ....................................................................................................... .................. 305,830 305,830 ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 007 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY ............................................................................................ ....... 15,567 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–15,567 ] 008 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY ....................................................................................................... ................. 80,652 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–80,652 ] 010 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) ................................................................................................. ............. 75,991 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–75,991 ] 012 LETHAL MINIATURE AERIAL MISSILE SYSTEM (LMAMS ........................................................................ 4,777 4,777 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY .......................................................................................... 482,817 310,607 PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 007 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) ........................................................................................ .. 125,184 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–125,184 ] 009 ASSAULT BRIDGE (MOD) ....................................................................................................... .................... 5,950 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–5,950 ] 014 ABRAMS UPGRADE PROGRAM ..................................................................................................... ............. 0 Army requested realignment (ERI) ............................................................................................... ............ [172,200 ] Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–172,200 ] WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 017 MORTAR SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................. ....................... 22,410 22,410 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 036 BRADLEY PROGRAM ............................................................................................................ ..................... 0 Army requested realignment (ERI) ............................................................................................... ............ [72,800 ] Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–72,800 ] TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ...................................................................................... 153,544 22,410 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 002 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ...................... 9,642 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–9,642 ] 004 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ....................... 6,607 609 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–5,998 ] 005 CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 1,077 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–1,077 ] 006 CTG, 25MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 28,534 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ......................................................................................
....... [–28,534 ] 007 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 20,000 20,000 008 CTG, 40MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 7,423 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–7,423 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2600 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
MORTAR AMMUNITION 009 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ................. 10,000 10,000 010 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ................. 2,677 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–2,677 ] TANK AMMUNITION 012 CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES .............................................................................. 8 ,999 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–8,999 ] ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 014 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................... .... 30,348 10,000 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–20,348 ] 015 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 ............................................................................................. .......... 140 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–140 ] 016 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ........................................................................ 29,655  5,000 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–24,655 ] MINES 017 MINES & CLEARING CHARGES, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................ ...... 16,866 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–16,866 ] NETWORKED MUNITIONS 018 SPIDER NETWORK MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................ .... 10,353 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–10,353 ] ROCKETS 019 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................... 6 3,210 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–63,210 ] 020 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............... 42,851 42,851 OTHER AMMUNITION 022 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ........ 6,373 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–6,373 ] 023 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ..................... 4,143 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–4,143 ] 024 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ........................ 1,852 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–1,852 ] MISCELLANEOUS 027 NON-LETHAL AMMUNITION, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................... ...... 773 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–773 ] TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ........................................................................... 301,523 88,460 OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY TACTICAL VEHICLES 002 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ..................................................................................................... .................. 4,180 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–4,180 ] 008 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ....................................................................................... ... 147,476 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–147,476 ] 010 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) ................................................................................... 6,122 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–6,122 ] 011 PLS ESP .................................................................................................................... .................................. 106,358 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–106,358 ] 012 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV .......................................................................... 203,76 6 127,205 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–76,561 
] 013 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS ................................................................................. 10 1,154 74,035 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–27,119 ] 014 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ............................................................................................... ............. 155,456 152,000 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–3,456 ] COMM—JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 019 WIN-T—GROUND FORCES TACTICAL NETWORK ..................................................................................... 9, 572 3,000 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–6,572 ] COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 025 SHF TERM ................................................................................................................... ............................... 24,000 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–24,000 ] COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 047 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE ................................................................................................. ........... 1,550 1,550 INFORMATION SECURITY 051 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ........................................................................................... ..... 1,928 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–1,928 ] COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 056 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ...................................................................... 20,510 20 ,510 ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 062 DCGS-A (MIP) ............................................................................................................... .............................. 33,032 33,032 064 TROJAN (MIP) ............................................................................................................... ............................. 3,305 3,145 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–160 ] 066 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING AND COLL(CHARCS) .................................................................................. 7 ,233 7,233 069 BIOMETRIC TACTICAL COLLECTION DEVICES (MIP) .............................................................................. 5, 670 5,670 ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 070 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER MORTAR RADAR ........................................................................................... .. 25,892 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–25,892 ] 074 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIE ......................................................................... 11,61 0 11,610 075 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ..................................................................... 23,890 23, 890 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 080 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS ............................................................................... 4, 270 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–4,270 ] 089 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM ................................................................................................. ........... 2,572 2,282 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–290 ] ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2601 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
092 AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS ................................................................................... 69,958 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–69,958 ] ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 102 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ ..... 9,900 9,900 ELECT EQUIP—AUDIO VISUAL SYS (A/V) 108 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SURVEYING EQUIPMENT) .................................................................................. 96 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–96 ] CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 114 CBRN DEFENSE ............................................................................................................... ........................... 1,841 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–1,841 ] BRIDGING EQUIPMENT 115 TACTICAL BRIDGING .......................................................................................................... ....................... 26,000 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–26,000 ] ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 124 ROBOTICS AND APPLIQUE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ......... 268 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–268 ] 128 FAMILY OF BOATS AND MOTORS ................................................................................................. ........... 280 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–280 ] COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 129 HEATERS AND ECU’S .......................................................................................................... ....................... 894 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–894 ] 134 FORCE PROVIDER ............................................................................................................. ........................ 53,800 53,800 135 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............... 2,665 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–2,665 ] 136 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM ..................................................................... 2,400 2,4 00 137 FAMILY OF ENGR COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS .......................................................................... 9,789 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–9,789 ] 138 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (ENG SPT) .............................................................................................. ............... 300 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–300 ] PETROLEUM EQUIPMENT 139 QUALITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ....... 4,800 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–4,800 ] 140 DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, PETROLEUM & WATER .................................................................................. 78 ,240 57,420 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–20,820 ] MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 141 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ..................................................................................................... .............. 5,763 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–5,763 ] MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 142 MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... 1 ,609 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–1,609 ] 143 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) ........................................................................................... ............. 145 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–145 ] CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 144 GRADER, ROAD MTZD, HVY, 6X4 (CCE) .......................................................................................... .......... 3,047 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–3,047 ] 148 TRACTOR, FULL TRACKED ...................................................................................................... ................. 4,426 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–4,426 ] 
151 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) ................................................................................... 2 ,900 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–2,900 ] 155 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (CONST EQUIP) ........................................................................................ .......... 96 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–96 ] GENERATORS 158 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ ....... 21,861 1,900 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–19,961 ] MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 160 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................................................................ .................... 846 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–846 ] TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 168 TEST EQUIPMENT MODERNIZATION (TEMOD) ....................................................................................... . 1,140 0 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ....... [–1,140 ] OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 170 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................... 8,5 00 8,500 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................ 1,211,110 599,082 JOINT IMPROVISED-THREAT DEFEAT FUND NETWORK ATTACK 001 RAPID ACQUISITION AND THREAT RESPONSE ...................................................................................... .. 232,200 207,200 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–25,000 ] STAFF AND INFRASTRUCTURE 002 MISSION ENABLERS ........................................................................................................... ....................... 62,800 62,800 TOTAL JOINT IMPROVISED-THREAT DEFEAT FUND ..................................................................... 295,000 270,000 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY COMBAT AIRCRAFT 002 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET ................................................................................................. .................. 184,912 184,912 OTHER AIRCRAFT 026 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................ ............................. 70,000 70,000 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 037 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................... 7,505 7,505 047 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT ................................................................................................... ................ 14,869 14,869 051 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ............... 70,780 70,780 059 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY .............................................................................................. .............. 8,740 8,740 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2602 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 063 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 1,500 1,500 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 065 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ............................................................................................. ........... 524 524 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ....................................................................................... 358,830 358,830 WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY TACTICAL MISSILES 010 HELLFIRE ................................................................................................................... ............................... 8,600 8,600 TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ....................................................................................... 8,600 8,600 PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC NAVY AMMUNITION 001 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................ 40,366 40,366 002 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............ 8,860 8,860 006 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................. ..... 7,060 7,060 013 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION ................................................................................................. ........... 1,122 1,122 014 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................ ......... 3,495 3,495 MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 015 SMALL ARMS AMMUNITION ...................................................................................................... ............... 1,205 1,205 017 40 MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................... .......................... 539 539 018 60MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ .......................... 909 909 020 120MM, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................... ......................... 530 530 022 ROCKETS, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ...................... 469 469 023 ARTILLERY, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... .................... 1,196 1,196 024 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ........ 261 261 025 FUZE, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ .......................... 217 217 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC .............................................................................. 66,229 66,229 OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY OTHER SHORE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 081 DCGS-N ..................................................................................................................... .................................. 12,000 12,000 OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 116 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... ..... 40,000 40,000 CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 124 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ................ 630 630 SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 133 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ...... 25 25 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 137 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ......... 10,562 10,562 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 150A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 1,660 1,660 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................ 64,877 64,877 PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 006 WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION ......................................................................... 572 57 2 GUIDED MISSILES 010 JAVELIN .................................................................................................................... ................................. 1,606 1,606 OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 018 MODIFICATION KITS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 2,600 2,600 COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 019 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ....................................................................................... ...... 2,200 2,200 INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 026 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ....... 20,981 20,981 029 RQ–11 UAV .................................................................................................................. ................................ 3,817 3,817 OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 035 COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES .................................................................................................. ......... 2,600 2,600 037 RADIO SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. .......................... 9,563 9,563 ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 053 EOD SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................ ............................ 75,000 75,000 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ........................................................................................ 118,939 118,939 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE OTHER AIRLIFT 
004 C–130J ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 73,000 73,000 OTHER AIRCRAFT 015 MQ–9 ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 273,600 273,600 STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 019 LARGE AIRCRAFT INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES ................................................................................ 135, 801 135,801 TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 020 A–10 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 23,850 23,850 OTHER AIRCRAFT 047 E–3 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 6,600 6,600 056 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS .................................................................................................... .................. 13,550 13,550 057 OTHER AIRCRAFT ............................................................................................................. ........................ 7,500 7,500 059 MQ–9 MODS .................................................................................................................. .............................. 112,068 112,068 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 061 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................ ............... 25,600 0 Compass Call Program Restructure ............................................................................................... ........... [–25,600 ] OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 077 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES ................................................................................................... ............ 8,400 8,400 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2603 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .............................................................................. 679,969 654,369 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE TACTICAL 006 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................. .............. 145,125 145,125 CLASS IV 011 AGM–65D MAVERICK ........................................................................................................... ...................... 9,720 9,720 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................. 154,845 154,845 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE CARTRIDGES 002 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................. ............................. 9,830 9,830 BOMBS 004 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................ 7,921 7,921 006 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ............................................................................................... ........... 140,126 140,126 FLARES 012 FLARES ..................................................................................................................... ................................. 6,531 6,531 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE .................................................................. 164,408 164,408 OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 001 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ........... 2,003 2,003 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 002 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE .................................................................................................... ............... 9,066 9,066 004 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 12,264 12,264 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 006 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 16,789 16,789 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 007 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES ........................................................................................ ...... 48,590 48,590 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 008 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 2,366 2,366 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 009 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV & CLEANING EQUIP ......................................................................................... .. 6,468 6,468 010 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ................ 9,271 9,271 ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 016 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS .......................................................................................... ....... 42,650 42,650 SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 029 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM ......................................................................................... ...... 7,500 7,500 033 C3 COUNTERMEASURES ......................................................................................................... ................... 620 620 ORGANIZATION AND BASE 052 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ................. 8,100 8,100 MODIFICATIONS 056 COMM ELECT MODS ............................................................................................................ ...................... 3,800 3,800 BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 061 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ........ 53,900 53,900 SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 067 DCGS-AF .................................................................................................................... ................................. 800 800 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 070A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 3,472,094 3,472,094 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................... 3,696,281 3,696,281 PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 007 TELEPORT PROGRAM ........................................................................................................... .................... 1,900 1,900 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 040A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 32,482 32,482 AVIATION PROGRAMS 041 MC–12 ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 5,000 5,000 043 UNMANNED ISR ............................................................................................................... .......................... 11,880 11,880 046 U–28 ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 38,283 38,283 AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 057 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ .................... 52,504 52,504 OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 058 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ................... 22,000 22,000 060 OTHER ITEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................... ........................ 11,580 11,580 062 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................... ...................... 13,549 13,549 
063 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ....................... 3,200 3,200 069 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ................................................................................................... ........... 42,056 42,056 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ........................................................................................ 234,434 234,434 TOTAL PROCUREMENT.................................................................................................................... 8,226,537 7,043,082 
SEC. 4103. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CON-TINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2604 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4103. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY FIXED WING 003 MQ–1 UAV ................................................................................................................... ................................ 95,100 Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... ............. [95,100 ] ROTARY 005 HELICOPTER, LIGHT UTILITY (LUH) ............................................................................................ ........... 110,000 Army unfunded requirement (ARI) ................................................................................................ .......... [110,000 ] 006 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN .............................................................................................. ............ 78,040 268,040 Army unfunded requirement (ARI) ................................................................................................ .......... [190,000 ] 007 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 72,900 Army unfunded requirement (ARI) ................................................................................................ .......... [72,900 ] 008 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) .............................................................................................. ......... 440,200 Army unfunded requirement (ARI) ................................................................................................ .......... [440,200 ] MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 017 CH–47 CARGO HELICOPTER MODS (MYP) .......................................................................................... ....... 102,000 Army unfunded requirement (ARI) ................................................................................................ .......... [102,000 ] GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 028 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ...... 22,000 Army unfunded requirement-modernized warning system (ARI) ................................................................ [22,00 0 ] 029 SURVIVABILITY CM ........................................................................................................... ....................... 28,000 Army unfunded requirement-assured PNT (ARI) .................................................................................... .. [28,000 ] TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ...................................................................................... 78,040 1,138,240 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 004 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ....................................................................................................... .................. 150,000 150,000 ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 007 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY ............................................................................................ ....... 104,200 Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... ............. [104,200 ] 010 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) ................................................................................................. ............. 76,000 Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... ............. [76,000 ] MODIFICATIONS 014 ATACMS MODS ................................................................................................................ ........................... 15,900 Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... ............. [15,900 ] TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY .......................................................................................... 150,000 346,100 PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 008 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ............................................................................. 72,0 00 Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... ............. [72,000 ] 013 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ....................................................................................................... ................... 140,000 Army unfunded requirement—Industrial base risk mitigation ................................................................... [60 ,000 ] Army unfunded requirement—Vehicle APS .......................................................................................... .... [80,000 ] UNDISTRIBUTED 036A UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................. .......................... 55,100 Additional funding to support increase in Army end strength ................................................................... [ 55,100 ] TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ...................................................................................... 267,100 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 001 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ...................... 4,000 Army unfunded requirement ......................................................................................................
............. [4,000 ] 002 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ...................... 14,000 Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... ............. [14,000 ] 003 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ................. 9,000 Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... ............. [9,000 ] 004 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ....................... 21,000 Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... ............. [21,000 ] 005 CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 14,000 Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... ............. [14,000 ] 007 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ...................... 8,200 Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... ............. [8,200 ] MORTAR AMMUNITION 011 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................... ................. 30,000 Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... ............. [30,000 ] TANK AMMUNITION 012 CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES .............................................................................. 3 5,000 Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... ............. [35,000 ] ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 015 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 ............................................................................................. .......... 23,500 Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... ............. [23,500 ] 016 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ........................................................................ 10,000  Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... ............. [10,000 ] ROCKETS 019 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................... 3 0,000 Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... ............. [30,000 ] 020 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................ ............... 42,500 Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... ............. [27,500 ] Army unfunded requirement- guided hydra rockets ................................................................................ .. [15,000 ] UNDISTRIBUTED 034A UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................. .......................... 46,500 Additional funding to support increase in Army end strength ................................................................... [ 46,500 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2605 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4103. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ........................................................................... 287,700 OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY TACTICAL VEHICLES 008 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ....................................................................................... ... 152,000 152,000 COMM—JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 019 WIN-T—GROUND FORCES TACTICAL NETWORK ..................................................................................... 80 ,000 BBA Restoration—2BCTs - Increment 2 ............................................................................................ ....... [80,000 ] ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 080 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS ............................................................................... 8, 400 Army unfunded requirement- CRAM Upgrades and MODS ....................................................................... [8,400 ] GENERATORS 158 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ ....... 9,900 9,900 UNDISTRIBUTED 180 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... 18,400 Additional funding to support increase in Army end strength ................................................................... [ 18,400 ] TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................ 161,900 268,700 JOINT IMPROVISED-THREAT DEFEAT FUND NETWORK ATTACK 001 RAPID ACQUISITION AND THREAT RESPONSE ...................................................................................... .. 113,272 113,272 TOTAL JOINT IMPROVISED-THREAT DEFEAT FUND ..................................................................... 113,272 113,272 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY COMBAT AIRCRAFT 002 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET ................................................................................................. .................. 1,400,000 Navy unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... .............. [1,400,000 ] 003 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV .................................................................................................... ................... 540,000 Marine Corps unfunded requirement .............................................................................................. ......... [270,000 ] Navy unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... .............. [270,000 ] 005 JSF STOVL .................................................................................................................. ................................ 254,200 Marine Corps unfunded requirement .............................................................................................. ......... [254,200 ] 009 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) ......................................................................................................... ......................... 150,000 Marine Corps unfunded requirement .............................................................................................. ......... [150,000 ] 011 H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) ................................................................................................. ................. 57,000 Marine Corps unfunded requirement- AH–1Zs ...................................................................................... .... [57,000 ] AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 019A C–40A ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 415,000 Marine Corps unfunded requirement .............................................................................................. ......... [207,500 ] Navy unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... .............. [207,500 ] OTHER AIRCRAFT 023 MQ–4 TRITON ................................................................................................................ ............................. 95,000 Additional system—ISR shortfalls ............................................................................................... ............ [95,000 ] 025 MQ–8 UAV ................................................................................................................... ................................ 47,500 Scope Increase ................................................................................................................. ....................... [47,500 ] MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 034 H–53 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................ 16,100 Accelerate readiness improvement ............................................................................................... ............. [2,800 ] Marine Corps unfunded requirement- degraded visual environment .......................................................... [13,300  ] 035 SH–60 SERIES ............................................................................................................... ............................... 3,000 3,000 036 H–1 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................ 3,740 27,140 Accelerate readiness improvement ...............................................................................................
............. [23,400 ] 051 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ............... 27,460 27,460 059 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY .............................................................................................. .............. 39,300 Marine Corps unfunded requirement- SPMAGTF- C4 UUNS ..................................................................... [39,300  ] AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 063 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ................. 140,300 KC–130J spares ................................................................................................................. ...................... [36,000 ] Marine Corps unfunded requirement- F35 B spares ................................................................................ .. [91,000 ] Marine Corps unfunded requirement- F35 C spares ................................................................................ ... [13,300 ] TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ....................................................................................... 34,200 3,212,000 WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY STRATEGIC MISSILES 003 TOMAHAWK ................................................................................................................... ............................ 76,000 Scope Increase ................................................................................................................. ....................... [76,000 ] TACTICAL MISSILES 005 SIDEWINDER ................................................................................................................. ............................. 33,000 Navy unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... .............. [33,000 ] 015A LCS OVER-THE-HORIZON MISSILE .............................................................................................. ............. 18,100 Navy unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... .............. [18,100 ] TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ....................................................................................... 127,100 PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC NAVY AMMUNITION 001 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ...................................................................................................... ................ 58,000 Navy unfunded requirement—JDAM components ..................................................................................... [ 58,000 ] MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 023 ARTILLERY, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... .................... 19,200 Marine Corps unfunded requirement- GMLRS AW munitions ................................................................... [19,200  ] TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC .............................................................................. 77,200 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2606 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4103. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY OTHER WARSHIPS 003 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 263,000 Advance Procurement for CVN–81 ................................................................................................. .......... [263,000 ] 005 ADVANCE PROCUREMENT (CY) ................................................................................................... .......... 85,000 Long-lead Time Materiel Orders ................................................................................................. ............. [85,000 ] 009 DDG–51 ..................................................................................................................... ................................... 433,000 Scope Increase ................................................................................................................. ....................... [433,000 ] 011 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP ....................................................................................................... ................... 384,700 Scope Increase ................................................................................................................. ....................... [384,700 ] AMPHIBIOUS SHIPS 012A AMPHIBIOUS SHIP REPLACEMENT LX(R) ......................................................................................... ....... 856,000 Procurement of LX (R) .......................................................................................................... ................. [856,000 ] AUXILIARIES, CRAFT AND PRIOR YR PROGRAM COST 026 SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR .................................................................................................... ................ 165,000 Scope Increase ................................................................................................................. ....................... [165,000 ] 028 LCAC SLEP .................................................................................................................. ............................... 80,300 Scope Increase ................................................................................................................. ....................... [80,300 ] TOTAL SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY .......................................................................... 2,267,000 OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 009 DDG MOD .................................................................................................................... ............................... 65,000 Scope Increase ................................................................................................................. ....................... [65,000 ] SMALL BOATS 032 STANDARD BOATS ............................................................................................................. ........................ 20,000 Program Acceleration ........................................................................................................... .................. [20,000 ] OTHER SHIP SUPPORT 039A LCS LAUNCHER .............................................................................................................. ............................ 24,900 Navy unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... .............. [24,900 ] AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 104 WEAPONS RANGE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ .... 9,000 Navy unfunded requirement—Barking Sands Tactical Underwater Range ................................................. [9,000 ] OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 116 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... ..... 59,329 59,329 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................ 59,329 178,229 PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 004 155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER ........................................................................................... .... 14,000 Marine Corps unfunded requirement- chrome tubes ................................................................................ .. [14,000 ] OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 036 COMMAND POST SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ................ 40,800 Marine Corps unfunded requirement- SPMAGTF—C4 UUNS .................................................................... [40,800 ] TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ........................................................................................ 54,800 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE TACTICAL FORCES 001 F–35 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 690,500 Air Force unfunded requirement ................................................................................................. ............. [690,500 ] OTHER AIRLIFT 004 C–130J ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 271,500 Scope Increase ................................................................................................................. ....................... [271,500 ] HELICOPTERS 
010 UUH–1N REPLACEMENT ......................................................................................................... ................... 80,000 Program increase to address urgent need ........................................................................................ ......... [80,000 ] OTHER AIRCRAFT 015 MQ–9 ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 179,430 179,430 015A EC–130H ................................................................................................................... .................................... 103,000 Scope increase ................................................................................................................. ....................... [103,000 ] TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 020 A–10 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 218,500 A–10 wing upgrades ............................................................................................................. ................... [120,000 ] Air Force unfunded requirement- A–10 antijam GPS ............................................................................... .. [10,300 ] Air Force unfunded requirement- A–10 situation awareness upgrade kits ................................................... [23,200  ] Air Force unfunded requirement- ASE radar warning receiver upgrades .................................................... [65,000 ] 021 F–15 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 60,400 Air Force unfunded requirement- ASE radar warning receiver upgrades .................................................... [60,400 ] 022 F–16 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 187,500 Air Force unfunded requirement- antijam GPS .................................................................................... ..... [5,000 ] Air Force unfunded requirement- missile warning system ......................................................................... . [12,000 ] Air Force unfunded requirement- radar warning receiver upgrades ........................................................... [170, 500 ] OTHER AIRCRAFT 049 E–8 ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 17,500 Additional 2 PME-DMS kits ...................................................................................................... .............. [17,500 ] 054 H–60 ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 70,700 Air Force unfunded requirement- ASE radar warning receivers ................................................................. [70 ,700 ] TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .............................................................................. 179,430 1,879,030 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE TACTICAL 007 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB ........................................................................................................ ................. 167,800 167,800 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2607 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4103. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
CLASS IV 011 AGM–65D MAVERICK ........................................................................................................... ...................... 16,900 16,900 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................. 184,700 184,700 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ROCKETS 001 ROCKETS .................................................................................................................... ................................ 60,000 60,000 BOMBS 006 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ............................................................................................... ........... 263,000 263,000 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE .................................................................. 323,000 323,000 PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 007 TELEPORT PROGRAM ........................................................................................................... .................... 2,000 2,000 016 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS NETWORK ........................................................................................ 2,000 2,000 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ........................................................................................ 4,000 4,000 TOTAL PROCUREMENT.................................................................................................................... 1,287,871 10,728,171 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION. 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY BASIC RESEARCH 001 0601101A IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ................................................................ 12,381 12, 381 002 0601102A DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ........ 253,116 253,116 003 0601103A UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... .... 69,166 69,166 004 0601104A UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS .................................................................. 94,280 9 4,280 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH................................................................................................. 428,943 428,943 APPLIED RESEARCH 005 0602105A MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ........... 31,533 31,533 006 0602120A SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY ........................................................................... 36, 109 36,109 007 0602122A TRACTOR HIP ....................................................................................................... ....................... 6,995 6,995 008 0602211A AVIATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ............. 65,914 65,914 009 0602270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... 25,466 25,466 010 0602303A MISSILE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............... 44,313 44,313 011 0602307A ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... . 28,803 28,803 012 0602308A ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND SIMULATION ................................................................................. 2 7,688 27,688 013 0602601A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY .............................................................. 67,959 67,95 9 014 0602618A BALLISTICS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ............ 85,436 85,436 015 0602622A CHEMICAL, SMOKE AND EQUIPMENT DEFEATING TECHNOLOGY .......................................... 3,923 3,923 016 0602623A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM .................................................................................. 5,545 5,545 017 0602624A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 53, 581 53,581 018 0602705A ELECTRONICS AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES ............................................................................... 5 6,322 56,322 019 0602709A NIGHT VISION TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................... .......... 36,079 36,079 020 0602712A COUNTERMINE SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... ............ 26,497 26,497 021 0602716A HUMAN FACTORS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................... 23,671 23,671 022 0602720A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. 22,1 51 22,151 023 0602782A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................... 37,803 37,803 024 0602783A COMPUTER AND SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. 13,8 11 13,811 025 0602784A MILITARY ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... 67,416 67,416 026 0602785A MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY .................................................................. 26,045 26, 045 027 0602786A WARFIGHTER TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ......... 37,403 42,403 Program Increase ............................................................................................................... ...... [5,000 ] 028 0602787A MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............. 77,111 77,111 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................. 907,574 912,574 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 029 0603001A WARFIGHTER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. 38 ,831 38,831 030 0603002A MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... .. 68,365 68,365 031 0603003A AVIATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... .. 94,280 94,280 032 0603004A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................ 68,714 68,714  033 0603005A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................... 122,132 122,132 034 0603006A SPACE APPLICATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 3,904 3 ,904 035 0603007A MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..................................... 14,417 14,417 037 0603009A TRACTOR HIKE ...................................................................................................... ..................... 8,074 21,374 See classified annex ........................................................................................................... ...... [13,300 ] 038 0603015A NEXT GENERATION TRAINING & SIMULATION SYSTEMS ........................................................ 18,969 18,969  039 0603020A TRACTOR ROSE ...................................................................................................... ..................... 11,910 11,910 040 0603125A COMBATING TERRORISM—TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...................................................... 27,686 27,686 041 0603130A TRACTOR NAIL ...................................................................................................... ...................... 2,340 2,340 042 0603131A TRACTOR EGGS ...................................................................................................... ..................... 2,470 2,470 043 0603270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... 27,893 27,893 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2608 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
044 0603313A MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................... 52,190 5 2,190 045 0603322A TRACTOR CAGE ...................................................................................................... ..................... 11,107 11,107 046 0603461A HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ........................................... 177,190 179,190 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ...... [2,000 ] 047 0603606A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................ 17,451 17,451 048 0603607A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM .................................................................................. 5,839 5,839 049 0603710A NIGHT VISION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. 4 4,468 44,468 050 0603728A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .............................................. 11,137 11,137 051 0603734A MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................... 20,684 20,6 84 052 0603772A ADVANCED TACTICAL COMPUTER SCIENCE AND SENSOR TECHNOLOGY .............................. 44,239 44,239 053 0603794A C3 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ......... 35,775 35,775 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 930,065 945,365 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 054 0603305A ARMY MISSLE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................... 9,433 9 ,433 055 0603308A ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................... .. 23,056 23,056 056 0603619A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER—ADV DEV ...................................................................... 72,117 7 2,117 057 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV ............................................... 28,244 28,244 058 0603639A TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION ............................................................................ 40,0 96 40,096 059 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY ................................................................................. 10,506 10,506 060 0603766A TACTICAL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—ADV DEV .................................................. 15,730 15,730 061 0603774A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 10,321 10,3 21 062 0603779A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—DEM/VAL ............................................................ 7,785 7,785 063 0603790A NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... 2,300 2,300 064 0603801A AVIATION—ADV DEV .................................................................................................. ................ 10,014 10,014 065 0603804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ADV DEV ................................................................. 20,834 20 ,834 066 0603807A MEDICAL SYSTEMS—ADV DEV ........................................................................................... ........ 33,503 41,003 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ...... [7,500 ] 067 0603827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................... 31,120 31 ,120 068 0604100A ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES .......................................................................................... .......... 6,608 6,608 069 0604114A LOWER TIER AIR MISSILE DEFENSE (LTAMD) SENSOR ............................................................ 35,132 35 ,132 070 0604115A TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ................................................................................ 7 0,047 70,047 071 0604120A ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) ....................................................... 83,279 83,2 79 073 0305251A CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS FORCES AND FORCE SUPPORT .................................................... 40,510 40,510 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ...............................550,635 558,135 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 074 0604201A AIRCRAFT AVIONICS ................................................................................................. ................. 83,248 83,248 075 0604270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 3 4,642 34,642 077 0604290A MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) .............................................................. 12,172 12, 172 078 0604321A ALL SOURCE ANALYSIS SYSTEM ........................................................................................ ....... 3,958 3,958 079 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ...................................................................................................... ..................... 12,525 12,525 080 0604601A INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS .......................................................................................... ....... 66,943 66,943 082 0604611A JAVELIN ........................................................................................................... ............................ 20,011 20,011 083 0604622A FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES ................................................................................. 11,429 11,429 084 0604633A AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ............................................................................................... ............... 3,421 3,421 085 0604641A TACTICAL UNMANNED GROUND VEHICLE (TUGV) ................................................................... 39,282 3 9,282 086 0604642A LIGHT TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLES ................................................................................... .. 494 494 087 0604645A ARMORED SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION (ASM)—ENG DEV ......................................................... 9,678 9,678 088 0604710A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ...................................................................................... ..... 84,519 84,519 089 0604713A COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT .................................................................... 2,054 2 ,054 090 0604715A NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES—ENG DEV ............................................................................ 30, 774 30,774 091 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV ..................................... 53,332 61,332 Program increase- all digital radar technology for CRAM .......................................................... [8,000 ] 092 0604742A CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 17,887 17,887 093 0604746A AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... 8,813 8, 813 094 0604760A DISTRIBUTIVE INTERACTIVE SIMULATIONS (DIS)—ENG DEV ................................................. 10,487 10,487 095 0604780A COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (CATT) CORE ............................................................... 15,068 15 ,068 096 0604798A BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION ........................................................... 89,716 89,7 16 097 0604802A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS—ENG DEV ..................................................................................... . 80,365 80,365 098 0604804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ................................................................. 75,098 86 ,198 Program Increase- next generation signature management ......................................................... [11,100 ] 
099 0604805A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ............................................. 4,245 4,245 100 0604807A MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ................... 41,124 41,124 101 0604808A LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER—ENG DEV ............................................................................... 39, 630 39,630 102 0604818A ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE ..................................... 205,590 205,590 103 0604820A RADAR DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. ............. 15,983 15,983 104 0604822A GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEM (GFEBS) ...................................................... 6,805 6,805 105 0604823A FIREFINDER ........................................................................................................ ........................ 9,235 9,235 106 0604827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—WARRIOR DEM/VAL .................................................................................. 1 2,393 12,393 107 0604854A ARTILLERY SYSTEMS—EMD ............................................................................................. ......... 1,756 1,756 108 0605013A INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 74,236 74,236 109 0605018A INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPPS-A) ................................................. 155,584 155,584 110 0605028A ARMORED MULTI-PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ......................................................................... 184,2 21 184,221 111 0605029A INTEGRATED GROUND SECURITY SURVEILLANCE RESPONSE CAPABILITY (IGSSR-C) .......... 4,980 4,980 112 0605030A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) ............................................................................. 1 5,041 15,041 113 0605031A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) ...................................................................................... ....... 16,014 16,014 114 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... ...................... 27,254 27,254 115 0605033A GROUND-BASED OPERATIONAL SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—EXPEDITIONARY (GBOSS-E) ...... 5,032 5,032 116 0605034A TACTICAL SECURITY SYSTEM (TSS) .................................................................................... ...... 2,904 2,904 117 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ................................................................. 96,977 96, 977 118 0605036A COMBATING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION (CWMD) ........................................................ 2,089 2,089 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2609 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
119 0605041A DEFENSIVE CYBER TOOL DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 33 ,836 33,836 120 0605042A TACTICAL NETWORK RADIO SYSTEMS (LOW-TIER) ................................................................. 18,824 1 8,824 121 0605047A CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ......... 20,663 20,663 122 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................. 41, 133 41,133 123 0605052A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2—BLOCK 1 .................................................... 83,995 83,995  125 0605380A AMF JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM (JTRS) ........................................................................... 5 ,028 5,028 126 0605450A JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ... 42,972 42,972 128 0605457A ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AIAMD) ...................................................... 252,811 252,8 11 131 0605766A NATIONAL CAPABILITIES INTEGRATION (MIP) ........................................................................ 4,9 55 4,955 132 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOP-MENT PH. 11,530 11,530 133 0605830A AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................................................................. 2,1 42 2,142 134 0210609A PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) ........................................................................... 41,4 98 41,498 135 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... ...................... 4,273 4,273 136 0304270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 1 4,425 14,425 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION .................................................... 2,265,094 2,284,194 RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 137 0604256A THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... . 25,675 25,675 138 0604258A TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ .... 19,122 19,122 139 0604759A MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............ 84,777 84,777 140 0605103A RAND ARROYO CENTER ................................................................................................ ............. 20,658 20,658 141 0605301A ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL .............................................................................................. ............ 236,648 236,648 142 0605326A CONCEPTS EXPERIMENTATION PROGRAM ............................................................................... 25, 596 25,596 144 0605601A ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES ................................................................................... .... 293,748 293,748 145 0605602A ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS .................................................. 52,404 52,404 146 0605604A SURVIVABILITY/LETHALITY ANALYSIS .................................................................................. .. 38,571 38,571 147 0605606A AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION ............................................................................................ ............ 4,665 4,665 148 0605702A METEOROLOGICAL SUPPORT TO RDT&E ACTIVITIES ............................................................. 6,925 6,925  149 0605706A MATERIEL SYSTEMS ANALYSIS ......................................................................................... ........ 21,677 21,677 150 0605709A EXPLOITATION OF FOREIGN ITEMS ..................................................................................... .... 12,415 12,415 151 0605712A SUPPORT OF OPERATIONAL TESTING .................................................................................... .. 49,684 49,684 152 0605716A ARMY EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................................................ ......... 55,905 55,905 153 0605718A ARMY MODELING & SIM X-CMD COLLABORATION & INTEG ................................................... 7,959 7,959 154 0605801A PROGRAMWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................ .......... 51,822 51,822 155 0605803A TECHNICAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES .................................................................................. .. 33,323 33,323 156 0605805A MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY ............................................ 40,545 40,545 157 0605857A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT .................................................. 2,130 2,130 158 0605898A MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ........... 49,885 49,885 159 0303260A DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION INITIATIVE ........................................................................... 2, 000 2,000 SUBTOTAL RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ......................................................................... 1,136,134 1,136,134 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 161 0603778A MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................. 9,663  9,663 162 0603813A TRACTOR PULL ...................................................................................................... ..................... 3,960 3,960 163 0605024A ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................................................................... 3,638 3,638 164 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ........................................ 14,517 14,517 165 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE ..................................................................................................... ................... 4,479 4,479 166 0607134A LONG RANGE PRECISION FIRES (LRPF) ................................................................................. ... 39,275 39,275 167 0607135A APACHE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ......................................................................... 66,441 66,441 168 0607136A BLACKHAWK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................. 46,765 46,76 5 169 0607137A CHINOOK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ....................................................................... 91,848 9 1,848 170 0607138A FIXED WING PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................. 796 796 171 0607139A IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM .................................................................................. 1 26,105 126,105 172 0607140A EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES FROM NIE .................................................................................... . 2,369 2,369 173 0607141A LOGISTICS AUTOMATION .............................................................................................. ............. 4,563 4,563 174 0607665A FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS .............................................................................................. ............. 12,098 12,098 175 0607865A PATRIOT PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT ....................................................................................... ... 49,482 49,482 176 0202429A AEROSTAT JOINT PROJECT—COCOM EXERCISE ....................................................................... 45,482  2,482 
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. ..... [–43,000 ] 178 0203728A JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM (JADOCS) ........................... 30,455 30,455 179 0203735A COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ........................................................................ 316,857  316,857 180 0203740A MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ....... 4,031 4,031 181 0203744A AIRCRAFT MODIFICATIONS/PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ....................................... 35,793 35,793 182 0203752A AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................... 259 259 183 0203758A DIGITIZATION ...................................................................................................... ....................... 6,483 6,483 184 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................. 5,122 5,122 185 0203802A OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS .......................................................... 7,491 7,491 186 0203808A TRACTOR CARD ...................................................................................................... .................... 20,333 20,333 188 0205410A MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... ... 124 124 190 0205456A LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SYSTEM ....................................................... 69,417 69,41 7 191 0205778A GUIDED MULTIPLE-LAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) ......................................................... 22,044 22,044  192 0208053A JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ..... 12,649 12,649 194 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................. 1 1,619 11,619 195 0303140A INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................ 38,280  38,280 196 0303141A GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... .. 27,223 27,223 197 0303142A SATCOM GROUND ENVIRONMENT (SPACE) ............................................................................... 18 ,815 18,815 198 0303150A WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ............................................................ 4,718 4,718 202 0305204A TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................ 8 ,218 8,218 203 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... 11,799 11,799 204 0305208A DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 32,284 32,28 4 205 0305219A MQ–1C GRAY EAGLE UAS .............................................................................................. .............. 13,470 13,470 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2610 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
206 0305232A RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... .......................... 1,613 1,613 207 0305233A RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... ........................... 4,597 4,597 209 0310349A WIN-T INCREMENT 2—INITIAL NETWORKING ........................................................................... 4,8 67 4,867 210 0708045A END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES .............................................................. 62,287 62 ,287 210A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................. 4,625 4,625 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 1,296,954 1,253,954 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY .............................................. 7,515,399 7,519,299 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY BASIC RESEARCH 001 0601103N UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... .... 101,714 121,714 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ...... [20,000 ] 002 0601152N IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ................................................................ 18,508 18, 508 003 0601153N DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ........ 422,748 422,748 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH................................................................................................. 542,970 562,970 APPLIED RESEARCH 004 0602114N POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................... 41 ,371 41,371 005 0602123N FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................ 1 58,745 158,745 006 0602131M MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 51,590 51,590 007 0602235N COMMON PICTURE APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................................. 4 1,185 41,185 008 0602236N WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................. 45,467 45 ,467 009 0602271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................ 118,941 11 8,941 010 0602435N OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................... 42,618 74,618 Service Life Extension Program—AGOR .................................................................................... [32,000 ] 011 0602651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................ 6,327 6,3 27 012 0602747N UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................................. 126 ,313 126,313 013 0602750N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................... 165,103 1 65,103 014 0602782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................. 33,916 33,916 015 0602898N SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT—ONR HEADQUARTERS ...................................... 29,575 29,575 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................. 861,151 893,151 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 016 0603114N POWER PROJECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 96,406 1 06,406 Program increase for common mount ......................................................................................... [10,0 00 ] 017 0603123N FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 48,438 4 8,438 018 0603271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................... 26,421 26,421 019 0603640M USMC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) ...................................................... 140,416 140,416 020 0603651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................... 13,117 13,117 021 0603673N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................... 249,092 249,092 022 0603680N MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................................................ 56,712  56,712 023 0603729N WARFIGHTER PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................... 4,789 4,789 024 0603747N UNDERSEA WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................... 25,880 25 ,880 025 0603758N NAVY WARFIGHTING EXPERIMENTS AND DEMONSTRATIONS ................................................ 60,550 65,550 Program Increase ............................................................................................................... ...... [5,000 ] 026 0603782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ......................................... 15,167 15,167 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 736,988 751,988 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 027 0603207N AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS ................................................................................... ... 48,536 48,536 028 0603216N AVIATION SURVIVABILITY ............................................................................................ ............ 5,239 5,239 030 0603251N AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ................. 1,519 1,519 031 0603254N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................... ....... 7,041 7,041 032 0603261N TACTICAL AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE .................................................................................. 3,274 3,274 033 0603382N ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 57,034  72,034 Program Increase ............................................................................................................... ...... [15,000 ] 034 0603502N SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES ................................................. 165,775 165,775 035 0603506N SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE ...................................................................................... ..... 87,066 87,066 036 0603512N CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... .... 7,605 7,605 037 0603525N PILOT FISH ........................................................................................................ .......................... 132,068 132,068 038 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ..................................................................................................... ................... 14,546 14,546 039 0603536N RETRACT JUNIPER ...................................................................................................
................... 115,435 115,435 040 0603542N RADIOLOGICAL CONTROL .............................................................................................. ........... 702 702 041 0603553N SURFACE ASW ....................................................................................................... ...................... 1,081 1,081 042 0603561N ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... 100,565 10 0,565 043 0603562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS ............................................................................ 8,78 2 8,782 044 0603563N SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN ...................................................................................... ..... 14,590 14,590 045 0603564N SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES ............................................................. 15,805 1 5,805 046 0603570N ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ................................................................................... 4 53,313 453,313 047 0603573N ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS ............................................................................ 36,6 55 36,655 048 0603576N CHALK EAGLE ....................................................................................................... ...................... 367,016 367,016 049 0603581N LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LCS) ........................................................................................ ......... 51,630 51,630 050 0603582N COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ......................................................................................... ...... 23,530 23,530 051 0603595N OHIO REPLACEMENT .................................................................................................. ................ 700,811 700,811 052 0603596N LCS MISSION MODULES ............................................................................................... ............... 160,058 129,158 Program Restructure ............................................................................................................ .... [–30,900 ] 053 0603597N AUTOMATED TEST AND ANALYSIS ....................................................................................... ..... 8,000 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ...... [8,000 ] 054 0603599N FRIGATE DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... ............ 84,900 84,900 055 0603609N CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................ .......... 8,342 8,342 056 0603611M MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES ..................................................................................... .... 158,682 158,682 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2611 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
057 0603635M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................. 1,303 1,303 058 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 46,911 46,911  060 0603713N OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 4,556 4,556 061 0603721N ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION .......................................................................................... ...... 20,343 20,343 062 0603724N NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM ............................................................................................... ............ 52,479 52,479 063 0603725N FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT ............................................................................................ ........... 5,458 5,458 064 0603734N CHALK CORAL ....................................................................................................... ...................... 245,860 245,860 065 0603739N NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY ........................................................................................ ........ 3,089 3,089 066 0603746N RETRACT MAPLE ..................................................................................................... ................... 323,526 323,526 067 0603748N LINK PLUMERIA ..................................................................................................... .................... 318,497 318,497 068 0603751N RETRACT ELM ....................................................................................................... ...................... 52,834 52,834 069 0603764N LINK EVERGREEN .................................................................................................... ................... 48,116 48,116 070 0603787N SPECIAL PROCESSES ................................................................................................. ................. 13,619 13,619 071 0603790N NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... 9,867 9,867 072 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ........ 6,015 6,015 073 0603851M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TESTING .................................................................................. . 27,904 27,904 074 0603860N JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS—DEM/VAL ......................................... 104,144 104,144 075 0603925N DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS ........................................................... 32,700 32,70 0 076 0604112N GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER (CVN 78—80) ..................................... 70,528 70,528 077 0604122N REMOTE MINEHUNTING SYSTEM (RMS) ................................................................................... . 3,001 3,001 078 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM) ........................... 34,920 34,920 080 0604292N MH-XX ............................................................................................................. ............................ 1,620 1,620 081 0604454N LX (R) ............................................................................................................ .............................. 6,354 6,354 082 0604536N ADVANCED UNDERSEA PROTOTYPING ..................................................................................... 78,589 78,589 084 0604659N PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM ....................................................... 9,910 9,910 085 0604707N SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT ........... 23,971 23,971 086 0604786N OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT ........................................... 252,409 252,409 087 0605812M JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOP-MENT PH. 23,197 23,197 088 0303354N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT—MIP ....................................................................................... .. 9,110 9,110 089 0304270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT—MIP ......................................................................... 437 437  SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ...............................4,662,867 4,654,967 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 090 0603208N TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT .......................................................................................... .......... 19,938 19,938 091 0604212N OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ ........ 6,268 6,268 092 0604214N AV–8B AIRCRAFT—ENG DEV ............................................................................................ ........... 33,664 33,664 093 0604215N STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................. ......... 1,300 1,300 094 0604216N MULTI-MISSION HELICOPTER UPGRADE DEVELOPMENT ....................................................... 5,275 5,275 095 0604218N AIR/OCEAN EQUIPMENT ENGINEERING ................................................................................... .. 3,875 3,875 096 0604221N P–3 MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ......................................................................................... ...... 1,909 1,909 097 0604230N WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ......... 13,237 13,237 098 0604231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ....... 36,323 36,323 099 0604234N ADVANCED HAWKEYE .................................................................................................. .............. 363,792 363,792 100 0604245N H–1 UPGRADES ...................................................................................................... ...................... 27,441 27,441 101 0604261N ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS ........................................................................................... .......... 34,525 34,525 102 0604262N V–22A ............................................................................................................. ............................... 174,423 174,423 103 0604264N AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ... 13,577 13,577 104 0604269N EA–18 ............................................................................................................. ............................... 116,761 116,761 105 0604270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 4 8,766 48,766 106 0604273N EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ .... 338,357 338,357 107 0604274N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ...................................................................................... ..... 577,822 577,822 108 0604280N JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM—NAVY (JTRS-NAVY) ............................................................ 2,365 2,36 5 109 0604282N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) INCREMENT II ................................................................... 52,065  52,065 110 0604307N SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING ........................................................ 282,764 282,764  111 0604311N LPD–17 CLASS SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................. ... 580 580 112 0604329N SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) ......................................................................................... ........ 97,622 97,622 113 0604366N STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS ..................................................................................... .. 120,561 120,561 114 0604373N AIRBORNE MCM ...................................................................................................... .................... 45,622 45,622 116 0604378N NAVAL INTEGRATED FIRE CONTROL—COUNTER AIR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ..................... 25,750 25,750 118 0604501N ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS ...................................................................................... .. 85,868 85,868 119 0604503N SSN–688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION .................................................................................
. 117,476 117,476 120 0604504N AIR CONTROL ....................................................................................................... ....................... 47,404 47,404 121 0604512N SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ....... 112,158 112,158 122 0604518N COMBAT INFORMATION CENTER CONVERSION ....................................................................... 6,283 6 ,283 123 0604522N AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM .............................................................. 144,395 1 44,395 124 0604558N NEW DESIGN SSN .................................................................................................... ..................... 113,013 113,013 125 0604562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM .............................................................................. 43, 160 43,160 126 0604567N SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/ LIVE FIRE T&E ............................................................................... .. 65,002 85,002 CVN Design ..................................................................................................................... ........ [20,000 ] 127 0604574N NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES ................................................................................ 3, 098 3,098 128 0604580N VIRGINIA PAYLOAD MODULE (VPM) ..................................................................................... .... 97,920 97,920 129 0604601N MINE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................. ............... 10,490 10,490 130 0604610N LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 20, 178 20,178 131 0604654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 7,369 7,369 132 0604703N PERSONNEL, TRAINING, SIMULATION, AND HUMAN FACTORS ............................................... 4,995 4,995 133 0604727N JOINT STANDOFF WEAPON SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... ... 412 412 134 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) .............................................................................. 134,619 134,619 135 0604756N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) ............................................................................. 114,475 105,475 Program Execution .............................................................................................................. .... [–9,000 ] 136 0604757N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KILL/EW) ........................................................................ 11 4,211 114,211 137 0604761N INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING .......................................................................................... ......... 11,029 11,029 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2612 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
138 0604771N MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... ........... 9,220 9,220 139 0604777N NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM .............................................................................................. .............. 42,723 42,723 140 0604800M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ...... 531,426 531,426 141 0604800N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ...... 528,716 528,716 142 0604810M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—MARINE CORPS ................................ 74,227 74,227 143 0604810N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—NAVY ................................................. 63,387 63,387 144 0605013M INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 4,856 4 ,856 145 0605013N INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 97,066 97,066 146 0605024N ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................................................................... 2,500 2,500 147 0605212N CH–53K RDTE ....................................................................................................... ........................ 404,810 404,810 148 0605215N MISSION PLANNING .................................................................................................. .................. 33,570 33,570 149 0605217N COMMON AVIONICS ................................................................................................... ................. 51,599 51,599 150 0605220N SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) ..................................................................................... ....... 11,088 11,088 151 0605327N T-AO (X) .......................................................................................................... ............................. 1,095 1,095 152 0605414N MQ-XX ............................................................................................................. ............................ 89,000 77,000 Excess Obligation .............................................................................................................. ....... [–12,000 ] 153 0605450N JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ... 17,880 17,880 154 0605500N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) ......................................................................... 59,1 26 59,126 155 0605504N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME (MMA) INCREMENT III ................................................................. 182,220  182,220 156 0204202N DDG–1000 .......................................................................................................... ............................ 45,642 45,642 159 0304231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM—MIP ....................................................................................... .. 676 676 160 0304785N TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... .... 36,747 36,747 161 0305124N SPECIAL APPLICATIONS PROGRAM ...................................................................................... .... 35,002 35,002 162 0306250M CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... 4,942 4,942 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION .................................................... 6,025,655 6,024,655 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 163 0604256N THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... . 16,633 16,633 164 0604258N TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ .... 36,662 36,662 165 0604759N MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............ 42,109 42,109 166 0605126N JOINT THEATER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION ................................................ 2,998 2,998 167 0605152N STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—NAVY ............................................................................... 3, 931 3,931 168 0605154N CENTER FOR NAVAL ANALYSES ......................................................................................... ....... 46,634 46,634 169 0605285N NEXT GENERATION FIGHTER ........................................................................................... ......... 1,200 1,200 171 0605804N TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES .................................................................................... ... 903 903 172 0605853N MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................... 87,077 87,077 173 0605856N STRATEGIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ...... 3,597 3,597 174 0605861N RDT&E SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT ................................................................ 62,811 62,8 11 175 0605863N RDT&E SHIP AND AIRCRAFT SUPPORT ................................................................................... .. 106,093 106,093 176 0605864N TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ..... 349,146 349,146 177 0605865N OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION CAPABILITY .............................................................. 18,160 18, 160 178 0605866N NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT .................................................... 9,658 9,658 179 0605867N SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT ................................................................... 6,500 6, 500 180 0605873M MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT .............................................................................. 22, 247 22,247 181 0605898N MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ........... 16,254 16,254 182 0606355N WARFARE INNOVATION MANAGEMENT .................................................................................... 2 1,123 21,123 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ..................................................................................... 853,736 853,736 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 188 0607658N COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY (CEC) .................................................................... 84,501 84,501 189 0607700N DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND AND CONTROL ....................................................................... 2,970 2 ,970 190 0101221N STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT ...................................................................... 136,55 6 136,556 191 0101224N SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ................................................................................ 33 ,845 33,845 192 0101226N SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................. 9,329 9,32 9 193 0101402N NAVY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ..................................................................................... .. 17,218 17,218 195 0204136N F/A–18 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................. ................... 189,125 189,125 196 0204163N FLEET TELECOMMUNICATIONS (TACTICAL) ............................................................................ 48, 225 48,225 197 0204228N SURFACE SUPPORT ...................................................................................................
................. 21,156 21,156 198 0204229N TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) ...................................... 71,355 71,355 199 0204311N INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................................................... . 58,542 58,542 200 0204413N AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS (DISPLACEMENT CRAFT) ....................................... 13,929 13,929 201 0204460M GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ...................................................................... 83,53 8 83,538 202 0204571N CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 38,593 38,59 3 203 0204574N CRYPTOLOGIC DIRECT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ ...... 1,122 1,122 204 0204575N ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT ................................................................ 99,998 99 ,998 205 0205601N HARM IMPROVEMENT .................................................................................................. .............. 48,635 48,635 206 0205604N TACTICAL DATA LINKS ............................................................................................... ............... 124,785 124,785 207 0205620N SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ...................................................................... 24,583 24,583 208 0205632N MK–48 ADCAP ....................................................................................................... ....................... 39,134 39,134 209 0205633N AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS ............................................................................................. ........... 120,861 120,861 210 0205675N OPERATIONAL NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS .............................................................................. 101 ,786 101,786 211 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS .......................................................................... 82,15 9 82,159 212 0206335M COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (CAC2S) ........................................... 11,850 11,850 213 0206623M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS ........................................... 47,877 47,877 214 0206624M MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT .......................................................................... 13,1 94 13,194 215 0206625M USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP) ............................................... 17,171 17,171 216 0206629M AMPHIBIOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE ........................................................................................ ....... 38,020 38,020 217 0207161N TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. ............... 56,285 56,285 218 0207163N ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................................................ 40,350 40,350 219 0219902M GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM—MARINE CORPS (GCSS-MC) ......................................... 9,128 9,128 223 0303109N SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS (SPACE) .................................................................................. . 37,372 37,372 224 0303138N CONSOLIDATED AFLOAT NETWORK ENTERPRISE SERVICES (CANES) .................................... 23,541 23,541 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2613 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
225 0303140N INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................ 38,510  38,510 228 0305192N MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM (MIP) ACTIVITIES ......................................................... 6,019 6,019  229 0305204N TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................ 8 ,436 8,436 230 0305205N UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ........................................................................... 36, 509 36,509 231 0305208M DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 2,100 2,100 232 0305208N DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 44,571 44,57 1 233 0305220N MQ–4C TRITON ...................................................................................................... ...................... 111,729 111,729 234 0305231N MQ–8 UAV .......................................................................................................... .......................... 26,518 26,518 235 0305232M RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... .......................... 418 418 236 0305233N RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... ........................... 716 716 237 0305234N SMALL (LEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASL0) ............................................................................ . 5,071 5,071 238 0305239M RQ–21A ............................................................................................................ ............................. 9,497 9,497 239 0305241N MULTI-INTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... 77,965 77,965 240 0305242M UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (MIP) ............................................................ 11,181 11, 181 241 0305421N RQ–4 MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ ............... 181,266 181,266 242 0308601N MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT ................................................................................... 4,709 4,709 243 0702207N DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ........ 49,322 54,322 MH–60 Fleet Mid-Life Upgrades ................................................................................................ [5 ,000 ] 245 0708730N MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) .................................................................................... . 3,204 3,204 245A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................. 1,228,460 1,228,460 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 3,592,934 3,597,934 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ............................................... 17,276,301 17,339,401 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF BASIC RESEARCH 001 0601102F DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ........ 340,812 340,812 002 0601103F UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... .... 145,044 145,044 003 0601108F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES ......................................................................... 14, 168 14,168 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH................................................................................................. 500,024 500,024 APPLIED RESEARCH 004 0602102F MATERIALS ......................................................................................................... ........................ 126,152 131,152 Precision measuring tools ...................................................................................................... ... [5,000 ] 005 0602201F AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES .................................................................................... . 122,831 127,831 Reusable Hypersonic vehicle structures development .................................................................. [5,000 ] 006 0602202F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH ......................................................................... 111,6 47 116,647 Human-Machine Teaming ........................................................................................................ [5 ,000 ] 007 0602203F AEROSPACE PROPULSION .............................................................................................. ............ 185,671 185,671 008 0602204F AEROSPACE SENSORS ................................................................................................. ................ 155,174 155,174 009 0602601F SPACE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................................. ................ 117,915 117,915 010 0602602F CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................ .......... 109,649 109,649 011 0602605F DIRECTED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ .... 127,163 127,163 012 0602788F DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS .............................................................. 161,650 161 ,650 013 0602890F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH ........................................................................................ ....... 42,300 42,300 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................. 1,260,152 1,275,152 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 014 0603112F ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS ..................................................................... 35,137 4 5,137 Metals Affordability Initiative ................................................................................................ .. [10,000 ] 015 0603199F SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) ................................................................... 20,636 20,636 016 0603203F ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS ........................................................................................ ..... 40,945 40,945 017 0603211F AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV/DEMO ..................................................................................... 130,950 130,950 018 0603216F AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY ............................................................ 94,594 99,594
 Silicon Carbide for aerospace power application ........................................................................ [5,000 ] 019 0603270F ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... . 58,250 58,250 020 0603401F ADVANCED SPACECRAFT TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... 6 1,593 61,593 021 0603444F MAUI SPACE SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM (MSSS) .......................................................................... 11, 681 11,681 022 0603456F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ..................................... 26,492 26,492 023 0603601F CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ 102 ,009 102,009 024 0603605F ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... . 39,064 39,064 025 0603680F MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................................................ 46,344  46,344 026 0603788F BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION .................................... 58,110 58,110 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 725,805 740,805 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 027 0603260F INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................. 5,59 8 5,598 028 0603438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... ....... 7,534 7,534 029 0603742F COMBAT IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. 2 4,418 24,418 030 0603790F NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... 4,333 4,333 032 0603830F SPACE SECURITY AND DEFENSE PROGRAM ............................................................................. 32, 399 32,399 033 0603851F INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE—DEM/VAL .............................................................. 108,663 10 8,663 035 0604015F LONG RANGE STRIKE—BOMBER .......................................................................................... ...... 1,358,309 1,358,309 036 0604257F ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY AND SENSORS .................................................................................. 3 4,818 34,818 037 0604317F TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ............................................................................................... ............ 3,368 3,368 038 0604327F HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PROGRAM ....................... 74,308 74,308 039 0604422F WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON .......................................................................................... ...... 118,953 113,953 Transfer Cloud Characterization and Theater Weather Imagery to NRO ..................................... [–5,000 ] 040 0604425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ................................................................................. 9,901 9,901 041 0604776F DEPLOYMENT & DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE R&D ................................................................. 25,890 25 ,890 042 0604857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE .................................................................................... .. 7,921 27,921 Responsive Launch and Reconstitution ..................................................................................... [20,00 0 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2614 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
043 0604858F TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM ........................................................................................... ......... 347,304 347,304 044 0605230F GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT ................................................................................. 1 13,919 113,919 046 0207110F NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMINANCE ..................................................................................... ... 20,595 15,595 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. ..... [–5,000 ] 047 0207455F THREE DIMENSIONAL LONG-RANGE RADAR (3DELRR) ............................................................ 49,491 39,4 91 Excess funding to need ......................................................................................................... .... [–10,000 ] 048 0305164F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) ................................. 278,147 278,147 049 0305236F COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (CDL EA) ................................................................. 42,338 4 2,338 050 0306250F CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... 158,002 158, 002 051 0306415F ENABLED CYBER ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... .......... 15,842 15,842 052 0901410F CONTRACTING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM ............................................................ 5,782 5,782 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ...............................2,847,833 2,847,833 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 054 0604270F ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 1 2,476 12,476 055 0604281F TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE ............................................................................... 82 ,380 82,380 056 0604287F PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................... ..... 8,458 8,458 057 0604329F SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB)—EMD ..................................................................................... . 54,838 54,838 058 0604421F COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............ 34,394 34,394 059 0604425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ................................................................................. 23,945 23,945 060 0604426F SPACE FENCE ....................................................................................................... ....................... 168,364 168,364 061 0604429F AIRBORNE ELECTRONIC ATTACK ........................................................................................ ...... 9,187 9,187 062 0604441F SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEM (SBIRS) HIGH EMD ............................................................. 181,966 1 81,966 063 0604602F ARMAMENT/ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 20 ,312 20,312 064 0604604F SUBMUNITIONS ...................................................................................................... ..................... 2,503 2,503 065 0604617F AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT .............................................................................................. ............ 53,680 53,680 066 0604618F JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ...................................................................................... ...... 9,901 9,901 067 0604706F LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. .............. 7,520 7,520 068 0604735F COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ............................................................................................ .......... 77,409 77,409 069 0604800F F–35—EMD .......................................................................................................... ......................... 450,467 450,467 070 0604853F EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM (SPACE)—EMD ................................... 296,572 100,000 Launch System Investment (launch vehicle, upper stage, strap-on motor, or related infrastruc-ture). [100,000 ] Next Generation Launch System Investment .............................................................................. [–296,572  ] 070A 0604XXXF ROCKET PROPULSION SYSTEM ......................................................................................... ......... 220,000 Rocket Propulsion System Replacement of RD–180 ..................................................................... [220,000 ] 071 0604932F LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON ........................................................................................ .... 95,604 95,604 072 0604933F ICBM FUZE MODERNIZATION ........................................................................................... ......... 189,751 189,751 073 0605030F JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) ............................................................................. 1 ,131 1,131 074 0605213F F–22 MODERNIZATION INCREMENT 3.2B ................................................................................. .. 70,290 70,290 075 0605214F GROUND ATTACK WEAPONS FUZE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................. 937 937 076 0605221F KC–46 ............................................................................................................. ............................... 261,724 121,724 Scope Reduction ................................................................................................................ ...... [–140,000 ] 077 0605223F ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING ........................................................................................... .......... 12,377 12,377 078 0605229F CSAR HH–60 RECAPITALIZATION ....................................................................................... ........ 319,331 319,331 080 0605431F ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... .. 259,131 259,131 081 0605432F POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) ........................................................................................... .......... 50,815 50,815 082 0605433F WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... .. 41,632 41,632 083 0605458F AIR & SPACE OPS CENTER 10.2 RDT&E ................................................................................. ..... 28,911 28,911 084 0605931F B–2 DEFENSIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ................................................................................... . 315,615 288,957 Scope Reduction ................................................................................................................ ...... [–26,658 ] 085 0101125F NUCLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... 137,909 137,909 
086 0207171F F–15 EPAWSS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 256,669 256,669 087 0207701F FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING ...................................................................................... ..... 12,051 12,051 088 0305176F COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATOR .................................................................................... 29,253 29,253 089 0307581F JSTARS RECAP ...................................................................................................... ....................... 128,019 128,019 090 0401319F PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT (PAR) ..................................................................... 351,22 0 351,220 091 0701212F AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ......... 19,062 19,062 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION .................................................... 4,075,804 3,932,574 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 092 0604256F THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... . 21,630 21,630 093 0604759F MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............ 66,385 66,385 094 0605101F RAND PROJECT AIR FORCE ............................................................................................ ............ 34,641 34,641 096 0605712F INITIAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVALUATION .......................................................................... 11, 529 11,529 097 0605807F TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ..... 661,417 661,417 098 0605860F ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE) ....................................................................... 11,198  11,198 099 0605864F SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) .......................................................................................... ........... 27,070 27,070 100 0605976F FACILITIES RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....... 134,111 134,111 101 0605978F FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ............................................. 28,091 28,091 102 0606017F REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION ........................................................................ 29,100  29,100 103 0606116F SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... 18,528 18, 528 104 0606392F SPACE AND MISSILE CENTER (SMC) CIVILIAN WORKFORCE ................................................... 176,666 176,66 6 105 0308602F ENTEPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES (EIS) .............................................................................. 4,410 4,410 106 0702806F ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................ 14,6 13 14,613 107 0804731F GENERAL SKILL TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............ 1,404 1,404 109 1001004F INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... ........... 4,784 4,784 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ..................................................................................... 1,245,577 1,245,577 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 110 0603423F GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM III—OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT .............................. 393,268 393,268 111 0604233F SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................... 15,427 15, 427 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2615 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
112 0604445F WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................ ........... 46,695 46,695 115 0605018F AF INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM (AF-IPPS) ..................................................... 10,368 10,368  116 0605024F ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY ................................................................. 31,952 31, 952 117 0605117F FOREIGN MATERIEL ACQUISITION AND EXPLOITATION ........................................................ 42,960 42,960  118 0605278F HC/MC–130 RECAP RDT&E ............................................................................................. .............. 13,987 13,987 119 0101113F B–52 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... .................... 78,267 78,267 120 0101122F AIR-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ................................................................................ .. 453 453 121 0101126F B–1B SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ................... 5,830 5,830 122 0101127F B–2 SQUADRONS ..................................................................................................... ..................... 152,458 152,458 123 0101213F MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS ............................................................................................... ........... 182,958 182,958 124 0101313F STRAT WAR PLANNING SYSTEM—USSTRATCOM ...................................................................... 39,148 3 9,148 126 0101316F WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................ 6,042 6,04 2 128 0102110F UH–1N REPLACEMENT PROGRAM ......................................................................................... ..... 14,116 14,116 129 0102326F REGION/SECTOR OPERATION CONTROL CENTER MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ..................... 10,868 10,868 130 0105921F SERVICE SUPPORT TO STRATCOM—SPACE ACTIVITIES .......................................................... 8,674 8,674 131 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .......................................................................................................... .......................... 151,373 200,373 Auto take-off and landing capability ........................................................................................ [35 ,000 ] Tactical Datalink Integration .................................................................................................. . [14,000 ] 133 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... .................... 14,853 14,853 134 0207133F F–16 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... .................... 132,795 132,795 135 0207134F F–15E SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... ................... 356,717 356,717 136 0207136F MANNED DESTRUCTIVE SUPPRESSION .................................................................................... . 14,773 14,773 137 0207138F F–22A SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... ................... 387,564 387,564 138 0207142F F–35 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... .................... 153,045 153,045 139 0207161F TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. ............... 52,898 52,898 140 0207163F ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................................................ 62,470 62,470 143 0207227F COMBAT RESCUE—PARARESCUE .......................................................................................... ..... 362 362 144 0207247F AF TENCAP ......................................................................................................... ......................... 28,413 31,613 Restore FY16 level ............................................................................................................. ....... [3,200 ] 145 0207249F PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT ........................................................................ 649 64 9 146 0207253F COMPASS CALL ...................................................................................................... ..................... 13,723 50,823 Program Restructure ............................................................................................................ .... [37,100 ] 147 0207268F AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................... 109,859 109,859 148 0207325F JOINT AIR-TO-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) ............................................................. 30,002 3 0,002 149 0207410F AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ............................................................................... . 37,621 37,621 150 0207412F CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) ............................................................................... 1 3,292 13,292 151 0207417F AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWACS) ........................................................... 86,644 86,64 4 152 0207418F TACTICAL AIRBORNE CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................ 2 ,442 2,442 154 0207431F COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES .................................................................. 10,911 15,911 Geospatial software development .............................................................................................. [5 ,000 ] 155 0207444F TACTICAL AIR CONTROL PARTY-MOD .................................................................................... .. 11,843 11,843 156 0207448F C2ISR TACTICAL DATA LINK .......................................................................................... ............ 1,515 1,515 157 0207452F DCAPES ............................................................................................................ ............................ 14,979 14,979 158 0207590F SEEK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ ........................ 25,308 25,308 159 0207601F USAF MODELING AND SIMULATION ...................................................................................... .... 16,666 16,666 160 0207605F WARGAMING AND SIMULATION CENTERS ................................................................................ 4, 245 4,245 161 0207697F DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES ................................................................................ 3,886 3,886 162 0208006F MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .......................................................................................... .......... 71,785 71,785 164 0208087F AF OFFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS .............................................................................. 25 ,025 25,025 165 0208088F AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS .............................................................................. 29 ,439 29,439 168 0301017F GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) ............................................................... 3,470 3,4 70 169 0301112F NUCLEAR PLANNING AND EXECUTION SYSTEM (NPES) ........................................................... 4,060 4,060  
175 0301400F SPACE SUPERIORITY INTELLIGENCE .................................................................................... .... 13,880 13,880 176 0302015F E–4B NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER (NAOC) ...................................................... 30,948 30,948  177 0303001F FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FAB-T) .................................................................. 42,378 42,378 178 0303131F MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ........................ 47,471 47,471 179 0303140F INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................ 46,388  46,388 180 0303141F GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... .. 52 52 181 0303142F GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT—DATA INITIATIVE ................................................................. 2,099 2,09 9 184 0304260F AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ......... 90,762 90,762 187 0305099F GLOBAL AIR TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT (GATM) ......................................................................... 4,354  4,354 188 0305110F SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) ................................................................................. 15,624 15,624 189 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................................... .................. 19,974 22,974 Commercial Weather Pilot Program ........................................................................................... [3,0 00 ] 190 0305114F AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, AND LANDING SYSTEM (ATCALS) ................................. 9,770 9,770 191 0305116F AERIAL TARGETS .................................................................................................... .................... 3,051 3,051 194 0305128F SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................ 4 05 405 195 0305145F ARMS CONTROL IMPLEMENTATION ....................................................................................... ... 4,844 4,844 196 0305146F DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................ 339 339 199 0305173F SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................ 3,989 3,98 9 200 0305174F SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................... 3,070 3,070 201 0305179F INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ . 8,833 8,833 202 0305182F SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ..... 11,867 11,867 203 0305202F DRAGON U–2 ........................................................................................................ ........................ 37,217 37,217 205 0305206F AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... 3,841 18,841 Wide area motion imagery ....................................................................................................... . [15,000 ] 206 0305207F MANNED RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... . 20,975 20,975 207 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 18,902 18,90 2 208 0305220F RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... ........................... 256,307 256,307 209 0305221F NETWORK-CENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGETING ................................................................. 22,610 16, 310 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. ..... [–6,300 ] 211 0305238F NATO AGS .......................................................................................................... .......................... 38,904 38,904 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2616 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
212 0305240F SUPPORT TO DCGS ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ....... 23,084 23,084 213 0305258F ADVANCED EVALUATION PROGRAM ....................................................................................... .. 116,143 116,143 214 0305265F GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ............................................................................................. ................ 141,888 141,888 215 0305600F INTERNATIONAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY AND ARCHITECTURES ................................. 2,360 2,360 216 0305614F JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ............... 72,889 72,889 217 0305881F RAPID CYBER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................... ........... 4,280 4,280 218 0305906F NCMC—TW/AA SYSTEM ................................................................................................. .............. 4,951 4,951 219 0305913F NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... .... 21,093 21,093 220 0305940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS .......................................................................... 35,0 02 35,002 222 0308699F SHARED EARLY WARNING (SEW) ........................................................................................ ....... 6,366 6,366 223 0401115F C–130 AIRLIFT SQUADRON ............................................................................................ .............. 15,599 15,599 224 0401119F C–5 AIRLIFT SQUADRONS (IF) ........................................................................................ ............ 66,146 66,146 225 0401130F C–17 AIRCRAFT (IF) ................................................................................................ ..................... 12,430 12,430 226 0401132F C–130J PROGRAM .................................................................................................... ..................... 16,776 16,776 227 0401134F LARGE AIRCRAFT IR COUNTERMEASURES (LAIRCM) .............................................................. 5,166 5,16 6 229 0401314F OPERATIONAL SUPPORT AIRLIFT ....................................................................................... ...... 13,817 13,817 230 0401318F CV–22 ............................................................................................................. ............................... 16,702 16,702 231 0408011F SPECIAL TACTICS / COMBAT CONTROL .................................................................................. ... 7,164 7,164 232 0702207F DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ........ 1,518 1,518 233 0708610F LOGISTICS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) ................................................................... 61,676 61,676 234 0708611F SUPPORT SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... ... 9,128 9,128 235 0804743F OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................. ............. 1,653 1,653 236 0808716F OTHER PERSONNEL ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ........ 57 57 237 0901202F JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY ................................................................................... . 3,663 3,663 238 0901218F CIVILIAN COMPENSATION PROGRAM ..................................................................................... .. 3,735 3,735 239 0901220F PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION .......................................................................................... ........ 5,157 5,157 240 0901226F AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY .......................................................................... 1,5 23 1,523 242 0901538F FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .................................... 10,581 10,581 242A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................. 13,091,557 13,091,557 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 17,457,056 17,563,056 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ................................................... 28,112,251 28,105,021 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW BASIC RESEARCH 001 0601000BR DTRA BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVE ................................................................................... ...... 35,436 35,436 002 0601101E DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... ........ 362,297 352,297 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. ..... [–10,000 ] 003 0601110D8Z BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES ...................................................................................... ............ 36,654 36,654 004 0601117E BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE .............................................................. 57,791 57, 791 005 0601120D8Z NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM ............................................................................ 69 ,345 79,345 K–12 STEM program increase ................................................................................................... [1 0,000 ] 006 0601228D8Z HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTITUTIONS ................ 23,572 33,572 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ...... [10,000 ] 007 0601384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .................................................................. 44,800 4 4,800 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH................................................................................................. 629,895 639,895 APPLIED RESEARCH 008 0602000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... ........ 17,745 17,745 009 0602115E BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. .......... 115,213 105,213 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. ..... [–10,000 ] 010 0602230D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION ................................................................................... ... 30,000 0 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–30,000 ] 
011 0602234D8Z LINCOLN LABORATORY RESEARCH PROGRAM ........................................................................ 48,26 9 48,269 012 0602251D8Z APPLIED RESEARCH FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF S&T PRIORITIES ...................................... 42,206 42,206 013 0602303E INFORMATION & COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................ 353,635 348 ,635 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. ..... [–5,000 ] 014 0602383E BIOLOGICAL WARFARE DEFENSE ........................................................................................ ..... 21,250 21,250 015 0602384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .................................................................. 188,715 188,715 016 0602668D8Z CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH ......................................................................................... ............ 12,183 12,183 017 0602702E TACTICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ............. 313,843 313,843 018 0602715E MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 220,4 56 210,456 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. ..... [–10,000 ] 019 0602716E ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ......... 221,911 221,911 020 0602718BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT TECHNOLOGIES .................................................. 154,857 154,857 021 0602751D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE (SEI) APPLIED RESEARCH ........................................... 8,420 8,420 022 1160401BB SOF TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... .... 37,820 37,820 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................. 1,786,523 1,731,523 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 023 0603000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 23, 902 23,902 025 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................................................. 73,002 1 00,002 Additional EOD equipment for Conventional Units .................................................................... [12,000 ] Program increase for DOD CT and C-UAS ................................................................................ [15,000 ] 026 0603133D8Z FOREIGN COMPARATIVE TESTING ..................................................................................... ....... 19,343 29,343 Anti-tunnel defense systems .................................................................................................... . [10,000 ] 027 0603160BR COUNTERPROLIFERATION INITIATIVES—PROLIFERATION PREVENTION AND DEFEAT ...... 266,444 266,444 028 0603176C ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT ...................................................... 17,880 17,880 030 0603178C WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............ 71,843 71,843 031 0603179C ADVANCED C4ISR .................................................................................................... .................... 3,626 3,626 032 0603180C ADVANCED RESEARCH ................................................................................................. .............. 23,433 23,433 033 0603225D8Z JOINT DOD-DOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................. 17,256 17,256 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2617 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
035 0603274C SPECIAL PROGRAM—MDA TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. 83, 745 108,745 Classified Annex ............................................................................................................... ....... [25,000 ] 036 0603286E ADVANCED AEROSPACE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ..... 182,327 177,327 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. ..... [–5,000 ] 037 0603287E SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... . 175,240 165,240 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. ..... [–10,000 ] 038 0603288D8Z ANALYTIC ASSESSMENTS ............................................................................................ ............... 12,048 12,048 039 0603289D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS ............................................................... 57,020 5 7,020 041 0603375D8Z TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION ........................................................................................... ............ 39,923 19,923 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–20,000 ] 042 0603384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ................. 127,941 127,941 043 0603527D8Z RETRACT LARCH ................................................................................................... ..................... 181,977 181,977 044 0603618D8Z JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................ 22,0 30 22,030 045 0603648D8Z JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ............................................................ 148,184 15 8,184 Social Medial Analysis Cell .................................................................................................... .. [10,000 ] 046 0603662D8Z NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES ..................................................................... 9,331 9,331 047 0603680D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .......................... 158,398 148,398 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–10,000 ] 048 0603680S MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................................................ 31,259  31,259 049 0603699D8Z EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................... 49,895 49,895  050 0603712S GENERIC LOGISTICS R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .................................................. 11,011 11,011 052 0603716D8Z STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM .............................................................. 65,078 65, 078 053 0603720S MICROELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT ...................................... 97,826 97,826 054 0603727D8Z JOINT WARFIGHTING PROGRAM ....................................................................................... ......... 7,848 7,848 055 0603739E ADVANCED ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGIES .............................................................................. 49, 807 49,807 056 0603760E COMMAND, CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ....................................................... 155,081 155,081 057 0603766E NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 428,89 4 428,894 058 0603767E SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. .............. 241,288 241,288 060 0603781D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE .................................................................................. ..... 14,264 14,264 061 0603826D8Z QUICK REACTION SPECIAL PROJECTS ................................................................................. ..... 74,943 72,943 QRSP ........................................................................................................................... ........... [–2,000 ] 063 0603833D8Z ENGINEERING SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ .. 17,659 17,659 064 0603941D8Z TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................... 87, 135 87,135 065 0604055D8Z OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT ............................................................. 37,329 37, 329 066 0303310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... ...................... 44,836 21,236 Constellation program reduction ............................................................................................... [ –23,600 ] 067 1160402BB SOF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... 61,620 61,620 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 3,190,666 3,192,066 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 068 0603161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E ADC&P .............. 28,498 28,498 069 0603600D8Z WALKOFF ......................................................................................................... ........................... 89,643 89,643 071 0603821D8Z ACQUISITION ENTERPRISE DATA & INFORMATION SERVICES ................................................ 2,136 2,136 072 0603851D8Z ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM ................................... 52,491 52,491 073 0603881C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT ............................................... 206,834 206,834 074 0603882C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT ............................................. 862,080 862,080 075 0603884BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—DEM/VAL ............................................... 138,187 138,187 076 0603884C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS ................................................................................. ... 230,077 230,077 077 0603890C BMD ENABLING PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. .......... 401,594 401,594 078 0603891C SPECIAL PROGRAMS—MDA .............................................................................................. .......... 321,607 321,607 079 0603892C AEGIS BMD ......................................................................................................... ......................... 959,066 959,066 080 0603893C SPACE TRACKING & SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ........................................................................... 32, 129 32,129 081 0603895C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS ..................................................... 20,690 20,690 082 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND COMMUNICATI. 439,617 439,617 083 0603898C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT ................................................ 47,776 47,776 084 0603904C MISSILE DEFENSE INTEGRATION & OPERATIONS CENTER (MDIOC) ...................................... 54,750 54,750 085 0603906C REGARDING TRENCH .................................................................................................. ................ 8,785 8,785 086 0603907C SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) ...................................................................................... ....... 68,787 68,787 087 0603913C ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS ...................................................................................... .... 103,835 293,835 
Directed Energy Cooperation through MDA .............................................................................. [25,000 ] Increase for Cooperative Development Programs subject to Title XVI .......................................... [165,000 ] 088 0603914C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST .................................................................................... ...... 293,441 293,441 089 0603915C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TARGETS ................................................................................. .. 563,576 563,576 090 0603920D8Z HUMANITARIAN DEMINING ........................................................................................... ............ 10,007 10,007 091 0603923D8Z COALITION WARFARE ............................................................................................... ................. 10,126 10,126 092 0604016D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM ................................................................ 3,893 3,8 93 093 0604115C TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ................................................................................ 9 0,266 105,266 Directed Energy Acceleration—Low Power Laser Demonstrator - to reclaim schdule slippage ...... [15,000 ] 094 0604132D8Z MISSILE DEFEAT PROJECT .......................................................................................... .............. 45,000 45,000 095 0604250D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................ 844,870 804,870 SCO ............................................................................................................................ ............ [–40,000 ] 097 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED SYSTEM COMMON DEVELOPMENT .............. 3,320 3,320 099 0604682D8Z WARGAMING AND SUPPORT FOR STRATEGIC ANALYSIS (SSA) ............................................... 4,000 4,000 102 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ASSESS-MENTS. 23,642 23,642 104 0604873C LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR (LRDR) ....................................................................... 162,0 12 162,012 105 0604874C IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS .................................................................. 274,148 27 4,148 106 0604876C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT TEST ...................................... 63,444 63,444 107 0604878C AEGIS BMD TEST .................................................................................................... .................... 95,012 95,012 108 0604879C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR TEST ............................................................................ 8 3,250 83,250 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2618 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
109 0604880C LAND-BASED SM–3 (LBSM3) ........................................................................................... ............. 43,293 43,293 110 0604881C AEGIS SM–3 BLOCK IIA CO-DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................. 1 06,038 106,038 111 0604887C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE SEGMENT TEST .................................................... 56,481 56,481 112 0604894C MULTI-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE ......................................................................................... ......... 71,513 71,513 114 0303191D8Z JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC TECHNOLOGY (JET) PROGRAM ..................................................... 2,636 2,636 115 0305103C CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... ........... 969 969 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES ...........................6,919,519 7,089,519 115A 0604XXXD WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON ......................................................................................... ....... 5,000 Transfer Cloud Characterization and Theater Weather Imagery from USAF ............................... [5,000 ] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................... 170,000 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 116 0604161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E SDD ................... 10,324 10,324 117 0604165D8Z PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 181,303 186, 303 Examination of Army land-attack and anti-ship capability ........................................................ [5,000 ] 118 0604384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—EMD ....................................................... 266,231 266,231  119 0604764K ADVANCED IT SERVICES JOINT PROGRAM OFFICE (AITS-JPO) ............................................... 15,000 Commercial IT Eval Program .................................................................................................... [ 15,000 ] 120 0604771D8Z JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (JTIDS) .......................................... 16,288 16,288 121 0605000BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT CAPABILITIES .................................................... 4,568 4,568 122 0605013BL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 11,505  11,505 123 0605021SE HOMELAND PERSONNEL SECURITY INITIATIVE ...................................................................... 1,658  1,658 124 0605022D8Z DEFENSE EXPORTABILITY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ... 2,920 2,920 126 0605070S DOD ENTERPRISE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ..................................... 12,631 12,631 128 0605080S DEFENSE AGENCY INTIATIVES (DAI)—FINANCIAL SYSTEM .................................................... 26,657 26,657 129 0605090S DEFENSE RETIRED AND ANNUITANT PAY SYSTEM (DRAS) ..................................................... 4,949 4,949 130 0605140D8Z TRUSTED FOUNDRY ................................................................................................. .................. 69,000 69,000 131 0605210D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITIES ................................................. 9,881 9,881 132 0303141K GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... .. 7,600 7,600 133 0305304D8Z DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) ......................................... 2,703 2,703 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ............................................... 628,218 648,218 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 134 0604774D8Z DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) .................................................................. 4,678  4,678 135 0604875D8Z JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................... 4,499 4,499 136 0604940D8Z CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT (CTEIP) ............................. 219,199 219,199 137 0604942D8Z ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS ..................................................................................... ....... 28,706 28,706 138 0605001E MISSION SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ................... 69,244 69,244 139 0605100D8Z JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) .................................................... 87,080 87,0 80 140 0605104D8Z TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS ...................................................................... 23, 069 23,069 142 0605126J JOINT INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION (JIAMDO) .......................... 32,759 32,759 144 0605142D8Z SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ............................................................................................. ................ 32,429 32,429 145 0605151D8Z STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—OSD ................................................................................ .. 3,797 3,797 146 0605161D8Z NUCLEAR MATTERS-PHYSICAL SECURITY ............................................................................... . 5,302 5,302 147 0605170D8Z SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION ................................................. 7,246 7,246 148 0605200D8Z GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) .......................................................................... 1 ,874 1,874 149 0605384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .................................................................. 85,754 8 5,754 158 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANS-FER. 2,187 2,187 159 0605798D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS ..................................................................................... ...... 22,650 22,650 160 0605801KA DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ............................................................. 43,834 43 ,834 161 0605803SE R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING AND EVALUATION ................................... 22,240 22,240 162 0605804D8Z DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................. . 19,541 23,541 DASD(DT&E) ..................................................................................................................... ..... [4,000 ] 163 0605898E MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ........... 4,759 4,759 164 0605998KA MANAGEMENT HQ—DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ............................ 4,400 4,400 165 0606100D8Z BUDGET AND PROGRAM ASSESSMENTS .................................................................................. .. 4,014 4,014 166 0203345D8Z DEFENSE OPERATIONS SECURITY INITIATIVE (DOSI) ............................................................. 2,072 2,072 167 0204571J JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................... .... 7,464 7,464 170 0303166J SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES ............................................... 857 857 171 0303260D8Z DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION PROGRAM OFFICE (DMDPO) ............................................... 916 916 172 0305172K COMBINED ADVANCED APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... . 15,336 15,336 173 0305193D8Z CYBER INTELLIGENCE .............................................................................................. ................. 18,523 18,523 175 0804767D8Z COCOM EXERCISE ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING TRANSFORMATION (CE2T2)—MHA ............ 34,384 34,384 176 0901598C MANAGEMENT HQ—MDA ................................................................................................. ........... 31,160 56,160 Cyber Improvements Acceleration ............................................................................................. [25 ,000 ] 179 0903235D8W JOINT SERVICE PROVIDER (JSP) .................................................................................... ............ 827 827 180A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................. 56,799 56,799 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .....................................................................................
897,599 926,599 OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 181 0604130V ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS) .................................................................................. .... 4,241 4,241 182 0605127T REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH (RIO) AND PARTNERSHIP FOR PEACE INFORMA-TION MANA. 1,424 1,424 183 0605147T OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SYSTEM (OHASIS) ........... 287 287 184 0607210D8Z INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT .................................................. 16,195 16,195 185 0607310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .................................................... 4,194 4,194 186 0607327T GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS (G- TSCMIS). 7,861 7,861 187 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) ............. 33,361 33,361 189 0208043J PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM (PDAS) ........................................................................ 3,0 38 3,038 190 0208045K C4I INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................................. ............... 57,501 57,501 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2619 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
192 0301144K JOINT/ALLIED COALITION INFORMATION SHARING ................................................................ 5,935 5, 935 196 0302016K NATIONAL MILITARY COMMAND SYSTEM-WIDE SUPPORT ..................................................... 575 575 197 0302019K DEFENSE INFO INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING AND INTEGRATION ................................... 18,041 18,041 198 0303126K LONG-HAUL COMMUNICATIONS—DCS ...................................................................................... 13,994 18,994 Secure cellular communications for senior leaders ...................................................................... [5,000 ] 199 0303131K MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ........................ 12,206 12,206 200 0303135G PUBLIC KEY INFRASTRUCTURE (PKI) ................................................................................... .... 34,314 34,314 201 0303136G KEY MANAGEMENT INFRASTRUCTURE (KMI) .......................................................................... 36,60 2 36,602 202 0303140D8Z INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................ 8,87 6 8,876 203 0303140G INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................ 159,06 8 161,068 SHARKSEER Program Increase ................................................................................................ [2,00 0 ] 204 0303150K GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ............................................................................ 24,43 8 24,438 205 0303153K DEFENSE SPECTRUM ORGANIZATION ..................................................................................... .. 13,197 13,197 207 0303228K JOINT INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT (JIE) ............................................................................... 2,789 2,789 209 0303430K FEDERAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICES INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ...................................... 75,000 75,000 210 0303610K TELEPORT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ............... 657 657 215 0305103K CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... ........... 1,553 1,553 220 0305186D8Z POLICY R&D PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ............... 6,204 4,204 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–2,000 ] 221 0305199D8Z NET CENTRICITY .................................................................................................. ...................... 17,971 17,971 223 0305208BB DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 5,415 5,415  226 0305208K DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 3,030 3,030 229 0305327V INSIDER THREAT .................................................................................................... .................... 5,034 5,034 230 0305387D8Z HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM .................................................... 2,037 2,037 236 0307577D8Z INTELLIGENCE MISSION DATA (IMD) ................................................................................. ....... 13,800 13,800 238 0708012S PACIFIC DISASTER CENTERS .......................................................................................... ........... 1,754 1,754 239 0708047S DEFENSE PROPERTY ACCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM .................................................................... 2,154 2, 154 240 0902298J MANAGEMENT HQ—OJCS ................................................................................................ ........... 826 826 241 1105219BB MQ–9 UAV ......................................................................................................... ........................... 17,804 17,804 244 1160403BB AVIATION SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ................... 159,143 147,043 AC–130 Precision Strike ........................................................................................................ .... [–12,100 ] 245 1160405BB INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................. 7,958 7,958 246 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... ....... 64,895 64,895 247 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. .................. 44,885 44,885 248 1160432BB SPECIAL PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. .................. 1,949 1,949 249 1160434BB UNMANNED ISR ..................................................................................................... ...................... 22,117 22,117 250 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................ ............... 3,316 3,316 251 1160483BB MARITIME SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. .................. 54,577 54,577 252 1160489BB GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................ 3 ,841 3,841 253 1160490BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ...................................................................... 11,834  11,834 253A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................. 3,270,515 3,270,515 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 4,256,406 4,249,306 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW .................................................. 18,308,826 18,477,126 OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 001 0605118OTE OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................. .. 78,047 88,047 DOT&E Cybersecurity Exercises ............................................................................................... [10 ,000 ] 002 0605131OTE LIVE FIRE TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................... ........ 48,316 48,316 003 0605814OTE OPERATIONAL TEST ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSES .................................................................... 52,6 31 52,631 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ..................................................................................... 178,994 188,994 TOTAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE .............................................................. 178,994 188,994 TOTAL RDT&E.................................................................................................................... 71,391,771 71,629,841 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CON-TINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 055 0603308A ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................... ..... 9,375 9,375 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ..................................9,375 9,375 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 117 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) .................................................................... 10,900 10,900 122 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 73,110 73,110 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ....................................................... 84,010 84,010 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 208 0307665A BIOMETRICS ENABLED INTELLIGENCE ................................................................................... .... 7,104 7,104 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 7,104 7,104 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2620 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ................................................. 100,489 100,489 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 038 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ..................................................................................................... ...................... 3,907 3,907 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ..................................3,907 3,907 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 245A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ .................... 36,426 36,426 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 36,426 36,426 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY .................................................. 40,333 40,333 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 058 0604421F COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............... 425 425 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ....................................................... 425 425 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 200 0305174F SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...................... 4,715 4,715 242A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ .................... 27,765 27,765 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 32,480 32,480 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ...................................................... 32,905 32,905 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 253A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ .................... 162,419 162,419 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ................................................................ 162,419 162,419 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ..................................................... 162,419 162,419 TOTAL RDT&E....................................................................................................................... 336,146 336,146 
SEC. 4203. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CON-TINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS. 
SEC. 4203. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIRE- MENTS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 090 0604715A NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES—ENG DEV ............................................................................... 33 33 122 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 10,000 Army unfunded requirement- modernized warning system ............................................................. [10,000 ] SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ....................................................... 33 10,033 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 161 0603778A MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................................ 16 ,000 Army unfunded requirement- GMLRS M-code upgrade ................................................................. [16,000 ] 166 0607134A LONG RANGE PRECISION FIRES (LRPF) ................................................................................. ...... 27,700 Army unfunded requirement ...................................................................................................... .. [27,700 ] 179 0203735A COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ........................................................................... 10,0 00 Army unfunded requirement- Vehicle APS ................................................................................... [10,00 0 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 53,700 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ................................................. 33 63,733 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 078 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM) .............................. 37,990 37,990 081 0604454N LX (R) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 19,000 LX (R) Design .................................................................................................................. .......... [19,000 ] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ..................................37,990 56,990 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 102 0604262N V–22A ............................................................................................................. .................................. 11,400 Accelerate Readiness Improvement- Swashplate actuator re-design ................................................ [11,400 ] 118 0604501N ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS ...................................................................................... ..... 20,000 Aegis Radar Solid State Improvements ......................................................................................... [2 0,000 ] SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ....................................................... 31,400 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY .................................................. 37,990 88,390 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2621 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4203. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIRE- MENTS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 074 0603882C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT ................................................ 65,000 Ground System Communications Modernization & Upgrades to Enable Full RKV Capabilities ........ [65,000 ] 076 0603884C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS ................................................................................. ...... 45,000 Electronic Protection Acceleration for Sensors .............................................................................. [25 ,000 ] RFPs for Hawaii & East Coast Radars ......................................................................................... [20 ,000 ] 077 0603890C BMD ENABLING PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ............. 10,000 Modeling and Simulation Improvements ....................................................................................... [10, 000 ] 079 0603892C AEGIS BMD ......................................................................................................... ............................ 10,000 Aegis BMD Integration with AMDR ............................................................................................ [10, 000 ] 082 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND COMMUNICATI. 30,000 C2BMC Acceleration ............................................................................................................. ...... [20,000 ] Post-Intercept Assessment Acceleration ........................................................................................ [ 10,000 ] 088 0603914C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST .................................................................................... ......... 10,000 Test Infrastructure ............................................................................................................ ......... [10,000 ] 105 0604874C IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS ..................................................................... 75,000 Modernized Booster Acceleration ................................................................................................ . [50,000 ] RKV risk reduction ............................................................................................................. ........ [25,000 ] 112 0604894C MULTI-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE ......................................................................................... ............ 55,000 MOKV Technology Maturation ................................................................................................... [5 5,000 ] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES .............................. 300,000 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .................................. 300,000 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ..................................................... 300,000 TOTAL RDT&E....................................................................................................................... 38,023 452,123 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ........................ 791,450 791,450 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ............ 68,373 68,373 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ............... 438,823 438,823 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ................... 660,258 660,258 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ....... 863,928 1,198,828 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [334,900 ] 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ......................... 1,360,597 1,360,597 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .... 3,086,443 3,094,443 Additional cyber protection teams .............................................................................................. ............. [3,000 ] Public-private cyber training partnership ...................................................................................... .......... [5,000 ] 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. .......... 439,488 439,488 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ....... 1,013,452 1,026,052 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [12,600 ] 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............... 7,816,343 7,831,343 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [15,000 ] 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 2,234,546 2,2 34,546 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ............................................................................. 452,105  452,105 130 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS .................................................................................... 155 ,658 155,658 170 COMBATANT COMMANDS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ........................................................................... 441,143  441,143 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 19,822,607 20,193,107 MOBILIZATION 180 STRATEGIC MOBILITY ......................................................................................................... ..................... 336,329 336,329 190 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. ............. 390,848 574,848 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [184,000 ] 200 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................... ............... 7,401 7,401 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION................................................................................................................. 734,578 918,578 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 210 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ..................... 131,942 131,942 220 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ........................ 47,846 47,846 230 ONE STATION UNIT TRAINING .................................................................................................. ................ 45,419 45,419 240 SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ..................................................................................... .. 482,747 482,747 250 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ............... 921,025 927,525 Defense Foreign Language Program ............................................................................................... ......... [6,500 ] 260 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ......................... 902,845 902,845 270 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... . 216,583 216,583 280 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ....................... 607,534 607,534 290 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............. 550,599 550,599 300 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. .............................. 187,263 187,263 310 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ... 189,556 189,556 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2622 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
320 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ......... 182,835 182,835 330 JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS ...................................................................................... ... 171,167 171,167 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .......................................................................................... 4,637,361 4,643,861 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 350 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........... 230,739 350,739 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements from OCO ..................................................................................... .... [120,000 ] 360 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. ............... 850,060 850,060 370 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................ .............. 778,757 778,757 380 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... ............. 370,010 370,010 390 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 451,556 451,556 400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .......... 1,888,123 1,888,123 410 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ .............. 276,403 276,403 420 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............. 369,443 369,443 430 OTHER SERVICE SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... .................. 1,096,074 1,096,074 440 ARMY CLAIMS ACTIVITIES ..................................................................................................... .................. 207,800 207,800 450 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... .............. 240,641 240,641 460 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND AUDIT READINESS ............................................................................... 250, 612 250,612 470 INTERNATIONAL MILITARY HEADQUARTERS ........................................................................................ 416,587 416,587 480 MISC. SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS ............................................................................................. .......... 36,666 36,666 530 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................... 1,151,023 1,151,023 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................... 8,614,494 8,734,494 UNDISTRIBUTED 540 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –654,600 Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–56,100 ] Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... .............. [–229,900 ] Historical unobligated balances ................................................................................................ ............... [–376,300 ] Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction .................................................................................... ..... [7,700 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED.............................................................................................................. –654,600 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ................................................................................. 33,809,040 33,835,440 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES OPERATING FORCES 010 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ............ 11,435 11,435 020 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ............... 491,772 491,772 030 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ................... 116,163 116,163 040 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ....... 563,524 563,524 050 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ......................... 91,162 91,162 060 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .... 347,459 347,659 Defense Language Program ....................................................................................................... .............. [200 ] 070 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. .......... 101,926 101,926 080 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ....... 56,219 56,219 090 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............... 573,843 573,843 100 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 214,955 214,9 55 110 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ............................................................................. 37,620 37,620 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 2,606,078 2,606,278 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 120 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........... 11,027 11,027 130 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 16,749 16,749 140 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS .................................................................................................
.......... 17,825 17,825 150 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ .............. 6,177 6,177 160 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............. 54,475 54,475 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... 106,253 106,253 UNDISTRIBUTED 180 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –6,800 Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–6,800 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED.............................................................................................................. –6,800 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ......................................................................... 2,712,331 2,705,731 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ........................ 708,251 708,251 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ............ 197,251 197,251 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ............... 792,271 792,271 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ................... 80,341 80,341 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ....... 37,138 37,138 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ......................... 887,625 887,625 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .... 696,267 696,467 Defense Language Program ....................................................................................................... .............. [200 ] 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. .......... 61,240 61,240 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ....... 219,948 219,948 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............... 1,040,012 1,040,012 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 676,715 676,7 15 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ............................................................................. 1,021,1 44 1,021,144 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 6,418,203 6,418,403 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2623 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........... 6,396 6,396 140 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 68,528 71,052 National Guard State Partnership Program ....................................................................................... ...... [2,524 ] 150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .......... 76,524 76,524 160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ .............. 7,712 7,712 170 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............. 245,046 245,046 180 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... .............. 2,961 2,961 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... 407,167 409,691 UNDISTRIBUTED 190 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –29,000 Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–29,000 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED.............................................................................................................. –29,000 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ................................................................................. 6,825,370 6,799,094 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ .... 4,094,765 4,094,765 020 FLEET AIR TRAINING ......................................................................................................... ....................... 1,722,473 1,722,473 030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ....................................................................... 52,670  52,670 040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ...... 97,584 97,584 050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ .................... 446,733 446,733 060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ........... 1,007,681 1,007,681 070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... .... 38,248 38,248 080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ....................... 564,720 564,720 090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ....... 3,513,083 3,513,083 100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ...... 743,765 743,765 110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ................ 5,168,273 5,177,773 Ship Repair Capability in the Western Pacific .................................................................................. ........ [9,500 ] 120 SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .............................................................................................. ......... 1,575,578 1,575,578 130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... .............. 558,727 558,727 140 ELECTRONIC WARFARE ......................................................................................................... ................... 105,680 105,680 150 SPACE SYSTEMS AND SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................. ........ 180,406 180,406 160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ ....................... 470,032 470,032 170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY .......................................................................... 346,703 3 46,703 180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................ 1,158,688 1,158,688 190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... ............... 113,692 113,692 200 DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ............. 2,509 2,509 210 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS .................................................................................... 91, 019 91,019 220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ....................................................................... 74,780 74 ,780 230 CRUISE MISSILE ............................................................................................................. ........................... 106,030 106,030 240 FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE .................................................................................................... ................... 1,233,805 1,241,305 Engineering and Technical Services, Project 934 ................................................................................ ....... [7,500 ] 250 IN-SERVICE WEAPONS SYSTEMS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ..... 163,025 163,025 260 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ................. 553,269 551,469 Heavy Weight Torpedo Program Execution ......................................................................................... ..... [–1,500 ] Light Weight Torpedo Program Execution ......................................................................................... ...... [–300 ] 270 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ........ 350,010 350,010 280 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... ................ 790,685 790,685 290 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ........................................................................... 1,642,
742 1,642,742 300 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................ 4,206,136 4,206,136 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 31,173,511 31,188,711 MOBILIZATION 310 SHIP PREPOSITIONING AND SURGE .............................................................................................. ........... 893,517 893,517 320 READY RESERVE FORCE ........................................................................................................ ................... 274,524 274,524 330 AIRCRAFT ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ......................................................................................... ...... 6,727 6,727 340 SHIP ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ............................................................................................. ........... 288,154 288,154 350 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... . 95,720 95,720 360 INDUSTRIAL READINESS ....................................................................................................... .................... 2,109 2,109 370 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ................... 21,114 21,114 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION................................................................................................................. 1,581,865 1,581,865 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 380 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ..................... 143,815 143,815 390 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ........................ 8,519 8,519 400 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ............................................................................................ ......... 143,445 143,445 410 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ............... 699,214 699,214 420 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ......................... 5,310 5,310 430 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... . 172,852 174,052 Naval Sea Cadets ............................................................................................................... ..................... [1,200 ] 440 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ....................... 222,728 222,728 450 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............. 225,647 225,647 460 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ... 130,569 130,569 470 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ......... 73,730 73,730 480 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ ............................. 50,400 50,400 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .......................................................................................... 1,876,229 1,877,429 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 490 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 917,453 917,453 500 EXTERNAL RELATIONS ......................................................................................................... .................... 14,570 14,570 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2624 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
510 CIVILIAN MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ........................................................................ 124,070 1 24,070 520 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ....................................................................... 369,767 36 9,767 530 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............. 285,927 285,927 540 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .......... 319,908 319,908 570 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........... 171,659 171,659 590 PLANNING, ENGINEERING AND DESIGN ........................................................................................... ........ 270,863 270,863 600 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... 1,112,766 1,112,766 610 HULL, MECHANICAL AND ELECTRICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................. 49 ,078 49,078 620 COMBAT/WEAPONS SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... .............. 24,989 24,989 630 SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... . 72,966 72,966 640 NAVAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE ................................................................................................ ............. 595,711 595,711 700 INTERNATIONAL HEADQUARTERS AND AGENCIES ................................................................................. 4,8 09 4,809 730 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................... 517,440 517,440 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... 4,851,976 4,851,976 UNDISTRIBUTED 740 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –585,600 Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–390,500 ] Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... .............. [–26,400 ] Historical unobligated balances ................................................................................................ ............... [–174,100 ] Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction .................................................................................... ..... [5,400 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED.............................................................................................................. –585,600 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ................................................................................. 39,483,581 38,914,381 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... .................... 674,613 674,613 020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ .......................... 947,424 947,424 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... .................... 206,783 206,783 040 MARITIME PREPOSITIONING .................................................................................................... ................ 85,276 85,276 050 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................................... 632, 673 632,673 060 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................ 2,136,626 2,136,626 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 4,683,395 4,683,395 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 070 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ........................ 15,946 15,946 080 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ..................... 935 935 090 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ............... 99,305 99,305 100 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... . 45,495 45,995 MOS-to-Degree Program .......................................................................................................... ............... [500 ] 110 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ....................... 369,979 369,979 120 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............. 165,566 165,566 130 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ... 35,133 35,133 140 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ ............................. 23,622 23,622 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .......................................................................................... 755,981 756,481 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 150 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........... 34,534 34,534 160 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 355,932 355,932 180 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... 76,896 76,896 200 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................... 47,520 47,520 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ..........................................................................................
514,882 514,882 UNDISTRIBUTED 210 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –37,700 Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–4,900 ] Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... .............. [–1,500 ] Historical unobligated balances ................................................................................................ ............... [–33,100 ] Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction .................................................................................... ..... [1,800 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED.............................................................................................................. –37,700 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ................................................................ 5,954,258 5,917,058 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ .... 526,190 526,190 020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ............ 6,714 6,714 030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ........... 86,209 86,209 040 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... .... 389 389 050 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ....................... 10,189 10,189 070 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ...... 560 560 090 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... .............. 13,173 13,173 100 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................ 109,053 109,053 120 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... ................ 27,226 27,226 130 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ........................................................................... 27,571  27,571 140 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................ 99,166 99,166 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 906,440 906,440 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 150 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 1,351 1,351 160 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ....................................................................... 13,251 13, 251 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2625 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
170 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .......... 3,445 3,445 180 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... 3,169 3,169 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... 21,216 21,216 UNDISTRIBUTED 200 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –26,600 Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–26,600 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED.............................................................................................................. –26,600 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES .......................................................................... 927,656 901,056 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ...................... 94,154 94,154 020 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... .................... 18,594 18,594 030 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ........................................................................... 25,470  25,470 040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................ 111,550 111,550 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 249,768 249,768 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 050 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........... 902 902 060 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 11,130 11,130 070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............. 8,833 8,833 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... 20,865 20,865 UNDISTRIBUTED 090 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –800 Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–800 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED.............................................................................................................. –800 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ..................................................................... 270,633 269,833 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................ 3,294,124 3,294,124 020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. .......... 1,682,045 1,682,045 030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ........................................................................... 1, 730,757 1,730,757 040 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... .................... 7,042,988 6,986,488 Compass Call Program Restructure ............................................................................................... ........... [–56,500 ] 050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 1,657,019 1,6 57,019 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................... 2,787,216 2,787,216 070 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ........... 887,831 887,831 080 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ....... 1,070,178 1,070,178 100 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... ....................... 208,582 208,582 110 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ................. 362,250 362,250 120 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ....................................................................... 907,245 9 07,245 130 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS .................................................................................... 199 ,171 199,171 135 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................... 930,757 930,757 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 22,760,163 22,703,663 MOBILIZATION 140 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... ...................... 1,703,059 1,703,059 150 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. ............ 138,899 138,899 160 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... .................... 1,553,439 1,553,439 170 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 258,328 258,3 28 180 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................... 722,756 722,756 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION.................................................................................................................
4,376,481 4,376,481 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 190 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ..................... 120,886 120,886 200 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ........................ 23,782 23,782 210 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) ..................................................................................... ... 77,692 77,692 220 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 236,254 236,2 54 230 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................... 819,915 819,915 240 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ............... 387,446 387,446 250 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ......................... 725,134 725,134 260 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... . 264,213 264,213 270 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ....................... 86,681 86,681 280 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... .................... 305,004 305,004 290 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............. 104,754 104,754 300 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. .............................. 3,944 3,944 310 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ... 184,841 184,841 320 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ......... 173,583 173,583 330 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ ............................. 58,877 58,877 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .......................................................................................... 3,573,006 3,573,006 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 340 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... .................... 1,107,846 1,107,846 350 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ............ 924,185 924,185 360 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... .................... 48,778 48,778 370 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 321,013 321,0 13 380 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................... 1,115,910 1,115,910 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2626 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
390 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 811,650 811,650 400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .......... 269,809 269,809 410 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ............ 961,304 961,304 420 CIVIL AIR PATROL ........................................................................................................... ......................... 25,735 30,500 Civil Air Patrol O&M Support ................................................................................................... .............. [4,765 ] 450 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ................. 90,573 90,573 460 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................... 1,131,603 1,131,603 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... 6,808,406 6,813,171 UNDISTRIBUTED 470 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –765,900 Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–368,000 ] Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... .............. [–116,700 ] Historical unobligated balances ................................................................................................ ............... [–288,000 ] Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction .................................................................................... ..... [6,800 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED.............................................................................................................. –765,900 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ........................................................................ 37,518,056 36,700,421 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................ 1,707,882 1,707,882 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............. 230,016 230,016 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... .................... 541,743 541,743 040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 113,470 113,4 70 050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................... 384,832 384,832 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 2,977,943 2,977,943 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 060 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 54,939 54,939 070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............. 14,754 14,754 080 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERS MGMT (ARPC) .................................................................................... 1 2,707 12,707 090 OTHER PERS SUPPORT (DISABILITY COMP) ....................................................................................... .... 7,210 7,210 100 AUDIOVISUAL ................................................................................................................ ............................ 376 376 SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ....................................................... 89,986 89,986 UNDISTRIBUTED 110 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –59,700 Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–59,700 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED.............................................................................................................. –59,700 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ..................................................................... 3,067,929 3,008,229 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG OPERATING FORCES 010 AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................................ ................... 3,282,238 3,282,238 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............. 723,062 723,062 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... .................... 1,824,329 1,824,329 040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................... 245,840 245,8 40 050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................... 575,548 575,548 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 6,651,017 6,651,017 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES 060 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................ 23,715 26,239 National Guard State Partnership Program ....................................................................................... ...... [2,524 ] 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............. 28,846 28,846 SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES ...................................................... 52,561 55,085 UNDISTRIBUTED 080 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –117,700 Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–117,700 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED.............................................................................................................. –117,700 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ................................................................................... 6,703,578 6,588,402 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE OPERATING FORCES 010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ..................... 506,113 506,113 020 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ..... 524,439 519,439 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–5,000 ] 030 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ......................................................................... 4,898,1 59 4,898,159 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................ 5,928,711 5,923,711 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 040 DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY ............................................................................................. .......... 138,658 138,658 050 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ..................... 85,701 85,701 070 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................ 365,349 365,3 49 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .......................................................................................... 589,708 589,708 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 080 CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... ................ 160,480 180,480 STARBASE ....................................................................................................................... ..................... [20,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2627 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
100 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ........ 630,925 630,925 110 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................................................... 1,356,380 1,356,380 120 DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY ........................................................................................... ..... 683,620 683,620 130 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... .. 1,439,891 1,439,891 150 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. .......... 24,984 24,984 160 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY ................................................................................................... ............... 357,964 357,964 170 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... ................. 223,422 213,422 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–10,000 ] 180 DEFENSE PERSONNEL ACCOUNTING AGENCY ........................................................................................ . 112,681 112,681 190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ .. 496,754 496,754 200 DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE ................................................................................................... ................ 538,711 538,711 230 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY SECURITY ADMINISTRATION ........................................................................... 35,417  35,417 240 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ..... 448,146 448,146 260 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ............................................................................... 2,67 1,143 2,701,143 Impact Aid ..................................................................................................................... ........................ [30,000 ] 270 MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY ..................................................................................................... ................. 446,975 446,975 290 OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT .............................................................................................. ........ 155,399 155,399 300 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ..... 1,481,643 1,406,713 Alcohol Abuse Prevention Program ............................................................................................... ........... [1,000 ] BRAC 2017 Round Planning and Analyses .......................................................................................... ..... [–3,530 ] CWMD Sustainment: Constellation program reduction ............................................................................. [ –3,800 ] Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–84,428 ] Readiness environmental protection initiative .................................................................................. ........ [15,828 ] 310 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/ADMIN & SVC-WIDE ACTIVITIES ...................................................... 89,429 70,829 SOCOM MH–60 Block Upgrades / MH–60M Replacement .......................................................................... [–18,6 00 ] 320 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... .... 629,874 619,874 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................... [–10,000 ] 330 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .................... 14,069,333 14,071,333 Classified adjustment .......................................................................................................... .................... [2,000 ] SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ....................................................... 26,053,171 25,991,641 UNDISTRIBUTED 340 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ......................... –293,900 Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ............... [–17,800 ] Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... .............. [–34,300 ] Historical unobligated balances ................................................................................................ ............... [–248,100 ] Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction .................................................................................... ..... [6,300 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED.............................................................................................................. –293,900 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ................................................................. 32,571,590 32,211,160 MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 010 US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEFENSE ............................................................... 14,194 14,1 94 020 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER AND CIVIC AID ......................................................................... 105,1 25 105,125 030 COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ............................................................................................... ........ 325,604 325,604 050 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ............................................................................................ ..... 170,167 170,167 060 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ............................................................................................
..... 281,762 281,762 070 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ....................................................................................... . 371,521 371,521 080 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ......................................................................................... .. 9,009 9,009 090 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES .................................................................... 197,084 19 7,084 SUBTOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS .............................................................................. 1,474,466 1,474,466 TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS .................................................................................. 1,474,466 1,474,466 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................ 171,318,488 169,325,271 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS. 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ............................... 406,852 396,052 Army requested realignment (ERI) ............................................................................................... .................. [–10,800 ] 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .......................... 1,643,456 1,713,556 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [70,100 ] 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. .............. 556,066 156,366 Army requested realignment (ERI) ............................................................................................... .................. [–132,000 ] Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [67,200 ] Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ............. [–334,900 ] 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ................................ 58,620 90,120 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [31,500 ] 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .......... 1,502,845 1,676,345 Army requested realignment (ERI) ............................................................................................... .................. [–2,000 ] Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [175,500 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2628 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ................ 348,174 358,174 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [10,000 ] 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ...................... 40,000 25,000 Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ............. [–15,000 ] 140 ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .......................... 5,979,678 7,060,278 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [1,093,200 ] Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ............. [–12,600 ] 150 COMMANDERS EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROGRAM ...................................................................................... . 5,000 5,000 160 RESET ...................................................................................................................... .......................................... 1,092,542 1,092,542 170 COMBATANT COMMANDS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT .................................................................................. 79,568 79,568 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 11,712,801 12,653,001 MOBILIZATION 190 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. ................... 350,200 130,000 Army requested realignment (ERI) ............................................................................................... .................. [–220,200 ] SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION........................................................................................................................ 350,200 130,000 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 350 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 540,400 559,500 Army requested realignment (ERI) ............................................................................................... .................. [120,000 ] Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [203,100 ] Realign APS Unit Set Requirements to Base ...................................................................................... ............. [–304,000 ] 380 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... .................... 13,974 49,074 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [35,100 ] 420 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ..................... 105,508 105,508 450 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ..................... 165,678 263,178 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [97,500 ] 530 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 835,551 849,851 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [14,300 ] SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................. 1,661,111 1,827,111 UNDISTRIBUTED 540 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –6,083,330 Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–138,600 ] Historical unobligated balances ................................................................................................ ...................... [–188,500 ] Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ... [–5,756,230 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... –6,083,330 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ........................................................................................ 13,724,112 8,526,782 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES OPERATING FORCES 020 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 6,252 9,252 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [3,000 ] 040 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. .............. 2,075 3,075 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [1,000 ] 060 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .......... 1,140 1,440 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan ..........................................................
.. [300 ] 090 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ...................... 14,653 15,153 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [500 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 24,120 28,920 UNDISTRIBUTED 180 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –11,394 Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ... [–11,394 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... –11,394 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ................................................................................ 24,120 17,526 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ............................... 10,564 16,564 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [6,000 ] 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ................... 748 748 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 5,751 7,451 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [1,700 ] 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .......................... 200 200 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ................................ 27,183 30,983 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [3,800 ] 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .......... 2,741 2,741 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ...................... 18,800 18,800 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ................................................................................... 9 20 920 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 66,907 78,407 UNDISTRIBUTED 190 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –30,892 Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ... [–30,892 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... –30,892 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ........................................................................................ 66,907 47,515 AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2629 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
MINISTRY OF DEFENSE 010 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ .................................. 2,173,341 2,173,341 020 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. .............................. 48,262 48,262 030 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... ............... 76,216 176,047 Maintain security forces at fiscal year 2016 levels ............................................................................ ................ [99,831 ] 040 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ....................... 220,139 281,555 Maintain security forces at fiscal year 2016 levels ............................................................................ ................ [61,416 ] SUBTOTAL MINISTRY OF DEFENSE .......................................................................................................... 2,517,958 2,679,205 MINISTRY OF INTERIOR 050 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ .................................. 860,441 880,300 Maintain security forces at fiscal year 2016 levels ............................................................................ ................ [19,859 ] 060 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. .............................. 20,837 20,837 070 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... ............... 8,153 116,573 Maintain security forces at fiscal year 2016 levels ............................................................................ ................ [108,420 ] 080 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ....................... 41,326 65,342 Maintain security forces at fiscal year 2016 levels ............................................................................ ................ [24,016 ] SUBTOTAL MINISTRY OF INTERIOR ......................................................................................................... 930,757 1,083,052 UNDISTRIBUTED 110 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –1,482,289 Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ... [–1,482,289 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... –1,482,289 TOTAL AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND ................................................................................. 3,448,715 2,279,968 IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 010 IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .................................................................................................. ...................... 630,000 680,000 Support to Kurdish and Sunni tribal security forces for operations in Mosul, Iraq ............................................ [5 0,000 ] SUBTOTAL IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .............................................................................................. 630,000 680,000 UNDISTRIBUTED 020 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –267,913 Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ... [–267,913 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... –267,913 TOTAL IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .................................................................................................. 630,000 412,087 SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 010 SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ................................................................................................. ..................... 250,000 250,000 SUBTOTAL SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ............................................................................................. 250,000 250,000 UNDISTRIBUTED 020 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –98,497 Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ... [–98,497 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... –98,497 TOTAL SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ................................................................................................. 250,000 151,503 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ........... 360,621 360,621 040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ............ 4,603 4,603 050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ........................... 159,049 159,049 060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE .................................................................................................
.................. 113,994 113,994 070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ........... 1,840 1,840 080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... .............................. 35,529 35,529 090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ............. 1,073,080 1,073,080 100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ............. 17,306 17,306 110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ....................... 2,128,431 2,128,431 130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... ..................... 21,257 21,257 160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ .............................. 22,603 22,603 170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ................................................................................. 22 ,934 22,934 180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ....................... 568,511 568,511 190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... ...................... 11,358 11,358 250 IN-SERVICE WEAPONS SYSTEMS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ........... 61,000 61,000 260 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ........................ 289,045 289,045 270 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ............... 8,000 8,000 290 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. . 7,819 7,819 300 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ....................... 61,493 61,493 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 4,968,473 4,968,473 MOBILIZATION 330 AIRCRAFT ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ......................................................................................... ............. 1,530 1,530 350 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ....... 5,307 5,307 370 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ......................... 162,692 162,692 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION........................................................................................................................ 169,529 169,529 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 410 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ...................... 43,365 43,365 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2630 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 43,365 43,365 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 490 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................... 3,764 3,764 500 EXTERNAL RELATIONS ......................................................................................................... ........................... 515 515 520 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ............................................................................. 5,40 9 5,409 530 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ..................... 1,578 1,578 570 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 126,700 126,700 600 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... ....... 9,261 9,261 640 NAVAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE ................................................................................................ .................... 1,501 1,501 730 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 15,780 15,780 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 164,508 164,508 UNDISTRIBUTED 740 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –2,226,518 Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–120,300 ] Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ... [–2,106,218 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... –2,226,518 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ........................................................................................ 5,345,875 3,119,357 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... ........................... 403,489 469,789 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [66,300 ] 020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ ................................. 266,094 266,094 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 147,000 147,000 060 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ....................... 18,576 18,576 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 835,159 901,459 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 110 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .............................. 31,750 31,750 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 31,750 31,750 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 150 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 73,800 89,800 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [16,000 ] 200 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 3,650 3,650 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 77,450 93,450 UNDISTRIBUTED 210 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –413,593 Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–9,100 ] Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ... [–404,493 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... –413,593 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ....................................................................... 944,359 613,066 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES OPERATING FORCES 030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. .................. 16,500 16,500 050 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... .............................. 2,522 2,522 100 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ....................... 7,243 7,243 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 26,265 26,265 UNDISTRIBUTED 200 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –10,448 Excessive standard price for fuel ..............................................................................................
...................... [–100 ] Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ... [–10,348 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... –10,448 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ................................................................................ 26,265 15,817 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ............................. 2,500 2,500 040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ....................... 804 804 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 3,304 3,304 UNDISTRIBUTED 090 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –1,302 Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ... [–1,302 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... –1,302 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ........................................................................... 3,304 2,002 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ...................... 1,339,461 1,370,361 Enahncing readiness levels of DCA aircraft ..................................................................................... ............... [10,000 ] Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [20,900 ] 020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. ................. 1,096,021 1,116,921 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2631 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [20,900 ] 030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. ..... 152,278 152,278 040 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 1,061,506 1,087,106 Compass Call Program Restructure ............................................................................................... .................. [25,600 ] 050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 56,700  56,700 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .................................. 941,714 941,714 070 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... .................. 30,219 30,219 080 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. .............. 207,696 217,696 Promoting additional DCA burden sharing ........................................................................................ ............. [5,000 ] Supporting DCA dispersal CONOP development ..................................................................................... ......... [5,000 ] 100 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... .............................. 869 869 110 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ........................ 5,008 5,008 120 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT .............................................................................. 10 0,081 100,081 135 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 79,893 79,893 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 5,071,446 5,158,846 MOBILIZATION 140 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... ............................. 2,774,729 2,872,429 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [97,700 ] 150 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. ................... 108,163 108,163 160 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 891,102 891,102 180 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .................................. 3,686 3,686 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION........................................................................................................................ 3,777,680 3,875,380 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 230 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .................................. 52,740 52,740 240 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ...................... 4,500 4,500 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 57,240 57,240 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 340 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... ........................... 86,716 86,716 380 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .................................. 59,133 59,133 400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 165,348 165,348 410 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ................... 141,883 141,883 450 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ........................ 61 61 460 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 15,323 15,323 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 468,464 468,464 UNDISTRIBUTED 470 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –3,868,111 Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–101,600 ] Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ... [–3,766,511 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... –3,868,111 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ............................................................................... 9,374,830 5,691,819 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 51,086 51,086 050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .................................. 6,500 6,500 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 57,586 57,586 UNDISTRIBUTED 110 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –22,788 
Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–100 ] Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ... [–22,688 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... –22,788 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ............................................................................ 57,586 34,798 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG OPERATING FORCES 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ................... 3,400 3,400 050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .................................. 16,600 16,600 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 20,000 20,000 UNDISTRIBUTED 080 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –7,880 Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ... [–7,880 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... –7,880 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG .......................................................................................... 20,000 12,120 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE OPERATING FORCES 010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ............................ 10,000 Enhancing exercise of DCA aircraft ............................................................................................. .................. [10,000 ] 030 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................... 2 ,636,307 2,805,907 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [169,600 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 2,636,307 2,815,907 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2632 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
100 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ............... 13,436 13,436 110 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................................................... ...... 13,564 13,564 130 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... ......... 32,879 32,879 150 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. ................. 111,986 111,986 170 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... ........................ 13,317 13,317 190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ ......... 1,412,000 1,412,000 260 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ................................................................................... ... 67,000 67,000 300 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ............ 31,106 31,106 320 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... .......... 3,137 3,137 330 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 1,609,397 1,610,397 Operational support for deployed end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .......................................................... .. [1,000 ] SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES .............................................................. 3,307,822 3,308,822 UNDISTRIBUTED 340 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ –2,419,878 Excessive standard price for fuel .............................................................................................. ...................... [–6,800 ] Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ... [–2,413,078 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... –2,419,878 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ....................................................................... 5,944,129 3,704,851 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... 39,860,202 24,629,211 
SEC. 4303. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS. 
SEC. 4303. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ............................... 317,093 367,093 Army unfunded requirement—Improve training from BN+ to BCT- .................................................................. [5 0,000 ] 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ................... 5,904 5,904 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 38,614 38,614 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .......................... 8,361 8,361 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. .............. 279,072 279,072 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ................................ 106,424 206,924 Army unfunded requirement—Meet air readiness targets ........................................................................... ...... [68,000 ] Increase to support ARI—Eleventh CAB ........................................................................................... .............. [32,500 ] 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .......... 253,533 253,533 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. .............. 350,000 350,000 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ...................... 22,100 Increase to support ARI—Eleventh CAB ........................................................................................... .............. [22,100 ] 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 922,00 0 Increase Restoration & Modernization funding ................................................................................... ............ [494,900 ] Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [427,100 ] 140 ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .......................... 11,200 11,200 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 1,370,201 2,464,801 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 250 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ...................... 3,565 3,565 260 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ................................ 42,934 Army unfunded requirement—Ensure AVN restructure initiative execution ...................................................... [5,4 05 ] Army unfunded requirement—Increase student workload for additional warrant officers .................................. [31,125 ] Army unfunded requirement—Train full ARPINT load of 990 ........................................................................ .. [6,404 ] 270 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ........ 9,021 40,621 Military Training and PME ...................................................................................................... ..................... [31,600 ] 280 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... .............................. 2,434 2,434 290 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .................... 356,500 Recruiting and Advertising Add ................................................................................................. .................... [356,500 ] 320 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ................ 1,254 1,254 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 16,274 447,308 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 350 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .................. 200,000 265,000 Army unfunded requirement—Restore cricital shortfalls .......................................................................... ........ [65,000 ] SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................. 200,000 265,000 UNDISTRIBUTED 540 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ 704,300 Additional funding to support increase in Army end strength .................................................................... ...... [704,300 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... 704,300 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ........................................................................................ 1,586,475 3,881,409 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES OPERATING FORCES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2633 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4303. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
010 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ................... 708 708 020 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 8,570 28,570 Army unfunded requirement—Improve training from PLT to CO proficiency .................................................... [20,00 0 ] 030 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .......................... 375 375 040 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. .............. 13 13 050 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ................................ 608 608 060 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .......... 4,285 4,285 100 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 97,500  Increase Restoration & Modernization funding ................................................................................... ............ [57,100 ] Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [40,400 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 14,559 132,059 UNDISTRIBUTED 180 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ 103,400 Additional funding to support increase in Army Reserve end strength ............................................................ .. [103,400 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... 103,400 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ................................................................................ 14,559 235,459 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ............................... 5,585 5,585 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 28,956 28,956 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .......................... 10,272 10,272 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ................................ 5,621 51,621 Increase to support ARI ........................................................................................................ ......................... [46,000 ] 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .......... 9,694 9,694 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 121,00 0 Increase Restoration & Modernization funding ................................................................................... ............ [16,800 ] Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [104,200 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 60,128 227,128 UNDISTRIBUTED 190 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ................................ 159,100 Additional funding to support increase in Army National Guard end strength .................................................. [15 9,100 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... 159,100 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ........................................................................................ 60,128 386,228 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ........... 500,000 556,520 Carrier Air Wing Restoration ................................................................................................... ...................... [56,520 ] 020 FLEET AIR TRAINING ......................................................................................................... .............................. 23,020 Carrier Air Wing Restoration ................................................................................................... ...................... [23,020 ] 050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ........................... 6,500 Marine Corps unfunded requirement—accelerate readiness - H–1 ................................................................... .. [5,300 ] Marine Corps unfunded requirement—accelerate readiness - MV–22B .............................................................. [1 ,200 ] 060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. .................. 36,000 Carrier Air Wing Restoration ................................................................................................... ...................... [6,000 ] 
Navy unfunded requirement—Improve Afloat Readiness ............................................................................. ..... [30,000 ] 080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... .............................. 33,500 Marine Corps unfunded requirement—accelerate readiness - KC–130J .............................................................. [ 6,800 ] Marine Corps unfunded requirement—accelerate readiness - MV–22B .............................................................. [1 0,700 ] Navy unfunded requirement—Improve Afloat Readiness ............................................................................. ..... [16,000 ] 090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ............. 348,200 Cruiser Modernization .......................................................................................................... ......................... [90,200 ] Navy unfunded requirement—Improve Afloat Readiness ............................................................................. ..... [158,000 ] Navy unfunded requirement—Restore 3 CG Deployments ............................................................................. .... [41,000 ] Navy unfunded requirement—Reverse PONCE (LPD–15) Inactivation .............................................................. [59, 000 ] 100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ............. 19,700 Navy unfunded requirement—Restore Fleet Training ............................................................................... ....... [19,700 ] 110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ....................... 775,000 1,084,100 Cruiser Modernization .......................................................................................................... ......................... [71,100 ] Navy unfunded requirement—Ship Depot Wholeness ................................................................................. ...... [238,000 ] 120 SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .............................................................................................. ................ 79,000 Navy unfunded requirement—Increase Alfoat Readiness ............................................................................ ..... [79,000 ] 290 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. . 19,270 408,470 Increase Restoration & Modernization funding ................................................................................... ............ [113,600 ] Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [275,600 ] 300 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ....................... 158,032 158,032 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 1,452,302 2,753,042 MOBILIZATION 350 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ....... 3,597 3,597 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION........................................................................................................................ 3,597 3,597 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 540 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................. 25,617 25,617 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 25,617 25,617 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ........................................................................................ 1,481,516 2,782,256 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2634 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4303. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... ........................... 300,000 322,000 Marine Corps unfunded requirement- enhanced combat helmets ..................................................................... . [22,000 ] 020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ ................................. 21,450 Marine Corps unfunded requirement- rifle combat optic modernization ............................................................ [13,200 ] Marine Corps unfunded requirement- SPMAGTF—C4 UUNS ........................................................................... [8 ,250 ] 050 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ................................................................................... ... 145,600 Increase Restoration & Modernization funding ................................................................................... ............ [31,400 ] Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [114,200 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 300,000 489,050 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ....................................................................... 300,000 489,050 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES OPERATING FORCES 030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. .................. 4,000 Navy unfunded requirement—Improve Afloat Readiness ............................................................................. ..... [4,000 ] 070 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ............. 300 Navy unfunded requirement—Restore Fleet Training ............................................................................... ....... [300 ] 130 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. . 7,800 Increase Restoration & Modernization funding ................................................................................... ............ [2,100 ] Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [5,700 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 12,100 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ................................................................................ 12,100 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 030 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. . 7,700 Increase Restoration & Modernization funding ................................................................................... ............ [4,300 ] Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [3,400 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 7,700 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ........................................................................... 7,700 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE OPERATING FORCES 040 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 124,000 447,576 Air Force unfunded requirement—Weapons System Sustainment ..................................................................... [ 323,576 ] 050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 407,90 0 Increase Restoration & Modernization funding ................................................................................... ............ [142,900 ] Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [265,000 ] 070 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... .................. 40,000 Air Force unfunded requirement—Ground Based Radars ............................................................................. .... [40,000 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 124,000 895,476 MOBILIZATION 160 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 66,424 Air Force unfunded requirement—Weapons System Sustainment ..................................................................... [ 66,424 ] 170 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 63,600
 Increase Restoration & Modernization funding ................................................................................... ............ [22,300 ] Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [41,300 ] SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION........................................................................................................................ 130,024 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 220 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 58,200  Increase Restoration & Modernization funding ................................................................................... ............ [20,400 ] Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [37,800 ] SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ................................................................................................. 58,200 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 370 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 79,000  Increase Restoration & Modernization funding ................................................................................... ............ [27,700 ] Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [51,300 ] SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 79,000 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ............................................................................... 124,000 1,162,700 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 20,500  Increase Restoration & Modernization funding ................................................................................... ............ [7,100 ] Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [13,400 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 20,500 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ............................................................................ 20,500 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG OPERATING FORCES 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................... 40,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2635 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4303. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
Air Force unfunded requirement—Weapons System Sustainment ..................................................................... [ 40,000 ] 040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .................................................................. 64,500  Increase Restoration & Modernization funding ................................................................................... ............ [18,900 ] Restore Sustainment shortfalls ................................................................................................. ...................... [45,600 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 104,500 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES 070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .................... 67,000 Air Force unfunded requirement ................................................................................................. ................... [67,000 ] SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................. 67,000 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG .......................................................................................... 171,500 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE OPERATING FORCES 030 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................... 1 4,344 14,344 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 14,344 14,344 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 130 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... ......... 14,700 14,700 330 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 9,000 9,000 SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES .............................................................. 23,700 23,700 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ....................................................................... 38,044 38,044 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... 3,604,722 9,186,946 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
Military Personnel Appropriations ............................................................................................................................. 128,902,332 128,482,914 Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... ...................... [–200,400 ] Historical unobligated balances ................................................................................................ ....................... [–248,700 ] National Guard State Partnership Program, Air Force, Special Training .......................................................... . [841 ] National Guard State Partnership Program, Army, Special Training ............................................................... .. [841 ] Prohibition on Per Diem Allowance Reduction .................................................................................... ............. [28,000 ] Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Fund Contributions ................................................................................................ 6,366,908 6,366,908 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
Military Personnel Appropriations ............................................................................................................................... .3,499,293 2,199,572 Maintain end strength of 9,800 in Afghanistan .................................................................................. .................. [130,300 ] Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ........ [–1,430,021 ] 
SEC. 4403. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS. 
SEC. 4403. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS. (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
Military Personnel Appropriations .............................................................................................. ..................................... 62,965 2,572,715 Fund active Air Force end strength to 321k ..................................................................................... .................... [145,000 ] Fund active Army end strength to 480k .......................................................................................... ..................... [1,123,500 ] Fund active Marine Corps end strengthto 185k ................................................................................... ................. [300,000 ] Fund active Navy end strength .................................................................................................. ......................... [65,300 ] Fund Army National Guard end strength to 350k .................................................................................. ............... [303,700 ] Fund Army Reserves end strength to 205k ........................................................................................ ................... [166,650 ] Marine Corps—Bonus Pay/PCS Resotral/Foreign Language Bonus ..................................................................... .. [75,600 ] Military Personnel Pay Raise ................................................................................................... .......................... [330,000 ] Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Fund Contributions ............................................................................ ........................... 49,900 Increase associated with additional end strength ............................................................................... .................. [49,900 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2636 May 17, 2016 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS. 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY INDUSTRIAL OPERATIONS SUPPLY MANAGEMENT—ARMY ......................................................................................................... ......................... 56,469 56,469 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY .............................................................................................................. 56,469 56,469 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE FUEL COSTS SUPPLIES AND MATERIALS ......................................................................................................... ................................ 63,967 63,967 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ..................................................................................................... 63,967 63,967 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ENERGY MANAGEMENT—DEF SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT—DEF .................................................................................................... ...................... 37,132 37,132 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................. 37,132 37,132 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA ..................................................................................................... ........................... 1,214,045 1,214,045 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA .............................................................................................................. 1,214,045 1,214,045 NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND POST DELIVERY AND OUTFITTING NATIONAL DEF SEALIFT VESSEL .................................................................................................... ............................ 85,000 National Security Multi-Mission Vehicle ........................................................................................ ..................... [85,000 ] TOTAL NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND ....................................................................................................... 85,000 NATIONAL SEA-BASED DETERRENCE FUND DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................................... ........................................ 773,138 Realignment of funds to the National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund ................................................................. ...... [773,138 ] TOTAL NATIONAL SEA-BASED DETERRENCE FUND ........................................................................................... 773,138 CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ............................. 147,282 147,282 RDT&E .......................................................................................................................... ................................................ 388,609 388,609 PROCUREMENT .................................................................................................................... ........................................ 15,132 15,132 TOTAL CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION ......................................................................................... 551,023 551,023 DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE ........................................................................ 7 30,087 760,087 SOUTHCOM Operational Support ................................................................................................... ................... [30,000 ] DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ................... 114,713 114,713 TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ............................................................................ 844,800 874,800 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... .......................... 318,882 318,882 RDT&E .......................................................................................................................... ................................................ 3,153 3,153 TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL .................................................................................................... 322,035 322,035 DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM OPERATION & MAINTENANCE IN-HOUSE CARE .................................................................................................................. ......................................... 9,240,160 9,240,160 PRIVATE SECTOR CARE ............................................................................................................ ................................... 15,738,759 15,738,759 CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ........................ 2,367,759 2,367,759 INFORMATION MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................................... ........................... 1,743,749 1,743,749 MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................................... ............................... 311,380 311,380 EDUCATION AND TRAINING ......................................................................................................... ............................... 743,231 743,231 BASE OPERATIONS/COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ..................... 2,086,352 2,086,352 SUBTOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................... 32,231,390 32,231,390 RDT&E RESEARCH ....................................................................................................................... ............................................. 9,097 9,097 EXPLORATRY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................................................... ........................... 58,517 58,517 ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................................... ............................. 221,226 221,226 DEMONSTRATION/VALIDATION ....................................................................................................... ........................... 96,602 96,602 ENGINEERING DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................ 364,057 364,057 MANAGEMENT AND SUPPORT .........................................................................................................
............................ 58,410 58,410 CAPABILITIES ENHANCEMENT ....................................................................................................... ............................ 14,998 14,998 SUBTOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... ..................822,907 822,907 PROCUREMENT INITIAL OUTFITTING ............................................................................................................. ...................................... 20,611 20,611 REPLACEMENT & MODERNIZATION .................................................................................................... ....................... 360,727 360,727 JOINT OPERATIONAL MEDICINE INFORMATION SYSTEM .................................................................................. ...... 2,413 2,413 DOD HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM MODERNIZATION ................................................................................ 2 9,468 29,468 SUBTOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... ....413,219 413,219 UNDISTRIBUTED .................................................................................................................. ........................................ –419,500 Foreign Currency adjustments ................................................................................................... ......................... [–20,400 ] Historical unobligated balances ................................................................................................ .......................... [–399,100 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED............................................................................................................................... .–419,500 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2637 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2017 Request House Authorized 
TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM ................................................................................................................... 33,467,516 33,048,016 TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS ........................................................................................................................ 36,556,987 37,025,625 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2017 Request House Author-ized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY INDUSTRIAL OPERATIONS SUPPLY MANAGEMENT—ARMY ......................................................................................................... ............................ 46,833 46,833 UNDISTRIBUTED .................................................................................................................. ........................................... –18,452 Reduction to sustain minimal readiness levels .................................................................................. ....................... [–18,452 ] TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY ................................................................................................................. 46,833 28,381 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT—DEF DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY (DLA) ................................................................................................. ............................ 93,800 93,800 UNDISTRIBUTED .................................................................................................................. ........................................... –36,956 Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ........... [–36,956 ] TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ................................................................................................ 93,800 56,844 DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE ......................................................................... .. 191,533 191,533 TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ............................................................................... 191,533 191,533 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... ............................. 22,062 22,062 TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ....................................................................................................... 22,062 22,062 DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM OPERATION & MAINTENANCE IN-HOUSE CARE .................................................................................................................. ............................................ 95,366 95,366 PRIVATE SECTOR CARE ............................................................................................................ ...................................... 233,073 233,073 CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ........................... 3,325 3,325 SUBTOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................................. 331,764 331,764 UNDISTRIBUTED UNDISTRIBUTED .................................................................................................................. ........................................... –130,711 Prorated OCO allocation in support of base readiness requirements .............................................................. ........... [–130,711 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED............................................................................................................................... ....–130,711 TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM ...................................................................................................................... 331,764 201,053 UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE .................................................................................................... .............................. 150,000 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ................................... [150,000 ] TOTAL UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE ............................................................................................................... 150,000 COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND ............................................................................................. .................. 1,000,000 750,000 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ................................... [–250,000 ] TOTAL COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND ............................................................................................ 1,000,000 750,000 TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS ........................................................................................................................... 1,685,992 1,399,873 
SEC. 4503. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS. 
SEC. 4503. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2017 Request House Author-ized 
DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE ......................................................................... .. 23,800 23,800 TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ............................................................................... 23,800 23,800 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2638 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4503. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2017 Request House Author-ized 
TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS ........................................................................................................................... 23,800 23,800 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION. 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2017 Request House Agreement 
Alaska Army Fort Wainwright Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Hangar ..................................................... 47,000 47,000 California Army Concord Access Control Point ........................................................................ 12,600 12,600 Colorado Army Fort Carson Automated Infantry Platoon Battle Course ....................................... 8,100 8,100 Army Fort Carson Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Hangar ..................................................... 5,000 5,000 Georgia Army Fort Gordon Access Control Point ........................................................................ 0 29,000 Army Fort Gordon Company Operations Facility ........................................................... 0 10,600 Army Fort Gordon CYBER Protection Team Ops Facility ............................................... 90,000 90,000 Army Fort Stewart Automated Qualification/Training Range .......................................... 14,800 14,800 Germany Army East Camp Grafenwoehr Training Support Center .................................................................. 22,000 22,0 00 Army Garmisch Dining Facility ................................................................................ 9,600 9,600 Army Wiesbaden Army Airfield Controlled Humidity Warehouse ....................................................... 16,500 16,500 Army Wiesbaden Army Airfield Hazardous Material Storage Building ............................................... 2,700 2,700 Guantanamo Bay, Cuba Army Guantanamo Bay Guantanamo Bay Naval Station Migration Complex .......................... 33,000 33,000 Hawaii Army Fort Shafter Command and Control Facility, Incr 2 .............................................. 40,000 40,000 Missouri Army Fort Leonard Wood Fire Station ..................................................................................... 0 6,900  Texas Army Fort Hood Automated Infantry Platoon Battle Course ....................................... 7,600 7,600 Utah Army Camp Williams Live Fire Exercise Shoothouse ........................................................... 7,400 7,400 Virginia Army Fort Belvoir Secure Admin/Operations Facility, Incr 2 .......................................... 64,000 64,000 Army Fort Belvoir Vehicle Maintenance Shop ............................................................... 0 23,000 Worldwide Unspecified Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Host Nation Support FY17 ................................................................ 18,000 18,000 Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Minor Construction FY17 ................................................................. 25,000 25,000 Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Planning and Design FY17 ............................................................... 80,159 80,159 .Military Construction, Army Total 503,459 572,959 Arizona Navy Yuma VMX–22 Maintenance Hangar .......................................................... 48,355 48,355 California Navy Coronado Coastal Campus Entry Control Point ................................................ 13,044 13,044 Navy Coronado Coastal Campus Utilities Infrastructure ............................................ 81,104 81,104 Navy Coronado Grace Hopper Data Center Power Upgrades ...................................... 10,353 10,353 Navy Lemoore F–35C Engine Repair Facility ........................................................... 26,723 26,723 Navy Miramar Aircraft Maintenance Hangar, Incr 1 ................................................ 0 79,399 Navy Miramar Communications Complex & Infrastructure Upgrade .......................... 0 34,700 Navy Miramar F–35 Aircraft Parking Apron ............................................................ 0 40,000 Navy San Diego Energy Security Hospital Microgrid .................................................. 6,183 0 Navy Seal Beach Missile Magazines ............................................................................ 21,007 21,007 Florida Navy Eglin AFB WMD Field Training Facilities ......................................................... 20,489 20,489 Navy Mayport Advanced Wastewater Treatment Plant ............................................. 0 66,000 Navy Pensacola A-School Dormitory .......................................................................... 0 53,000 Guam Navy Joint Region Marianas Hardening of Guam POL Infrastructure ............................................ 26,975 26,975 Navy Joint Region Marianas Power Upgrade—Harmon ................................................................. 62,210 62,210 Hawaii Navy Barking Sands Upgrade Power Plant & Electrical Distrib Sys ................................... 43,384 43,384 Navy Kaneohe Bay Regimental Consolidated Comm/Elec Facility ..................................... 72,565 72,565 Japan Navy Kadena AB Aircraft Maintenance Complex ......................................................... 26,489 26,489 Navy Sasebo Shore Power (Juliet Pier) .................................................................. 16,420 16,420 Maine Navy Kittery Unaccompanied Housing .................................................................. 17,773 17,773 Navy Kittery Utility Improvements for Nuclear Platforms ....................................... 30,119 30,119 Maryland Navy Patuxent River UCLASS RDT&E Hangar ................................................................. 40,576 40,576 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2639 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2017 Request House Agreement 
Nevada Navy Fallon Air Wing Simulator Facility .............................................................. 13,523 13,523 North Carolina Navy Camp Lejeune Range Facilities Safety Improvements ............................................... 18,482 18,482 Navy Cherry Point Central Heating Plant Conversion ..................................................... 12,515 12,515 South Carolina Navy Beaufort Aircraft Maintenance Hangar ........................................................... 83,490 83,490 Navy Parris Island Recruit Reconditioning Center & Barracks ........................................ 29,882 29,882 Spain Navy Rota Communication Station .................................................................... 23,607 23,607 Virginia Navy Norfolk Chambers Field Magazine Recap PH I ............................................... 0 27,000 Washington Navy Bangor SEAWOLF Class Service Pier ............................................................ 0 73,000 Navy Bangor Service Pier Electrical Upgrades ........................................................ 18,939 18,939 Navy Bangor Submarine Refit Maint Support Facility ............................................ 21,476 21,476 Navy Bremerton Nuclear Repair Facility .................................................................... 6,704 6,704 Navy Whidbey Island EA–18G Maintenance Hangar ........................................................... 45,501 45,501 Navy Whidbey Island Triton Mission Control Facility ......................................................... 30,475 30,475 Worldwide Unspecified Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 88,230 88,230 Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 29,790 29,790 Navy Various Worldwide Locations Triton Forward Operating Base Hangar ............................................ 41,380 41,380 .Military Construction, Navy Total 1,027,763 1,394,679 Alaska AF Clear AFS Fire Station ..................................................................................... 20,000 20,000 AF Eielson AFB F–35A ADAL Field Training Detachment Fac .................................... 22,100 22,100 AF Eielson AFB F–35A Aircraft Weather Shelter (Sqd 2) ............................................. 82,300 0 AF Eielson AFB F–35A Aircraft Weather Shelters (Sqd 1) ............................................ 79,500 79,500 AF Eielson AFB F–35A Earth Covered Magazines ....................................................... 11,300 11,300 AF Eielson AFB F–35A Hangar/Propulsion MX/Dispatch ............................................ 44,900 44,900 AF Eielson AFB F–35A Hangar/Squad Ops/AMU Sq #2 ............................................... 42,700 42,700 AF Eielson AFB F–35A Missile Maintenance Facility .................................................. 12,800 12,800 AF Joint Base Elmendorf-Richard-son Add/Alter AWACS Alert Hangar ....................................................... 29,000 29,000 Arizona AF Luke AFB F–35A Squad Ops/Aircraft Maint Unit #5 .......................................... 20,000 20,000 Australia AF Darwin APR—Aircraft MX Support Facility .................................................. 1,800 1,800 AF Darwin APR—Expand Parking Apron ........................................................... 28,600 28,600 California AF Edwards AFB Flightline Fire Station ...................................................................... 24,000 24,000 Colorado AF Buckley AFB Small Arms Range Complex .............................................................. 13,500 13,500 Delaware AF Dover AFB Aircraft Maintenance Hangar ........................................................... 39,000 39,000 Florida AF Eglin AFB Advanced Munitions Technology Complex ......................................... 75,000 75,000 AF Eglin AFB Flightline Fire Station ...................................................................... 13,600 13,600 AF Patrick AFB Fire/Crash Rescue Station ................................................................ 13,500 13,500 Georgia AF Moody AFB Personnel Recovery 4-Bay Hangar/Helo Mx Unit ............................... 30,900 30,900 Germany AF Ramstein AB 37 AS Squadron Operations/Aircraft Maint Unit ................................ 13,437 13,437 AF Spangdahlem AB EIC—Site Development and Infrastructure ........................................ 43,465 43,465 Guam AF Joint Region Marianas APR—Munitions Storage Igloos, Ph 2 ............................................... 35,300 35,300 AF Joint Region Marianas APR—SATCOM C4I Facility ............................................................ 14,200 14,200 AF Joint Region Marianas Block 40 Maintenance Hangar .......................................................... 31,158 31,158 Japan AF Kadena AB APR—Replace Munitions Structures ................................................. 19,815 19,815 AF Yokota AB C–130J Corrosion Control Hangar ...................................................... 23,777 23,777 AF Yokota AB Construct Combat Arms Training & Maint Fac .................................. 8,243 8,243 Kansas AF McConnell AFB Air Traffic Control Tower ................................................................. 11,200 11,200 AF McConnell AFB KC–46A ADAL Taxiway Delta .......................................................... 5,600 5,600 AF McConnell AFB KC–46A Alter Flight Simulator Bldgs ................................................ 3,000 3,000 Louisiana AF Barksdale AFB Consolidated Communication Facility ............................................... 21,000 21,000 Mariana Islands AF Unspecified Location APR—Land Acquisition .................................................................... 9,000 9,000 Maryland AF Joint Base Andrews 21 Points Enclosed Firing Range ....................................................... 13,000 13,000 AF Joint Base Andrews Consolidated Communications Center ................................................ 0 50,000 AF Joint Base Andrews PAR Relocate JADOC Satellite Site ................................................... 3,500 3,500 Massachusetts AF Hanscom AFB Construct Vandenberg Gate Complex ................................................. 0 10,965 AF Hanscom AFB System Management Engineering Facility ......................................... 20,000 20,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2640 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2017 Request House Agreement 
Montana AF Malmstrom AFB Missile Maintenance Facility ............................................................ 14,600 14,600 Nevada AF Nellis AFB F–35A POL Fill Stand Addition ........................................................ 10,600 10,600 New Mexico AF Cannon AFB North Fitness Center ........................................................................ 21,000 21,000 AF Holloman AFB Hazardous Cargo Pad and Taxiway .................................................. 10,600 10,600 AF Kirtland AFB Combat Rescue Helicopter (CRH) Simulator ....................................... 7,300 7,300 Ohio AF Wright-Patterson AFB Relocated Entry Control Facility 26A ................................................ 12,600 12,600 Oklahoma AF Altus AFB KC–46A FTU/FTC Simulator Facility Ph 2 ......................................... 11,600 11,600 AF Tinker AFB E–3G Mission and Flight Simulator Training Facility ........................ 0 26,000 AF Tinker AFB KC–46A Depot System Integration Laboratory ................................... 17,000 17,000 South Carolina AF Joint Base Charleston Fire & Rescue Station ....................................................................... 0 17,000 Texas AF Joint Base San Antonio BMT Recruit Dormitory 6 ................................................................. 67,300 67,300  Turkey AF Incirlik AB Airfield Fire/Crash Rescue Station .................................................... 13,449 13,449 United Arab Emirates AF Al Dhafra Large Aircraft Maintenance Hangar ................................................. 35,400 35,400 United Kingdom AF RAF Croughton JIAC Consolidation—Ph 3 ................................................................ 53,082 0 AF RAF Croughton Main Gate Complex .......................................................................... 16,500 16,500 Utah AF Hill AFB 649 MUNS Munitions Storage Magazines ........................................... 6,600 6,600 AF Hill AFB 649 MUNS Precision Guided Missile MX Facility ............................... 8,700 8,700 AF Hill AFB 649 MUNS Stamp/Maint & Inspection Facility ................................... 12,000 12,000 AF Hill AFB Composite Aircraft Antenna Calibration Fac ..................................... 7,100 7,100 AF Hill AFB F–35A Munitions Maintenance Complex ............................................ 10,100 10,100 Virginia AF Joint Base Langley-Eustis Air Force Targeting Center ............................................................... 45,000 45 ,000 AF Joint Base Langley-Eustis Fuel System Maintenance Dock ........................................................ 14,200 14,200 Washington AF Fairchild AFB Pipeline Dorm, USAF SERE School (150 RM) ..................................... 27,000 27,000 Worldwide Unspecified AF Various Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ........................................................................... 143, 582 163,582 AF Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Military Construction .......................................... 30,000 63,082 Wyoming AF F. E. Warren AFB Missile Transfer Facility Bldg 4331 .................................................... 5,550 5,550 .Military Construction, Air Force Total 1,481,058 1,502,723 Alaska Def-Wide Clear AFS Long Range Discrim Radar Sys Complex Ph1, Incr 1 .......................... 155,000 100,000 Def-Wide Fort Greely Missile Defense Complex Switchgear Facility ..................................... 9,560 9,560 Def-Wide Joint Base Elmendorf-Richard-son Construct Truck Offload Facility ...................................................... 4,900 4,900 Arizona Def-Wide Fort Huachuca JITC Building 52110 Renovation ....................................................... 4,493 4,493 California Def-Wide Coronado SOF Human Performance Training Center ........................................ 15,578 15,578 Def-Wide Coronado SOF Seal Team Ops Facility ............................................................. 47,290 47,290 Def-Wide Coronado SOF Seal Team Ops Facility ............................................................. 47,290 47,290 Def-Wide Coronado SOF Special RECON Team ONE Operations Fac ................................ 20,949 20,949 Def-Wide Coronado SOF Training Detachment ONE Ops Facility .................................... 44,305 44,305 Def-Wide Travis AFB Replace Hydrant Fuel System ........................................................... 26,500 26,500 Delaware Def-Wide Dover AFB Welch ES/Dover MS Replacement ...................................................... 44,115 44,115 Diego Garcia Def-Wide Diego Garcia Improve Wharf Refueling Capability ................................................. 30,000 30,000 Florida Def-Wide Patrick AFB Replace Fuel Tanks .......................................................................... 10,100 10,100 Georgia Def-Wide Fort Benning SOF Tactical Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Hangar ................................ 4,820 4,820 Def-Wide Fort Gordon Medical Clinic Replacement .............................................................. 25,000 25,000 Germany Def-Wide Kaiserlautern AB Sembach Elementary/Middle School Replacement ............................... 45,221 45,221 Def-Wide Rhine Ordnance Barracks Medical Center Replacement Incr 6 ................................................... 58,063 58, 063 Japan Def-Wide Iwakuni Construct Truck Offload & Loading Facilities ................................... 6,664 6,664 Def-Wide Kadena AB Kadena Elementary School Replacement ........................................... 84,918 84,918 Def-Wide Kadena AB Medical Materiel Warehouse ............................................................. 20,881 20,881 Def-Wide Kadena AB SOF Maintenance Hangar ................................................................ 42,823 42,823 Def-Wide Kadena AB SOF Simulator Facility (MC–130) ...................................................... 12,602 12,602 Def-Wide Yokota AB Airfield Apron .................................................................................. 41,294 41,29 4 Def-Wide Yokota AB Hangar/AMU ................................................................................... 39,466 39,466 Def-Wide Yokota AB Operations and Warehouse Facilities ................................................ 26,710 26,710 Def-Wide Yokota AB Simulator Facility ............................................................................ 6,261 6,261 Kwajalein Def-Wide Kwajalein Atoll Replace Fuel Storage Tanks ............................................................. 85,500 85,500 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2641 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2017 Request House Agreement 
Maine Def-Wide Kittery Medical/Dental Clinic Replacement ................................................... 27,100 27,100 Maryland Def-Wide Bethesda Naval Hospital MEDCEN Addition/Alteration Incr 1 ................................................. 50,000 50,00 0 Def-Wide Fort Meade Access Control Facility ..................................................................... 21,000 21,000 Def-Wide Fort Meade NSAW Campus Feeders Phase 3 ........................................................ 17,000 17,000 Def-Wide Fort Meade NSAW Recapitalize Building #2 Incr 2 .............................................. 195,000 145,000 Missouri Def-Wide St. Louis Land Acquisition-Next NGA West (N2W) Campus .............................. 801 0 North Carolina Def-Wide Camp Lejeune Dental Clinic Replacement ................................................................ 31,000 31,000 Def-Wide Fort Bragg SOF Combat Medic Training Facility ................................................ 10,905 10,905 Def-Wide Fort Bragg SOF Parachute Rigging Facility ....................................................... 21,420 21,420 Def-Wide Fort Bragg SOF Special Tactics Facility (PH3) ................................................... 30,670 30,670 Def-Wide Fort Bragg SOF Tactical Equipment Maintenance Facility ................................. 23,598 23,598 South Carolina Def-Wide Joint Base Charleston Construct Hydrant Fuel System ........................................................ 17,000 17,0 00 Texas Def-Wide Red River Army Depot Construct Warehouse & Open Storage ............................................... 44,700 44,700 Def-Wide Sheppard AFB Medical/Dental Clinic Replacement ................................................... 91,910 91,910 United Kingdom Def-Wide RAF Croughton Croughton Elem/Middle/High School Replacement ............................. 71,424 71,424 Def-Wide RAF Lakenheath Construct Hydrant Fuel System ........................................................ 13,500 13,500 Virginia Def-Wide Pentagon Pentagon Metro Entrance Facility .................................................... 12,111 12,111 Def-Wide Pentagon Upgrade IT Facilities Infrastructure—RRMC .................................... 8,105 8,105 Wake Island Def-Wide Wake Island Test Support Facility ....................................................................... 11,670 11,670 Worldwide Unspecified Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Contingency Construction ................................................................ 10,000 10,000 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions ECIP Design .................................................................................... 10,000 0 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Energy Conservation Investment Program ......................................... 150,000 150,000 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Exercise Related Minor Construction ................................................. 8,631 8,631 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Planning and Design, Defense Wide .................................................. 13,450 23,450 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Planning and Design, DODEA .......................................................... 23,585 23,585 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Planning and Design, NGA ............................................................... 71,647 36,000 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Planning and Design, NSA ............................................................... 24,000 24,000 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Planning and Design, WHS .............................................................. 3,427 3,427 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Unspecified Minor Construction, DHA .............................................. 8,500 8,500 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Unspecified Minor Construction, DODEA .......................................... 3,000 3,000 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Unspecified Minor Construction, Defense Wide .................................. 3,000 3,000 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Unspecified Minor Construction, SOCOM .......................................... 5,994 5,994 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Unspecified Minor MILCON, NSA ..................................................... 3,913 3,913 Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Worldwide Unspecified Minor Construction, MDA ............................. 2,414 2,414 Def-Wide Various Worldwide Locations Planning & Design, DLA .................................................................. 27 ,660 27,660 Def-Wide Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design, SOCOM ......................................................... 27,653 27,653 Worldwide Unspecified Locations Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Planning & Design, MDA ................................................................. 0 15,000 .Military Construction, Defense-Wide Total 2,056,091 1,929,643 Worldwide Unspecified NATO NATO Security Investment Pro-gram NATO Security Investment Program .................................................. 177,932 177,932 .NATO Security Investment Program Total 177,932 177,932 Colorado Army NG Fort Carson National Guard Readiness Center ..................................................... 0 16,500 Hawaii Army NG Hilo Combined Support Maintenance Shop ............................................... 31,000 31,000 Iowa Army NG Davenport National Guard Readiness Center ..................................................... 23,000 23,000 Kansas Army NG Fort Leavenworth National Guard Readiness Center ..................................................... 29,000 29,000 New Hampshire 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2642 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2017 Request House Agreement 
Army NG Hooksett National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop ....................................... 11,000 11,000 Army NG Rochester National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop ....................................... 8,900 8,900 Oklahoma Army NG Ardmore National Guard Readiness Center ..................................................... 22,000 22,000 Pennsylvania Army NG Fort Indiantown Gap Access Control Buildings .................................................................. 0 20,000 Army NG York National Guard Readiness Center ..................................................... 9,300 9,300 Rhode Island Army NG East Greenwich National Guard/Reserve Center Building (JFHQ) ............................... 20,000 20,000 Utah Army NG Camp Williams National Guard Readiness Center ..................................................... 37,000 37,000 Worldwide Unspecified Army NG Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 8,729 8,729 Army NG Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 12,001 12,001 Wyoming Army NG Camp Guernsey General Instruction Building ............................................................ 0 31,000 Army NG Laramie National Guard Readiness Center ..................................................... 21,000 21,000 .Military Construction, Army National Guard Total 232,930 300,430 Arizona Army Res Phoenix Army Reserve Center ........................................................................ 0 30,000 California Army Res Camp Parks Transient Training Barracks ............................................................ 19,000 19,000 Army Res Fort Hunter Liggett Emergency Services Center ............................................................... 21,500 21, 500 Army Res Barstow Equipment Concentration Site .......................................................... 0 29,000 Virginia Army Res Dublin Organizational Maintenance Shop/AMSA ......................................... 6,000 6,000 Washington Army Res Joint Base Lewis–McChord Army Reserve Center ........................................................................ 0 27,500 Wisconsin Army Res Fort McCoy AT/MOB Dining Facility .................................................................. 11,400 11,400 Worldwide Unspecified Army Res Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 7,500 7,500 Army Res Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 2,830 2,830 .Military Construction, Army Reserve Total 68,230 154,730 Louisiana N/MC Res New Orleans Joint Reserve Intelligence Center ...................................................... 11,207 11,207 New York N/MC Res Brooklyn Electric Feeder Ductbank ................................................................. 1,964 1,964 N/MC Res Syracuse Marine Corps Reserve Center ............................................................ 13,229 13,229 Texas N/MC Res Galveston Reserve Center Annex ....................................................................... 8,414 8,414 Worldwide Unspecified N/MC Res Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions MCNR Planning & Design ................................................................ 3,783 3,783 .Military Construction, Naval Reserve Total 38,597 38,597 Connecticut Air NG Bradley IAP Construct Small Air Terminal ........................................................... 6,300 6,300 Florida Air NG Jacksonville IAP Replace Fire Crash/Rescue Station .................................................... 9,000 9,000 Hawaii Air NG Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam F–22 Composite Repair Facility ......................................................... 11 ,000 11,000 Iowa Air NG Sioux Gateway Airport Construct Consolidated Support Functions ........................................ 12,600 12,600 Maryland Air NG Joint Base Andrews Munitions Load Crew Trng/Corrosion Cnrtl Facility .......................... 0 5,000 Minnesota Air NG Duluth IAP Load Crew Training/Weapon Shops .................................................. 7,600 7,600 New Hampshire Air NG Pease International Trade Port KC–46A Install Fuselage Trainer Bldg 251 ......................................... 1,500 1, 500 North Carolina Air NG Charlotte/Douglas IAP C–17 Corrosion Control/Fuel Cell Hangar .......................................... 29,600 29,600 Air NG Charlotte/Douglas IAP C–17 Type III Hydrant Refueling System ........................................... 21,000 21,000 Ohio Air NG Toledo Express Airport Indoor Small Arms Range ................................................................. 0 6,000 South Carolina Air NG McEntire ANGS Replace Operations and Training Facility ......................................... 8,400 8,400 Texas Air NG Ellington Field Consolidate Crew Readiness Facility ................................................. 4,500 4,500 Vermont Air NG Burlington IAP F–35 Beddown 4-Bay Flight Simulator .............................................. 4,500 4,500 Worldwide Unspecified Air NG Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 17,495 29,495 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2643 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2017 Request House Agreement 
Air NG Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ........................................................................ 1 0,462 10,462 .Military Construction, Air National Guard Total 143,957 166,957 Guam AF Res Andersen AFB Reserve Medical Training Facility .................................................... 0 5,200 Massachusetts AF Res Westover ARB Indoor Small Arms Range ................................................................. 0 9,200 North Carolina AF Res Seymour Johnson AFB KC–46A ADAL Bldg for AGE/Fuselage Training ................................ 5,700 5,700 AF Res Seymour Johnson AFB KC–46A ADAL Squadron Operations Facilities .................................. 2,250 2,250 AF Res Seymour Johnson AFB KC–46A Two-Bay Corrosion/Fuel Cell Hangar ................................... 90,000 90,000 Pennsylvania AF Res Pittsburgh IAP C–17 ADAL Fuel Hydrant System ..................................................... 22,800 22,800 AF Res Pittsburgh IAP C–17 Const/OverlayTaxiway and Apron ............................................. 8,200 8,200 AF Res Pittsburgh IAP C–17 Construct Two-Bay Corrosion/Fuel Hangar ............................... 54,000 54,000 Utah AF Res Hill AFB ADAL Life Support Facility ............................................................. 0 3,050 Worldwide Unspecified AF Res Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Planning & Design ........................................................................... 4,500 4,500 AF Res Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 1,500 1,500 .Military Construction, Air Force Reserve Total 188,950 206,400 Korea FH Con Army Camp Humphreys Family Housing New Construction, Incr 1 ......................................... 143,563 100,000 FH Con Army Camp Walker Family Housing New Construction .................................................... 54,554 54,554 Worldwide Unspecified FH Con Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Planning & Design ........................................................................... 2,618 2,618 .Family Housing Construction, Army Total 200,735 157,172 Worldwide Unspecified FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Furnishings ..................................................................................... 10,178 10,178 FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Housing Privitization Support .......................................................... 19,146 19,146 FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Leasing ........................................................................................... 131,761 131,761 FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Maintenance .................................................................................... 60,745 60,745 FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Management .................................................................................... 40,344 40,344 FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Miscellaneous .................................................................................. 400 400 FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Services ........................................................................................... 7,993 7,993 FH Ops Army Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Utilities ........................................................................................... 55,428 55,428 .Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Army Total 325,995 325,995 Mariana Islands FH Con Navy Guam Replace Andersen Housing PH I ....................................................... 78,815 78,815 Worldwide Unspecified FH Con Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Construction Improvements .............................................................. 11,047 11,047 FH Con Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Planning & Design ........................................................................... 4,149 4,149 .Family Housing Construction, Navy And Marine Corps Total 94,011 94,011 Worldwide Unspecified FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Furnishings ..................................................................................... 17,457 17,457 FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Housing Privatization Support .......................................................... 26,320 26,320 FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Leasing ........................................................................................... 54,689 54,689 FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Maintenance .................................................................................... 81,254 81,254 FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Management .................................................................................... 51,291 51,291 FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Miscellaneous .................................................................................. 364 364 FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Services ........................................................................................... 12,855 12,855 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2644 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2017 Request House Agreement 
FH Ops Navy Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Utilities ........................................................................................... 56,685 56,685 .Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Navy And Marine Corps Total 300,915 300,915 Worldwide Unspecified FH Con AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Construction Improvements .............................................................. 56,984 56,984 FH Con AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Planning & Design ........................................................................... 4,368 4,368 .Family Housing Construction, Air Force Total 61,352 61,352 Worldwide Unspecified FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Furnishings ..................................................................................... 31,690 31,690 FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Housing Privatization Support .......................................................... 41,809 41,809 FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Leasing ........................................................................................... 20,530 20,530 FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Maintenance .................................................................................... 85,469 85,469 FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Management .................................................................................... 42,919 42,919 FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Miscellaneous .................................................................................. 1,745 1,745 FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Services ........................................................................................... 13,026 13,026 FH Ops AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Utilities ........................................................................................... 37,241 37,241 .Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Air Force Total 274,429 274,429 Worldwide Unspecified FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Furnishings ..................................................................................... 399 399 FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Furnishings ..................................................................................... 20 20 FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Furnishings ..................................................................................... 500 500 FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Leasing ........................................................................................... 11,044 11,044 FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Leasing ........................................................................................... 40,984 40,984 FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Maintenance .................................................................................... 800 800 FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Maintenance .................................................................................... 349 349 FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Management .................................................................................... 388 388 FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Services ........................................................................................... 32 32 FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Utilities ........................................................................................... 174 174 FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Utilities ........................................................................................... 367 367 FH Ops DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Utilities ........................................................................................... 4,100 4,100 .Family Housing Operation And Maintenance, Defense-Wide Total 59,157 59,157 Worldwide Unspecified FHIF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions Program Expenses ............................................................................ 3,258 3,258 .DoD Family Housing Improvement Fund Total 3,258 3,258 Worldwide Unspecified BRAC Base Realignment & Closure, Army Base Realignment and Closure .......................................................... 14,499 24,499 .Base Realignment and Closure—Army Total 14,499 24,499 Worldwide Unspecified BRAC Base Realignment & Closure, Navy Base Realignment & Closure ............................................................. 110,606 125,606 BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions 
DON–100: Planning, Design and Management ................................... 4,604 4,604 BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions DON–101: Various Locations ............................................................. 10,461 10,461 BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions DON–138: NAS Brunswick, ME ......................................................... 557 557 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2645 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2017 Request House Agreement 
BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions DON–157: MCSA Kansas City, MO .................................................... 100 100 BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions DON–172: NWS Seal Beach, Concord, CA .......................................... 4,648 4,648 BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions DON–84: JRB Willow Grove & Cambria Reg AP ................................. 3,397 3,397 .Base Realignment and Closure—Navy Total 134,373 149,373 Worldwide Unspecified BRAC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-tions DoD BRAC Activities—Air Force ...................................................... 56,365 56,365 .Base Realignment and Closure—Air Force Total 56,365 56,365 Worldwide Unspecified PYS Worldwide Air Force ......................................................................................... 0 –29,300 PYS Worldwide Army ............................................................................................... 0 –25,000 PYS Worldwide Defense-Wide ................................................................................... 0 –60,577 PYS Worldwide Navy ............................................................................................... 0 –87,699 PYS Worldwide HAP ................................................................................................ 0 –25,000 PYS Worldwide NSIP ............................................................................................... 0 –30,000 .Prior Year Savings Total 0 –257,576 .Total, Military Construction 7,444,056 7,694,000 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2017 Request House Agreement 
Worldwide Unspecified Army Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERI: Planning and Design .................................................................. . 18,900 18,900 .Military Construction, Army Total 18,900 18,900 Iceland Navy Keflavik ERI: P–8A Aircraft Rinse Rack ............................................................. 5,000 5,000 Navy Keflavik ERI: P–8A Hangar Upgrade ................................................................. 14,600 14,600 Worldwide Unspecified Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERI: Planning and Design .................................................................. . 1,800 1,800 .Military Construction, Navy Total 21,400 21,400 Bulgaria AF Graf Ignatievo ERI: Construct Sq Ops/Operational Alert Fac ....................................... 3,800 3,800 AF Graf Ignatievo ERI: Fighter Ramp Extension ............................................................... 7,000 7,000 AF Graf Ignatievo ERI: Upgrade Munitions Storage Area .................................................. 2,600 2,600 Djibouti AF Chabelley Airfield OCO: Construct Chabelley Access Road ................................................ 3,600 3,600 AF Chabelley Airfield OCO: Construct Parking Apron and Taxiway ....................................... 6,900 6,900 Estonia AF Amari AB ERI: Construct Bulk Fuel Storage ........................................................ 6,500 6,500 Germany AF Spangdahlem AB ERI: Construct High Cap Trim Pad & Hush House ................................ 1,000 1,000 AF Spangdahlem AB ERI: F/A–22 Low Observable/Comp Repair Fac ...................................... 12,000 12,000 AF Spangdahlem AB ERI: F/A–22 Upgrade Infrastructure/Comm/Util ..................................... 1,600 1,600 AF Spangdahlem AB ERI: Upgrade Hardened Aircraft Shelters ............................................. 2,700 2,700 AF Spangdahlem AB ERI: Upgrade Munitions Storage Doors ................................................ 1,400 1,400 Lithuania AF Siauliai ERI: Munitions Storage ....................................................................... 3,000 3,000 Poland AF Lask AB ERI: Construct Squadron Operations Facility ....................................... 4,100 4,100 AF Powidz AB ERI: Construct Squadron Operations Facility ....................................... 4,100 4,100 Romania AF Campia Turzii ERI: Construct Munitions Storage Area ................................................ 3,000 3,000 AF Campia Turzii ERI: Construct Squadron Operations Facility ....................................... 3,400 3,400 AF Campia Turzii ERI: Construct Two-Bay Hangar ......................................................... 6,100 6,100 AF Campia Turzii ERI: Extend Parking Aprons ................................................................ 6,000 6,000 Worldwide Unspecified AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations CTP: Planning and Design .................................................................. 9, 000 8,551 AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations OCO: Planning and Design .................................................................. 94 0 940 .Military Construction, Air Force Total 88,740 88,291 Worldwide Unspecified Def-Wide Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERI: Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................... 5,000 5,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2646 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2017 Request House Agreement 
.Military Construction, Defense-Wide Total 5,000 5,000 .Total, Military Construction 134,040 133,591 
SEC. 4603. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS. 
SEC. 4603. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS FOR BASE REQUIREMENTS (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2017 Request House Agreement 
Djibouti Navy Camp Lemonier OCO: Medical/Dental Facility .............................................................. 37,409 37,409 Worldwide Unspecified Navy Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ....................................................................... .... 1,000 1,000 .Military Construction, Navy Total 38,409 38,409 .Total, Military Construction 38,409 38,409 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS. 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2017 Request House Author-ized 
Discretionary Summary By Appropriation Energy And Water Development, And Related Agencies Appropriation Summary: Energy Programs Nuclear Energy ................................................................................................................. ............................... 151,876 136,616 Atomic Energy Defense Activities National nuclear security administration: Weapons activities ............................................................................................................. ........................ 9,243,147 9,559,147 Defense nuclear nonproliferation ............................................................................................... ................. 1,807,916 1,901,916 Naval reactors ................................................................................................................. .......................... 1,420,120 1,420,120 Federal salaries and expenses .................................................................................................. ................... 412,817 372,817 Total, National nuclear security administration ........................................................................................................ 12,884,000 13,254,000 Environmental and other defense activities: Defense environmental cleanup .................................................................................................. ................ 5,382,050 5,289,950 Other defense activities ....................................................................................................... ....................... 791,552 800,552 Total, Environmental & other defense activities ......................................................................................................... 6,173,602 6,090,502 Total, Atomic Energy Defense Activities ...................................................................................................................... 19,057,602 19,344,502 Total, Discretionary Funding............................................................................................................................... ......19,209,478 19,481,118 Nuclear Energy Idaho sitewide safeguards and security ......................................................................................... ................................ 129,303 129,303 Idaho operations and maintenance ............................................................................................... ................................ 7,313 7,313 Consent Based Siting ........................................................................................................... ........................................ 15,260 0 Denial of funds for defense-only repository .................................................................................... ......................... [–15,260] Total, Nuclear Energy............................................................................................................................... .................151,876 136,616 Weapons Activities Directed stockpile work Life extension programs B61 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... ......................... 616,079 616,079 W76 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... ......................... 222,880 222,880 W88 Alt 370 .................................................................................................................... .................................. 281,129 281,129 W80–4 Life extension program ................................................................................................... ........................ 220,253 241,253 Mitigation of schedule risk .................................................................................................... ..................... [21,000] Total, Life extension programs............................................................................................................................... ....1,340,341 1,361,341 Stockpile systems B61 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................. 57,313 57,313 W76 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................ 38,604 38,604 W78 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................ 56,413 56,413 W80 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................ 64,631 64,631 B83 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................. 41,659 41,659 W87 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................ 81,982 81,982 W88 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................ 103,074 103,074 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2647 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2017 Request House Author-ized 
Total, Stockpile systems............................................................................................................................... ...............443,676 443,676 Weapons dismantlement and disposition Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ....................... 68,984 54,984 Denial of dismantlement acceleration ........................................................................................... ............... [–14,000] Stockpile services Production support ............................................................................................................. ............................. 457,043 457,043 Research and development support ............................................................................................... .................... 34,187 34,187 R&D certification and safety ................................................................................................... ......................... 156,481 202,481 Stockpile Responsiveness Program and technology maturation efforts .......................................................... [46 ,000] Management, technology, and production ......................................................................................... ................ 251,978 251,978 Total, Stockpile services............................................................................................................................... ..............899,689 945,689 Nuclear material commodities Uranium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ........................... 20,988 20,988 Plutonium sustainment .......................................................................................................... .......................... 184,970 190,970 Mitigation of schedule risk for meeting statutory pit production requirements ............................................... [6, 000] Tritium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ............................. 109,787 109,787 Domestic uranium enrichment .................................................................................................... ...................... 50,000 50,000 Strategic materials sustainment ................................................................................................ ........................ 212,092 212,092 Total, Nuclear material commodities ......................................................................................................................... 577,837 583,837 Total, Directed stockpile work............................................................................................................................... .....3,330,527 3,389,527 Research, development, test and evaluation (RDT&E) Science Advanced certification ......................................................................................................... ............................ 58,000 58,000 Primary assessment technologies ................................................................................................ ....................... 99,000 111,000 Support to Prototype Nuclear Weapons for Intelligence Estimates program ................................................... [12,0 00] Dynamic materials properties ................................................................................................... ........................ 106,000 106,000 Advanced radiography ........................................................................................................... .......................... 50,500 50,500 Secondary assessment technologies .............................................................................................. ..................... 76,000 76,000 Academic alliances and partnerships ............................................................................................ .................... 52,484 52,484 Total, Science............................................................................................................................... ..............................441,984 453,984 Engineering Enhanced surety ................................................................................................................ .............................. 37,196 53,196 Stockpile Responsiveness Program and technology maturation efforts .......................................................... [16 ,000] Weapon systems engineering assessment technology ............................................................................... ............ 16,958 16,958 Nuclear survivability .......................................................................................................... .............................. 43,105 47,105 Improve planning and coordination on strategic radiation-hardened microsystems ........................................ [4,000] Enhanced surveillance .......................................................................................................... ........................... 42,228 42,228 Total, Engineering............................................................................................................................... .......................139,487 159,487 Inertial confinement fusion ignition and high yield Ignition ....................................................................................................................... .................................... 75,432 70,432 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ........................ [–5,000] Support of other stockpile programs ............................................................................................ ...................... 23,363 23,363 Diagnostics, cryogenics and experimental support ............................................................................... .............. 68,696 68,696 Pulsed power inertial confinement fusion ....................................................................................... ................... 5,616 5,616 Joint program in high energy density laboratory plasmas ........................................................................ ........... 9,492 9,492 Facility operations and target production ...................................................................................... ................... 340,360 336,360 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ........................ [–4,000] Total, Inertial confinement fusion and high yield ...................................................................................................... 522,959 513,959 Advanced simulation and computing ..............................................................................................
......................... 663,184 656,184 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .............................. [–7,000] Advanced manufacturing Additive manufacturing ......................................................................................................... .......................... 12,000 12,000 Component manufacturing development ............................................................................................ ................ 46,583 77,583 Stockpile Responsiveness Program and technology maturation efforts .......................................................... [31 ,000] Processing technology development .............................................................................................. ..................... 28,522 28,522 Total, Advanced manufacturing............................................................................................................................... ..87,105 118,105 Total, RDT&E............................................................................................................................... ..............................1,854,719 1,901,719 Infrastructure and operations (formerly RTBF) Operating Operations of facilities Kansas City Plant .............................................................................................................. ........................ 101,000 101,000 Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................................... .......... 70,500 70,500 Los Alamos National Laboratory ................................................................................................. ............... 196,500 196,500 Nevada Test Site ............................................................................................................... ......................... 92,500 92,500 Pantex ......................................................................................................................... ............................. 55,000 55,000 Sandia National Laboratory ..................................................................................................... .................. 118,000 118,000 Savannah River Site ............................................................................................................ ...................... 83,500 83,500 Y–12 National security complex ................................................................................................. .................. 107,000 107,000 Total, Operations of facilities............................................................................................................................... ......824,000 824,000 Safety and environmental operations ............................................................................................ .......................... 110,000 110,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2648 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2017 Request House Author-ized 
Maintenance and repair of facilities ........................................................................................... ............................ 294,000 324,000 Address high-priority preventative maintenance ................................................................................. ............... [30,000] Recapitalization: Infrastructure and safety ...................................................................................................... ........................... 554,643 674,643 Address high-priority deferred maintenance ..................................................................................... ........... [120,000] Capability based investment .................................................................................................... ......................... 112,639 112,639 Total, Recapitalization............................................................................................................................... ................667,282 787,282 Construction: 17–D–640, U1a Complex Enhancements Project, NNSS ............................................................................... ......... 11,500 11,500 17–D–630 Electrical Infrastructure Upgrades, LLNL .............................................................................. ............. 25,000 25,000 16–D–515 Albuquerque complex upgrades project .................................................................................. .............. 15,047 15,047 15–D–613 Emergency Operations Center, Y–12 ..................................................................................... ............... 2,000 2,000 15–D–302, TA–55 Reinvestment project, Phase 3, LANL ............................................................................ ........... 21,455 21,455 07–D–220-04 Transuranic liquid waste facility, LANL ............................................................................ ............. 17,053 17,053 06–D–141 PED/Construction, UPF Y–12, Oak Ridge, TN ............................................................................. ........ 575,000 575,000 04–D–125—04 RLUOB equipment installation ....................................................................................... .............. 159,615 159,615 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ......................826,670 826,670 Total, Infrastructure and operations .......................................................................................................................... 2,721,952 2,871,952 Secure transportation asset Operations and equipment ....................................................................................................... ............................... 179,132 179,132 Program direction .............................................................................................................. .................................... 103,600 103,600 Total, Secure transportation asset .............................................................................................................................. 282,732 282,732 Defense nuclear security Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ............................. 657,133 717,133 Support to physical security infrastructure recapitalization and CSTART ........................................................ .. [60,000] Construction: 14–D–710 Device assembly facility argus installation project, NV ............................................................... ......... 13,000 13,000 Total, Defense nuclear security............................................................................................................................... ....670,133 730,133 Information technology and cybersecurity ....................................................................................... .............................. 176,592 176,592 Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... ..................................... 248,492 248,492 Rescission of prior year balances .............................................................................................. .................................... –42,000 –42,000 Total, Weapons Activities............................................................................................................................... .............9,243,147 9,559,147 Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation R&D Global material security ....................................................................................................... ............................ 337,108 332,108 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ........................ [–5,000] Material management and minimization ........................................................................................... ................. 341,094 341,094 Nonproliferation and arms control .............................................................................................. ...................... 124,703 124,703 Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation R&D ........................................................................................... .................. 393,922 417,922 Acceleration of low-yield detection experiments ................................................................................ ........... [4,000] Nuclear detection technology and new challenges such as 3D printing .......................................................... [2 0,000] Low Enriched Uranium R&D for Naval Reactors .................................................................................... ........... 0 5,000 Low Enriched Uranium R&D for Naval Reactors .................................................................................... ..... [5,000] Nonproliferation Construction: 99–D–143 Mixed Oxide (MOX) Fuel Fabrication Facility, SRS ...................................................................... 270,000 340,000 Increase to support construction ............................................................................................... ............ [70,000] Total, Nonproliferation construction .......................................................................................................................... 270,000 340,000 Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs .................................................................................................... 1,466,827 1,560,827 
Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... ..................................... 83,208 83,208 Nuclear counterterrorism and incident response program ......................................................................... ...................... 271,881 271,881 Rescission of prior year balances .............................................................................................. .................................... –14,000 –14,000 Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation .................................................................................................................... 1,807,916 1,901,916 Naval Reactors Naval reactors operations and infrastructure ................................................................................... ............................. 449,682 449,682 Naval reactors development ..................................................................................................... ..................................... 437,338 437,338 Ohio replacement reactor systems development ................................................................................... ........................... 213,700 213,700 S8G Prototype refueling ........................................................................................................ ....................................... 124,000 124,000 Program direction .............................................................................................................. .......................................... 47,100 47,100 Construction: 17–D–911, BL Fire System Upgrade ............................................................................................... .......................... 1,400 1,400 15–D–904 NRF Overpack Storage Expansion 3 ...................................................................................... .................... 700 700 15–D–902 KS Engineroom team trainer facility ................................................................................... ...................... 33,300 33,300 14–D–901 Spent fuel handling recapitalization project, NRF ..................................................................... ................ 100,000 100,000 10-D–903, Security upgrades, KAPL .............................................................................................. .......................... 12,900 12,900 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ......................148,300 148,300 Total, Naval Reactors............................................................................................................................... ..................1,420,120 1,420,120 Federal Salaries And Expenses 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2649 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2017 Request House Author-ized 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. .......................................... 412,817 372,817 Program decrease ............................................................................................................... .................................... [–40,000] Total, Office Of The Administrator ............................................................................................................................. 412,817 372,817 Defense Environmental Cleanup Closure sites: Closure sites administration ................................................................................................... ................................. 9,389 9,389 Hanford site: River corridor and other cleanup operations .................................................................................... ........................ 69,755 114,755 Acceleration of priority programs .............................................................................................. ........................ [45,000] Central plateau remediation .................................................................................................... ............................... 620,869 628,869 Acceleration of priority programs .............................................................................................. ........................ [8,000] Richland community and regulatory support ...................................................................................... ..................... 14,701 14,701 Construction: 15–D–401 Containerized sludge removal annex, RL ................................................................................ ............. 11,486 11,486 Total, Hanford site............................................................................................................................... ......................716,811 769,811 Idaho National Laboratory: Idaho cleanup and waste disposition ............................................................................................ .......................... 359,088 359,088 Idaho community and regulatory support ......................................................................................... ...................... 3,000 3,000 Total, Idaho National Laboratory .............................................................................................................................. 362,088 362,088 Los Alamos National Laboratory EMLA cleanup activities ........................................................................................................ ................................ 185,606 185,606 EMLA community and regulatory support .......................................................................................... .................... 3,394 3,394 Total, Los Alamos National Laboratory ...................................................................................................................... 189,000 189,000 NNSA sites Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................................... ...................... 1,396 1,396 Separations Process Research Unit .............................................................................................. ........................... 3,685 3,685 Nevada ......................................................................................................................... ......................................... 62,176 62,176 Sandia National Laboratories ................................................................................................... .............................. 4,130 4,130 Total, NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites ....................................................................................................................... 71,387 71,387 Oak Ridge Reservation: OR Nuclear facility D & D OR Nuclear facility D & D ...................................................................................................... ......................... 93,851 93,851 Construction: 14–D–403 Outfall 200 Mercury Treatment Facility ................................................................................ ........ 5,100 5,100 Total, OR Nuclear facility D & D............................................................................................................................... .98,951 98,951 U233 Disposition Program ....................................................................................................... ................................ 37,311 37,311 OR cleanup and disposition ..................................................................................................... ............................... 54,557 54,557 OR reservation community and regulatory support ................................................................................ .................. 4,400 4,400 Oak Ridge technology development ............................................................................................... .......................... 3,000 3,000 Total, Oak Ridge Reservation............................................................................................................................... ......198,219 198,219 Office of River Protection: Waste treatment and immobilization plant WTP operations ................................................................................................................. .............................. 3,000 3,000 15–D–409 Low activity waste pretreatment system, ORP ........................................................................... .......... 73,000 73,000 01–D–416 A-D/ORP-0060 / Major construction ..................................................................................... ................ 690,000 690,000 Total, Waste treatment and immobilization plant ...................................................................................................... 766,000 766,000 Tank farm activities Rad liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition ............................................................................ ............... 721,456 721,456 Total, Tank farm activities............................................................................................................................... ..........721,456 721,456 Total, Office of River protection............................................................................................................................... ...
1,487,456 1,487,456 Savannah River sites: Nuclear Material Management .................................................................................................... ........................... 311,062 311,062 Environmental Cleanup .......................................................................................................... ................................ 152,504 152,504 SR community and regulatory support ............................................................................................ ........................ 11,249 11,249 Radioactive liquid tank waste: Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition .................................................................... ............ 645,332 645,332 Construction: 15–D–402—Saltstone Disposal Unit #6, SRS ....................................................................................... .......... 7,577 7,577 17–D–401—Saltstone Disposal Unit #7 ............................................................................................ ............. 9,729 9,729 05–D–405 Salt waste processing facility, Savannah River Site ................................................................... .... 160,000 160,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ......................177,306 177,306 Total, Radioactive liquid tank waste .......................................................................................................................... 822,638 822,638 Total, Savannah River site............................................................................................................................... ..........1,297,453 1,297,453 Waste Isolation Pilot Plant Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ............................. 257,188 257,188 Construction: 15–D–411 Safety significant confinement ventilation system, WIPP ............................................................... ...... 2,532 2,532 15–D–412 Exhaust shaft, WIPP ................................................................................................... ...................... 2,533 2,533 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2650 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2017 Request House Author-ized 
Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... ......................5,065 5,065 Total, Waste Isolation Pilot Plant ............................................................................................................................... 262,253 262,253 Program direction .............................................................................................................. .......................................... 290,050 290,050 Program support ................................................................................................................ .......................................... 14,979 14,979 Safeguards and Security ........................................................................................................ ...................................... 255,973 255,973 Technology development ......................................................................................................... ..................................... 30,000 40,000 NAS study on technology development, acceleration of priority efforts .......................................................... ............ [10,000] Infrastructure recapitalization ................................................................................................ ..................................... 41,892 41,892 Defense Uranium enrichment D&D ................................................................................................. .............................. 155,100 0 Ahead of need .................................................................................................................. ...................................... [–155,100] Subtotal, Defense environmental cleanup ................................................................................................................... 5,382,050 5,289,950 Total, Defense Environmental Cleanup ....................................................................................................................... 5,382,050 5,289,950 Other Defense Activities Environment, health, safety and security Environment, health, safety and security ....................................................................................... ......................... 130,693 130,693 Program direction .............................................................................................................. .................................... 66,519 66,519 Total, Environment, Health, safety and security ......................................................................................................... 197,212 197,212 Independent enterprise assessments Independent enterprise assessments ............................................................................................. ........................... 24,580 24,580 Program direction .............................................................................................................. .................................... 51,893 51,893 Total, Independent enterprise assessments ................................................................................................................. 76,473 76,473 Specialized security activities ................................................................................................ ....................................... 237,912 246,912 IT infrastructure and red teaming .............................................................................................. ............................ [9,000] Office of Legacy Management Legacy management .............................................................................................................. ................................. 140,306 140,306 Program direction .............................................................................................................. .................................... 14,014 14,014 Total, Office of Legacy Management ........................................................................................................................... 154,320 154,320 Defense-related activities Defense related administrative support Chief financial officer ........................................................................................................ .................................... 23,642 23,642 Chief information officer ...................................................................................................... .................................. 93,074 93,074 Project management oversight and assessments ................................................................................... .................... 3,000 3,000 Total, Defense related administrative support ............................................................................................................ 119,716 119,716 Office of hearings and appeals ................................................................................................. .................................... 5,919 5,919 Subtotal, Other defense activities ............................................................................................................................... 791,552 800,552 Total, Other Defense Activities............................................................................................................................... .....791,552 800,552 
DIVISION E—MILITARY JUSTICE 
SEC. 6000. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Justice Act of 2016’’. TITLE LX—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 6001. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF MILITARY JUDGE .—Para- graph (10) of section 801 of title 10, United States Code (article 1 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(10) The term ‘military judge’ means a judge advocate designated under section 826(c) of this title (article 26(c)) who is detailed under section 826(a) of this title (article 26(a)).’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF JUDGE ADVOCATE .—Para- graph (13) of such section (article) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the Army or the Navy’’ and inserting ‘‘the Army, the Navy, or the Air Force’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the Air Force or’’. 
SEC. 6002. CLARIFICATION OF PERSONS SUBJECT TO UCMJ WHILE ON INACTIVE-DUTY TRAINING. 
Paragraph (3) of section 802(a) of title 10, United States Code (article 2(a) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3)(A) While on inactive-duty training and during any of the periods specified in subpara-graph (B)— ‘‘(i) members of a reserve component; and ‘‘(ii) members of the Army National Guard of the United States or the Air National Guard of the United States, but only when in Federal service. ‘‘(B) The periods referred to in subparagraph (A) are the following: ‘‘(i) Travel to and from the inactive-duty training site of the member, pursuant to orders or regulations. ‘‘(ii) Intervals between consecutive periods of inactive-duty training on the same day, pursu-ant to orders or regulations. ‘‘(iii) Intervals between inactive-duty training on consecutive days, pursuant to orders or regu-lations.’’. SEC. 6003. STAFF JUDGE ADVOCATE DISQUALI-FICATION DUE TO PRIOR INVOLVE-MENT IN CASE. 
Subsection (c) of section 806 of title 10, United States Code (article 6 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c)(1) No person who, with respect to a case, serves in a capacity specified in paragraph (2) may later serve as a staff judge advocate or legal officer to any reviewing or convening au-thority upon the same case. ‘‘(2) The capacities referred to in paragraph (1) are, with respect to the case involved, any of the following: ‘‘(A) Preliminary hearing officer, court mem-ber, military judge, military magistrate, or ap-pellate judge. ‘‘(B) Counsel who have acted in the same case or appeared in any proceeding before a military judge, military magistrate, preliminary hearing officer, or appellate court.’’. SEC. 6004. CONFORMING AMENDMENT RELATING TO MILITARY MAGISTRATES. 
The first sentence of section 806a(a) of title 10, United States Code (article 6a(a) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking ‘‘military judge’’ and all that follows through the end of the sentence and inserting ‘‘military appellate judge, military judge, or military mag-istrate to perform the duties of the position in-volved.’’. 
SEC. 6005. RIGHTS OF VICTIM. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF REPRESENTATIVE .—Sub- section (c) of section 806b of title 10, United States Code (article 6b of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended in the first sen-tence by striking ‘‘the military judge’’ and all that follows through the end of the sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘the legal guard-ians of the victim or the representatives of the victim’s estate, family members, or any other person designated as suitable by the military judge, may assume the rights of the victim under this section.’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subsection (d) of such section (article) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (1); (2) by striking the period at the end of para-graph (2) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) to impair the exercise of discretion under sections 830 and 834 of this title (articles 30 and 34).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2651 May 17, 2016 
(c) I NTERVIEW OF VICTIM .—Such section (arti-cle) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) C
OUNSEL FOR ACCUSED INTERVIEW OF VIC-
TIM OF ALLEGED OFFENSE .—(1) Upon notice by counsel for the Government to counsel for the accused of the name of an alleged victim of an offense under this chapter who counsel for the Government intends to call as a witness at a proceeding under this chapter, counsel for the accused shall make any request to interview the victim through the Special Victim’s Counsel or other counsel for the victim, if applicable. ‘‘(2) If requested by an alleged victim who is subject to a request for interview under para-graph (1), any interview of the victim by counsel for the accused shall take place only in the pres-ence of the counsel for the Government, a coun-sel for the victim, or, if applicable, a victim ad-vocate.’’. TITLE LXI—APPREHENSION AND RESTRAINT 
SEC. 6101. RESTRAINT OF PERSONS CHARGED. 
Section 810 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 10 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 810. Art. 10. Restraint of person charged ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) Subject to paragraph (2), any person subject to this chapter who is charged with an offense under this chapter may be ordered into arrest or confinement as the cir-cumstances require. ‘‘(2) When a person subject to this chapter is charged only with an offense that is normally tried by summary court-martial, the person ordi-narily shall not be ordered into confinement. ‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION TO ACCUSED AND RELATED  P
ROCEDURES .—(1) When a person subject to this chapter is ordered into arrest or confinement be-fore trial, immediate steps shall be taken— ‘‘(A) to inform the person of the specific of-fense of which the person is accused; and ‘‘(B) to try the person or to dismiss the charges and release the person. ‘‘(2) To facilitate compliance with paragraph (1), the President shall prescribe regulations set-ting forth procedures relating to referral for trial, including procedures for prompt for-warding of the charges and specifications and, if applicable, the preliminary hearing report submitted under section 832 of this title (article 32).’’. 
SEC. 6102. MODIFICATION OF PROHIBITION OF CONFINEMENT OF ARMED FORCES MEMBERS WITH ENEMY PRISONERS AND CERTAIN OTHERS. 
Section 812 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 12 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 812. Art. 12. Prohibition of confinement of armed forces members with enemy prisoners and certain others ‘‘No member of the armed forces may be placed in confinement in immediate association with— ‘‘(1) enemy prisoners; or ‘‘(2) other individuals— ‘‘(A) who are detained under the law of war and are foreign nationals; and ‘‘(B) who are not members of the armed forces.’’. TITLE LXII—NON-JUDICIAL PUNISHMENT 
SEC. 6201. MODIFICATION OF CONFINEMENT AS NON-JUDICIAL PUNISHMENT. 
Section 815 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 15 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘on bread and water or diminished rations’’; and (B) in the undesignated matter after para-graph (2), by striking ‘‘on bread and water or diminished rations’’ in the sentence beginning ‘‘No two or more’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘on bread and water or diminished rations’’ in paragraphs (2) and (3). TITLE LXIII—COURT-MARTIAL JURISDICTION SEC. 6301. COURTS-MARTIAL CLASSIFIED. 
Section 816 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 16 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 816. Art 16. Courts-martial classified ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The three kinds of courts- martial in each of the armed forces are the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) General courts-martial, as described in subsection (b). ‘‘(2) Special courts-martial, as described in subsection (c). ‘‘(3) Summary courts-martial, as described in subsection (d). ‘‘(b) G
ENERAL COURTS -MARTIAL .—General courts-martial are of the following three types: ‘‘(1) A general court-martial consisting of a military judge and eight members, subject to sec-tions 825(d)(3) and 829 of this title (articles 25(d)(3) and 29). ‘‘(2) In a capital case, a general court-martial consisting of a military judge and the number of members determined under section 825a of this title (article 25a), subject to sections 825(d)(3) and 829 of this title (articles 25(d)(3) and 29). ‘‘(3) A general court-martial consisting of a military judge alone, if, before the court is as-sembled, the accused, knowing the identity of the military judge and after consultation with defense counsel, requests, orally on the record or in writing, a court composed of a military judge alone and the military judge approves the request. ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL COURTS -MARTIAL .—Special courts-martial are of the following two types: ‘‘(1) A special court-martial, consisting of a military judge and four members, subject to sec-tions 825(d)(3) and 829 of this title (articles 25(d)(3) and 29). ‘‘(2) A special court-martial consisting of a military judge alone— ‘‘(A) if the case is so referred by the convening authority, subject to section 819 of this title (ar-ticle 19) and such limitations as the President may prescribe by regulation; or ‘‘(B) if the case is referred under paragraph (1) and, before the court is assembled, the ac-cused, knowing the identity of the military judge and after consultation with defense coun-sel, requests, orally on the record or in writing, a court composed of a military judge alone and the military judge approves the request. ‘‘(d) S
UMMARY COURT -MARTIAL .—A summary court-martial consists of one commissioned offi-cer.’’. 
SEC. 6302. JURISDICTION OF GENERAL COURTS- MARTIAL. 
Section 818 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 18 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘section 816(1)(B) of this title (article 16(1)(B))’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 816(b)(3) of this title (article 16(b)(3))’’; and (2) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) Consistent with sections 819 and 820 of this title (articles 19 and 20), only general courts-martial have jurisdiction over the fol-lowing offenses: ‘‘(1) A violation of subsection (a) or (b) of sec-tion 920 of this title (article 120). ‘‘(2) A violation of subsection (a) or (b) of sec-tion 920b of this title (article 120b). ‘‘(3) An attempt to commit an offense specified in paragraph (1) or (2) that is punishable under section 880 of this title (article 80).’’. 
SEC. 6303. JURISDICTION OF SPECIAL COURTS- MARTIAL. 
Section 819 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 19 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Subject to’’ in the first sen-tence and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Subject to’’; (2) by striking ‘‘A bad-conduct discharge’’ and all that follows through the end; and (3) by adding after subsection (a), as des-ignated by paragraph (1), the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) ADDITIONAL LIMITATION .—Neither a bad- conduct discharge, nor confinement for more than six months, nor forfeiture of pay for more than six months may be adjudged if charges and specifications are referred to a special court- martial consisting of a military judge alone under section 816(c)(2)(A) of this title (article 16(c)(2)(A)). ‘‘(c) M
ILITARY MAGISTRATE .—If charges and specifications are referred to a special court- martial consisting of a military judge alone under section 816(c)(2)(A) of this title (article 16(c)(2)(A)), the military judge, with the consent of the parties, may designate a military mag-istrate to preside over the special court-mar-tial.’’. 
SEC. 6304. SUMMARY COURT-MARTIAL AS NON- CRIMINAL FORUM. 
Section 820 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 20 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) 
IN GENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘Subject to’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) N
ON-CRIMINAL FORUM .—A summary court-martial is a non-criminal forum. A finding of guilty at a summary court-martial does not constitute a criminal conviction.’’. TITLE LXIV—COMPOSITION OF COURTS- MARTIAL 
SEC. 6401. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT RELATING TO PERSONS AUTHORIZED TO CON-VENE GENERAL COURTS-MARTIAL. 
Section 822(a)(6) of title 10, United States Code (article 22(a)(6) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking ‘‘in chief’’. 
SEC. 6402. WHO MAY SERVE ON COURTS-MARTIAL; DETAIL OF MEMBERS. 
(a) W HOMAYSERVE ON COURTS -MARTIAL .— Subsection (c) of section 825 of title 10, United States Code (article 25 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c)(1) Any enlisted member on active duty is eligible to serve on a general or special court- martial for the trial of any other enlisted mem-ber. ‘‘(2) Before a court-martial with a military judge and members is assembled for trial, an en-listed member who is an accused may personally request, orally on the record or in writing, that— ‘‘(A) the membership of the court-martial be comprised entirely of officers; or ‘‘(B) enlisted members comprise at least one- third of the membership of the court-martial, re-gardless of whether enlisted members have been detailed to the court-martial. ‘‘(3) Except as provided in paragraph (4), after such a request, the accused may not be tried by a general or special court-martial if the membership of the court-martial is inconsistent with the request. ‘‘(4) If, because of physical conditions or mili-tary exigencies, a sufficient number of eligible officers or enlisted members, as the case may be, are not available to carry out paragraph (2), the trial may nevertheless be held. In that event, the convening authority shall make a detailed writ-ten statement of the reasons for nonavailability. The statement shall be appended to the record.’’. (b) D
ETAIL OF MEMBERS .—Subsection (d) of such section (article) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The convening authority shall detail not less than the number of members necessary to impanel the court-martial under section 829 of this title (article 29).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2652 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 6403. NUMBER OF COURT-MARTIAL MEM-BERS IN CAPITAL CASES. 
Section 825a of title 10, United States Code (article 25a of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 825a. Art. 25a. Number of court-martial members in capital cases ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In a case in which the ac-cused may be sentenced to death, the number of members shall be 12. ‘‘(b) C
ASENOLONGER CAPITAL .—Subject to section 829 of this title (article 29)— ‘‘(1) if a case is referred for trial as a capital case and, before the members are impaneled, the accused may no longer be sentenced to death, the number of members shall be eight; and ‘‘(2) if a case is referred for trial as a capital case and, after the members are impaneled, the accused may no longer be sentenced to death, the number of members shall remain 12.’’. 
SEC. 6404. DETAILING, QUALIFICATIONS, ETC. OF MILITARY JUDGES. 
(a) S PECIAL COURTS -MARTIAL .—Subsection (a) of section 826 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 26 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by inserting after ‘‘each general’’ the following: ‘‘and special’’; and (2) by striking the second sentence. (b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Subsection (b) of such section (article) is amended by striking ‘‘quali-fied for duty’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified, by rea-son of education, training, experience, and judi-cial temperament, for duty’’. (c) D
ETAIL AND ASSIGNMENT .—Subsection (c) of such section (article) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c)(1) In accordance with regulations pre-scribed under subsection (a), a military judge of a general or special court-martial shall be des-ignated for detail by the Judge Advocate Gen-eral of the armed force of which the military judge is a member. ‘‘(2) Neither the convening authority nor any member of the staff of the convening authority shall prepare or review any report concerning the effectiveness, fitness, or efficiency of the military judge so detailed, which relates to the military judge’s performance of duty as a mili-tary judge. ‘‘(3) A commissioned officer who is certified to be qualified for duty as a military judge of a general court-martial— ‘‘(A) may perform such duties only when the officer is assigned and directly responsible to the Judge Advocate General of the armed force of which the military judge is a member; and ‘‘(B) may perform duties of a judicial or non-judicial nature other than those relating to the officer’s primary duty as a military judge of a general court-martial when such duties are as-signed to the officer by or with the approval of that Judge Advocate General. ‘‘(4) In accordance with regulations prescribed by the President, assignments of military judges under this section (article) shall be for appro-priate minimum periods, subject to such excep-tions as may be authorized in the regulations.’’. (d) D
ETAIL TO A DIFFERENT ARMED FORCE.— Such section (article) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) A military judge may be detailed under subsection (a) to a court-martial that is con-vened in a different armed force, when so per-mitted by the Judge Advocate General of the armed force of which the military judge is a member.’’. (e) C
HIEF TRIAL JUDGES .—Such section (arti-cle), as amended by subsection (d), is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) In accordance with regulations pre-scribed by the President, each Judge Advocate General shall designate a chief trial judge from among the members of the applicable trial judi-ciary.’’. SEC. 6405. QUALIFICATIONS OF TRIAL COUNSEL AND DEFENSE COUNSEL. 
Section 827 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 27 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) in the first sentence of paragraph (2) of subsection (a), by striking ‘‘No person’’ and all that follows through ‘‘trial counsel,’’ the first place it appears and inserting the following: ‘‘No person who, with respect to a case, has served as a preliminary hearing officer, court member, military judge, military magistrate, or appellate judge, may later serve as trial coun-sel,’’; (2) in the first sentence of subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Trial counsel or defense counsel’’ and inserting ‘‘Trial counsel, defense counsel, or as-sistant defense counsel’’; and (3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(c)(1) Defense counsel and assistant defense counsel detailed for a special court-martial shall have the qualifications set forth in subsection (b). ‘‘(2) Trial counsel and assistant trial counsel detailed for a special court-martial and assist-ant trial counsel detailed for a general court- martial must be determined to be competent to perform such duties by the Judge Advocate Gen-eral, under such rules as the President may pre-scribe. ‘‘(d) To the greatest extent practicable, in any capital case, at least one defense counsel shall, as determined by the Judge Advocate General, be learned in the law applicable to such cases. If necessary, this counsel may be a civilian and, if so, may be compensated in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary of De-fense.’’. 
SEC. 6406. ASSEMBLY AND IMPANELING OF MEM-BERS; DETAIL OF NEW MEMBERS AND MILITARY JUDGES. 
Section 829 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 29 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 829. Art. 29. Assembly and impaneling of members; detail of new members and mili-tary judges ‘‘(a) A
SSEMBLY .—The military judge shall an-nounce the assembly of a general or special court-martial with members. After such a court- martial is assembled, no member may be absent, unless the member is excused— ‘‘(1) as a result of a challenge; ‘‘(2) under subsection (b)(1)(B); or ‘‘(3) by order of the military judge or the con-vening authority for disability or other good cause. ‘‘(b) I
MPANELING .—(1) Under rules prescribed by the President, the military judge of a general or special court-martial with members shall— ‘‘(A) after determination of challenges, im-panel the court-martial; and ‘‘(B) excuse the members who, having been as-sembled, are not impaneled. ‘‘(2) In a general court-martial, the military judge shall impanel— ‘‘(A) 12 members in a capital case; and ‘‘(B) eight members in a noncapital case. ‘‘(3) In a special court-martial, the military judge shall impanel four members. ‘‘(c) A
LTERNATE MEMBERS .—In addition to members under subsection (b), the military judge shall impanel alternate members, if the con-vening authority authorizes alternate members. ‘‘(d) D
ETAIL OF NEWMEMBERS .—(1) If, after members are impaneled, the membership of the court-martial is reduced to— ‘‘(A) fewer than 12 members with respect to a general court-martial in a capital case; ‘‘(B) fewer than six members with respect to a general court-martial in a noncapital case; or ‘‘(C) fewer than four members with respect to a special court-martial; the trial may not proceed unless the convening authority details new members and, from among the members so detailed, the military judge im-panels new members sufficient in number to pro-vide the membership specified in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) The membership referred to in paragraph (1) is as follows: ‘‘(A) 12 members with respect to a general court-martial in a capital case. ‘‘(B) At least six but not more than eight mem-bers with respect to a general court-martial in a noncapital case. ‘‘(C) Four members with respect to a special court-martial. ‘‘(e) DETAIL OF NEWMILITARY JUDGE .—If the military judge is unable to proceed with the trial because of disability or otherwise, a new mili-tary judge shall be detailed to the court-martial. ‘‘(f) E
VIDENCE .—(1) In the case of new mem-bers under subsection (d), the trial may proceed with the new members present after the evidence previously introduced is read or, in the case of audiotape, videotape, or similar recording, is played, in the presence of the new members, the military judge, the accused, and counsel for both sides. ‘‘(2) In the case of a new military judge under subsection (e), the trial shall proceed as if no evidence had been introduced, unless the evi-dence previously introduced is read or, in the case of audiotape, videotape, or similar record-ing, is played, in the presence of the new mili-tary judge, the accused, and counsel for both sides.’’. 
SEC. 6407. MILITARY MAGISTRATES. 
Subchapter V of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 826 (article 26 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice) the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 826a. Art. 26a. Military magistrates ‘‘(a) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—A military magistrate shall be a commissioned officer of the armed forces who— ‘‘(1) is a member of the bar of a Federal court or a member of the bar of the highest court of a State; and ‘‘(2) is certified to be qualified, by reason of education, training, experience, and judicial temperament, for duty as a military magistrate by the Judge Advocate General of the armed force of which the officer is a member. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—In accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary concerned, in addi-tion to duties when designated under section 819 of this title (article 19), a military magistrate may be assigned to perform other duties of a nonjudicial nature.’’. TITLE LXV—PRE-TRIAL PROCEDURE 
SEC. 6501. CHARGES AND SPECIFICATIONS. 
Section 830 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 30 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 830. Art. 30. Charges and specifications ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Charges and specifica-tions— ‘‘(1) may be preferred only by a person subject to this chapter; and ‘‘(2) shall be preferred by presentment in writ-ing, signed under oath before a commissioned officer of the armed forces who is authorized to administer oaths. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIRED CONTENT .—The writing under subsection (a) shall state that— ‘‘(1) the signer has personal knowledge of, or has investigated, the matters set forth in the charges and specifications; and ‘‘(2) the charges and specifications are true, to the best of the knowledge and belief of the sign-er. ‘‘(c) D
UTY OF PROPER AUTHORITY .—When charges and specifications are preferred under subsection (a), the proper authority shall, as soon as practicable— ‘‘(1) inform the person accused of the charges and specifications; and ‘‘(2) determine what disposition should be made of the charges and specifications in the in-terest of justice and discipline.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2653 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 6502. PRELIMINARY HEARING REQUIRED BE-FORE REFERRAL TO GENERAL COURT-MARTIAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 832 of title 10, United States Code (article 32 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking the section heading and subsections (a), (b), and (c), and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 832. Art. 32. Preliminary hearing required before referral to general court-martial ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), a preliminary hearing shall be held before referral of charges and spec-ifications for trial by general court-martial. The preliminary hearing shall be conducted by an impartial hearing officer, detailed by the con-vening authority in accordance with subsection (b). ‘‘(B) Under regulations prescribed by the President, a preliminary hearing need not be held if the accused submits a written waiver to the convening authority and the convening au-thority determines that a hearing is not re-quired. ‘‘(2) The issues for determination at a prelimi-nary hearing are limited to the following: ‘‘(A) Whether or not the specification alleges an offense under this chapter. ‘‘(B) Whether or not there is probable cause to believe that the accused committed the offense charged. ‘‘(C) Whether or not the convening authority has court-martial jurisdiction over the accused and over the offense. ‘‘(D) A recommendation as to the disposition that should be made of the case. ‘‘(b) H
EARING OFFICER .—(1) A preliminary hearing under this section shall be conducted by an impartial hearing officer, who— ‘‘(A) whenever practicable, shall be a judge advocate who is certified under section 827(b)(2) of this title (article 27(b)(2)); or ‘‘(B) in exceptional circumstances, shall be an impartial hearing officer, who is not a judge ad-vocate so certified. ‘‘(2) In the case of a hearing officer under paragraph (1)(B), a judge advocate who is cer-tified under section 827(b)(2) of this title (article 27(b)(2)) shall be available to provide legal ad-vice to the hearing officer. ‘‘(3) Whenever practicable, the hearing officer shall be equal in grade or senior in grade to military counsel who are detailed to represent the accused or the Government at the prelimi-nary hearing. ‘‘(c) R
EPORT TO CONVENING AUTHORITY .— After a preliminary hearing under this section, the hearing officer shall submit to the convening authority a written report (accompanied by a recording of the preliminary hearing under sub-section (e)) that includes the following: ‘‘(1) For each specification, a statement of the reasoning and conclusions of the hearing officer with respect to determinations under subsection (a)(2), including a summary of relevant witness testimony and documentary evidence presented at the hearing and any observations of the hearing officer concerning the testimony of wit-nesses and the availability and admissibility of evidence at trial. ‘‘(2) Recommendations for any necessary modifications to the form of the charges or spec-ifications. ‘‘(3) An analysis of any additional informa-tion submitted after the hearing by the parties or by a victim of an offense, that, under such rules as the President may prescribe, is relevant to disposition under sections 830 and 834 of this title (articles 30 and 34). ‘‘(4) A statement of action taken on evidence adduced with respect to uncharged offenses, as described in subsection (f).’’. (b) S
UNDRY AMENDMENTS .—Subsection (d) of such section (article) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ in the first sentence and inserting ‘‘this section’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘in defense’’ and all that follows through the end and insert-ing ‘‘that is relevant to the issues for determina-tion under subsection (a)(2).’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘A declination under this paragraph shall not serve as the sole basis for ordering a deposition under section 849 of this title (article 49).’’; and (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘the limited purposes of the hearing, as provided in sub-section (a)(2).’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘de-terminations under subsection (a)(2).’’. (c) REFERENCE TO MCM.—Subsection (e) of such section (article) is amended by striking ‘‘as prescribed by the Manual for Courts-Martial’’ in the second sentence and inserting ‘‘under such rules as the President may prescribe’’. (d) E
FFECT OF VIOLATION .—Subsection (g) of such section (article) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘A defect in a report under subsection (c) is not a basis for relief if the report is in substantial compliance with that subsection.’’. 
SEC. 6503. DISPOSITION GUIDANCE. 
Section 833 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 33 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 833. Art 33. Disposition guidance ‘‘The President shall direct the Secretary of Defense to issue, in consultation with the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, non-binding guidance re-garding factors that commanders, convening au-thorities, staff judge advocates, and judge advo-cates should take into account when exercising their duties with respect to disposition of charges and specifications in the interest of jus-tice and discipline under sections 830 and 834 of this title (articles 30 and 34). Such guidance shall take into account, with appropriate con-sideration of military requirements, the prin-ciples contained in official guidance of the At-torney General to attorneys for the Government with respect to disposition of Federal criminal cases in accordance with the principle of fair and evenhanded administration of Federal criminal law.’’. 
SEC. 6504. ADVICE TO CONVENING AUTHORITY BEFORE REFERRAL FOR TRIAL. 
Section 834 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 34 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 834. Art. 34. Advice to convening authority before referral for trial ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL COURT -MARTIAL .— ‘‘(1) S
TAFF JUDGE ADVOCATE ADVICE REQUIRED  
BEFORE REFERRAL .—Before referral of charges and specifications to a general court-martial for trial, the convening authority shall submit the matter to the staff judge advocate for advice, which the staff judge advocate shall provide to the convening authority in writing. The con-vening authority may not refer a specification under a charge to a general court-martial unless the staff judge advocate advises the convening authority in writing that— ‘‘(A) the specification alleges an offense under this chapter; ‘‘(B) there is probable cause to believe that the accused committed the offense charged; and ‘‘(C) a court-martial would have jurisdiction over the accused and the offense. ‘‘(2) S
TAFF JUDGE ADVOCATE RECOMMENDATION  
AS TO DISPOSITION .—Together with the written advice provided under paragraph (1), the staff judge advocate shall provide a written rec-ommendation to the convening authority as to the disposition that should be made of the speci-fication in the interest of justice and discipline. ‘‘(3) S
TAFF JUDGE ADVOCATE ADVICE AND REC -
OMMENDATION TO ACCOMPANY REFERRAL .—When a convening authority makes a referral for trial by general court-martial, the written advice of the staff judge advocate under paragraph (1) and the written recommendation of the staff judge advocate under paragraph (2) with re-spect to each specification shall accompany the referral. ‘‘(b) SPECIAL COURT -MARTIAL ; CONVENING AU-
THORITY CONSULTATION WITH JUDGE ADVO-
CATE.—Before referral of charges and specifica-tions to a special court-martial for trial, the convening authority shall consult a judge advo-cate on relevant legal issues. ‘‘(c) G
ENERAL AND SPECIAL COURTS -MARTIAL ; C
ORRECTION OF CHARGES AND SPECIFICATIONS  B
EFORE REFERRAL .—Before referral for trial by general court-martial or special court-martial, changes may be made to charges and specifica-tions— ‘‘(1) to correct errors in form; and ‘‘(2) when applicable, to conform to the sub-stance of the evidence contained in a report under section 832(c) of this title (article 32(c)). ‘‘(d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘referral’ means the order of a convening au-thority that charges and specifications against an accused be tried by a specified court-mar-tial.’’. 
SEC. 6505. SERVICE OF CHARGES AND COM-MENCEMENT OF TRIAL. 
Section 835 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 35 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 835. Art. 35. Service of charges; commence-ment of trial ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Trial counsel detailed for a court-martial under section 827 of this title (arti-cle 27) shall cause to be served upon the accused a copy of the charges and specifications referred for trial. ‘‘(b) C
OMMENCEMENT OF TRIAL.—(1) Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), no trial or other pro-ceeding of a general court-martial or a special court-martial (including any session under sec-tion 839(a) of this title (article 39(a)) may be held over the objection of the accused— ‘‘(A) with respect to a general court-martial, from the time of service through the fifth day after the date of service; or ‘‘(B) with respect to a special court-martial, from the time of service through the third day after the date of service. ‘‘(2) An objection under paragraph (1) may be raised only at the first session of the trial or other proceeding and only if the first session oc-curs before the end of the applicable period under paragraph (1)(A) or (1)(B). If the first session occurs before the end of the applicable period, the military judge shall, at that session, inquire as to whether the defense objects under this subsection. ‘‘(3) This subsection shall not apply in time of war.’’. TITLE LXVI—TRIAL PROCEDURE 
SEC. 6601. DUTIES OF ASSISTANT DEFENSE COUNSEL. 
Subsection (e) of section 838 of title 10, United States Code (article 38 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking ‘‘, under the direction’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(article 27),’’. 
SEC. 6602. SESSIONS. 
Section 839 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 39 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (B) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) holding the arraignment and receiving the pleas of the accused; ‘‘(4) conducting a sentencing proceeding and sentencing the accused; and’’; and (2) in the second sentence of subsection (c), by striking ‘‘, in cases in which a military judge has been detailed to the court,’’. 
SEC. 6603. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT RELATING TO CONTINUANCES. 
Section 840 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 40 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2654 May 17, 2016 
is amended by striking ‘‘court-martial without a military judge’’ and inserting ‘‘summary court- martial’’. 
SEC. 6604. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELAT-ING TO CHALLENGES. 
Section 841 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 41 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘, or, if none, the court,’’ in the second sentence; (2) in subsection (a)(2) by striking ‘‘minimum’’ in the first sentence; and (3) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘min-imum’’. 
SEC. 6605. STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN PERIOD FOR CHILD ABUSE OF-
FENSES .—Subsection (b)(2)(A) of section 843 of title 10, United States Code (article 43 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking ‘‘five years’’ and inserting ‘‘ten years’’. (b) I
NCREASE IN PERIOD FOR FRAUDULENT EN-
LISTMENT OR APPOINTMENT OFFENSES .—Such section (article) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) F
RAUDULENT ENLISTMENT OR APPOINT -
MENT .—A person charged with fraudulent en-listment or fraudulent appointment under sec-tion 904a(1) of this title (article 104a(1)) may be tried by court-martial if the sworn charges and specifications are received by an officer exer-cising summary court-martial jurisdiction with respect to that person, as follows: ‘‘(1) In the case of an enlisted member, during the period of the enlistment or five years, whichever provides a longer period. ‘‘(2) In the case of an officer, during the pe-riod of the appointment or five years, whichever provides a longer period.’’. (c) DNA E
VIDENCE .—Such section (article), as amended by subsection (b), is further amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(i) DNA E
VIDENCE .—If DNA testing impli-cates an identified person in the commission of an offense punishable by confinement for more than one year, no statute of limitations that would otherwise preclude prosecution of the of-fense shall preclude such prosecution until a pe-riod of time following the implication of the per-son by DNA testing has elapsed that is equal to the otherwise applicable limitation period.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such section (article) is further amended in subsection (b)(2)(B) by striking clauses (i) through (v) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) Any offense in violation of section 920, 920a, 920b, 920c, or 930 of this title (article 120, 120a, 120b, 120c, or 130), unless the offense is covered by subsection (a). ‘‘(ii) Maiming in violation of section 928a of this title (article 128a). ‘‘(iii) Aggravated assault, assault con-summated by a battery, or assault with intent to commit specified offenses in violation of section 928 of this title (article 128). ‘‘(iv) Kidnapping in violation of section 925 of this title (article 125).’’. (e) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) shall apply to the prosecution of any offense committed before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this subsection if the applicable limitation period has not yet expired. 
SEC. 6606. FORMER JEOPARDY. 
Subsection (c) of section 844 of title 10, United States Code (article 44 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c)(1) A court-martial with a military judge alone is a trial in the sense of this section (arti-cle) if, without fault of the accused— ‘‘(A) after introduction of evidence; and ‘‘(B) before announcement of findings under section 853 of this title (article 53); the case is dismissed or terminated by the con-vening authority or on motion of the prosecu-tion for failure of available evidence or wit-nesses. ‘‘(2) A court-martial with a military judge and members is a trial in the sense of this section (article) if, without fault of the accused— ‘‘(A) after the members, having taken an oath as members under section 842 of this title (article 42) and after completion of challenges under section 841 of this title (article 41), are impaneled; and ‘‘(B) before announcement of findings under section 853 of this title (article 53); the case is dismissed or terminated by the con-vening authority or on motion of the prosecu-tion for failure of available evidence or wit-nesses.’’. SEC. 6607. PLEAS OF THE ACCUSED. 
(a) P LEAS OF GUILTY .—Subsection (b) of sec-tion 845 of title 10, United States Code (article 45 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘may be adjudged’’ and inserting ‘‘is mandatory’’; and (2) in the second sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘or by a court-martial without a military judge’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘, if permitted by regulations of the Secretary concerned,’’. (b) H
ARMLESS ERROR .—Such section (article) is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) H
ARMLESS ERROR .—A variance from the requirements of this article is harmless error if the variance does not materially prejudice the substantial rights of the accused.’’. 
SEC. 6608. CONTEMPT. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO PUNISH .—Subsection (a) of section 848 of title 10, United States Code (arti-cle 48 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TO PUNISH .—(1) With respect to any proceeding under this chapter, a judicial officer specified in paragraph (2) may punish for contempt any person who— ‘‘(A) uses any menacing word, sign, or gesture in the presence of the judicial officer during the proceeding; ‘‘(B) disturbs the proceeding by any riot or disorder; or ‘‘(C) willfully disobeys a lawful writ, process, order, rule, decree, or command issued with re-spect to the proceeding. ‘‘(2) A judicial officer referred to in paragraph (1) is any of the following: ‘‘(A) Any judge of the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces and any judge of a Court of Criminal Appeals under section 866 of this title (article 66). ‘‘(B) Any military judge detailed to a court- martial, a provost court, a military commission, or any other proceeding under this chapter. ‘‘(C) Any military magistrate designated to preside under section 819 of this title (article 19).’’. (b) R
EVIEW .—Such section (article) is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) R
EVIEW .—A punishment under this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) if imposed by a military judge or military magistrate, may be reviewed by the Court of Criminal Appeals in accordance with the uni-form rules of procedure for the Courts of Crimi-nal Appeals under section 866(g) of this title (ar-ticle 66(g)); and ‘‘(2) if imposed by a judge of the Court of Ap-peals for the Armed Forces or a judge of a Court of Criminal Appeals, shall constitute a judgment of the court, subject to review under the appli-cable provisions of section 867 or 867a of this title (article 67 or 67a).’’. (c) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading for such section (article) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 848. Art. 48. Contempt’’. 
SEC. 6609. DEPOSITIONS. 
Section 849 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 49 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 849. Art. 49. Depositions ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—(1) Subject to paragraph (2), a convening authority or a military judge may order depositions at the request of any party. ‘‘(2) A deposition may be ordered under para-graph (1) only if the requesting party dem-onstrates that, due to exceptional cir-cumstances, it is in the interest of justice that the testimony of a prospective witness be pre-served for use at a court-martial, military com-mission, court of inquiry, or other military court or board. ‘‘(3) A party who requests a deposition under this section shall give to every other party rea-sonable written notice of the time and place for the deposition. ‘‘(4) A deposition under this section shall be taken before, and authenticated by, an impar-tial officer, as follows: ‘‘(A) Whenever practicable, by an impartial judge advocate certified under section 827(b) of this title (article 27(b)). ‘‘(B) In exceptional circumstances, by an im-partial military or civil officer authorized to ad-minister oaths by (i) the laws of the United States or (ii) the laws of the place where the deposition is taken. ‘‘(b) R
EPRESENTATION BY COUNSEL .—Rep- resentation of the parties with respect to a depo-sition shall be by counsel detailed in the same manner as trial counsel and defense counsel are detailed under section 827 of this title (article 27). In addition, the accused shall have the right to be represented by civilian or military counsel in the same manner as such counsel are provided for in section 838(b) of this title (article 38(b)). ‘‘(c) A
DMISSIBILITY AND USE AS EVIDENCE .—A deposition order under subsection (a) does not control the admissibility of the deposition in a court-martial or other proceeding under this chapter. Except as provided by subsection (d), a party may use all or part of a deposition as pro-vided by the rules of evidence. ‘‘(d) C
APITAL CASES.—Testimony by deposi-tion may be presented in capital cases only by the defense.’’. 
SEC. 6610. ADMISSIBILITY OF SWORN TESTIMONY BY AUDIOTAPE OR VIDEOTAPE FROM RECORDS OF COURTS OF INQUIRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 850 of title 10, United States Code (article 50 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
UDIOTAPE OR VIDEOTAPE .—Sworn testi-mony that— ‘‘(1) is recorded by audiotape, videotape, or similar method; and ‘‘(2) is contained in the duly authenticated record of proceedings of a court of inquiry; is admissible before a court-martial, military commission, court of inquiry, or military board, to the same extent as sworn testimony may be read in evidence before any such body under subsection (a), (b), or (c).’’. (b) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading for such section (article) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 850. Art. 50. Admissibility of sworn testi-mony from records of courts of inquiry’’. 
SEC. 6611. CONFORMING AMENDMENT RELATING TO DEFENSE OF LACK OF MENTAL RESPONSIBILITY. 
Section 850a(c) of title 10, United States Code (article 50a(c) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking ‘‘, or the presi-dent of a court-martial without a military judge,’’. 
SEC. 6612. VOTING AND RULINGS. 
Section 851 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 51 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘, and by members of a court-martial without a military judge upon questions of challenge,’’ in the first sentence; (2) in subsection (b)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2655 May 17, 2016 
(A) by striking ‘‘and, except for questions of challenge, the president of a court-martial with-out a military judge’’ in the first sentence; and (B) by striking ‘‘, or by the president’’ in the second sentence and all that follows through the end of the subsection and inserting ‘‘is final and constitutes the ruling of the court, except that the military judge may change a ruling at any time during trial.’’; and (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘or the presi-dent of a court-martial without a military judge’’ in the matter before paragraph (1). 
SEC. 6613. VOTES REQUIRED FOR CONVICTION, SENTENCING, AND OTHER MATTERS. 
Section 852 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 52 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 852. Art. 52. Votes required for conviction, sentencing, and other matters ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—No person may be con-victed of an offense in a general or special court-martial, other than— ‘‘(1) after a plea of guilty under section 845(b) of this title (article 45(b)); ‘‘(2) by a military judge in a court-martial with a military judge alone, under section 816 of this title (article 16); or ‘‘(3) in a court-martial with members under section 816 of this title (article 16), by the con-currence of at least three-fourths of the members present when the vote is taken. ‘‘(b) L
EVEL OF CONCURRENCE REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (a) and in paragraph (2), all matters to be decided by members of a general or special court-martial shall be determined by a majority vote, but a reconsideration of a finding of guilty or reconsideration of a sentence, with a view to-ward decreasing the sentence, may be made by any lesser vote which indicates that the recon-sideration is not opposed by the number of votes required for that finding or sentence. ‘‘(2) S
ENTENCING .—A sentence of death re-quires (A) a unanimous finding of guilty of an offense in this chapter expressly made punish-able by death and (B) a unanimous determina-tion by the members that the sentence for that offense shall include death. All other sentences imposed by members shall be determined by the concurrence of at least three-fourths of the members present when the vote is taken.’’. 
SEC. 6614. PLEA AGREEMENTS. 
Subchapter VII of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 853 (article 53 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) the following: ‘‘§ 853a. Art. 53a. Plea agreements ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) At any time before the announcement of findings under section 853 of this title (article 53), the convening authority and the accused may enter into a plea agree-ment with respect to such matters as— ‘‘(A) the manner in which the convening au-thority will dispose of one or more charges and specifications; and ‘‘(B) limitations on the sentence that may be adjudged for one or more charges and specifica-tions. ‘‘(2) The military judge of a general or special court-martial may not participate in discussions between the parties concerning prospective terms and conditions of a plea agreement. ‘‘(b) A
CCEPTANCE OF PLEAAGREEMENT .—Sub- ject to subsection (c), the military judge of a general or special court-martial shall accept a plea agreement submitted by the parties, except that the military judge may reject a plea agree-ment that proposes a sentence if the military judge determines that the proposed sentence is plainly unreasonable. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON ACCEPTANCE OF PLEA A
GREEMENTS .—The military judge of a general or special court-martial shall reject a plea agree-ment that— ‘‘(1) contains a provision that has not been accepted by both parties; ‘‘(2) contains a provision that is not under-stood by the accused; or ‘‘(3) except as provided in subsection (d), con-tains a provision for a sentence that is less than the mandatory minimum sentence applicable to an offense referred to in section 856(b)(2) of this title (article 56(b)(2)). ‘‘(d) LIMITED CONDITIONS FOR ACCEPTANCE OF  P
LEAAGREEMENT FOR SENTENCE BELOW MANDA -
TORY MINIMUM FOR CERTAIN OFFENSES .—With respect to an offense referred to in section 856(b)(2) of this title (article 56(b)(2))— ‘‘(1) the military judge may accept a plea agreement that provides for a sentence of bad conduct discharge; and ‘‘(2) upon recommendation of the trial coun-sel, in exchange for substantial assistance by the accused in the investigation or prosecution of another person who has committed an of-fense, the military judge may accept a plea agreement that provides for a sentence that is less than the mandatory minimum sentence for the offense charged. ‘‘(e) B
INDING EFFECT OF PLEAAGREEMENT .— Upon acceptance by the military judge of a gen-eral or special court-martial, a plea agreement shall bind the parties and the military judge.’’. 
SEC. 6615. RECORD OF TRIAL. 
Section 854 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 54 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL AND SPECIAL COURTS -MAR-
TIAL.—Each general or special court-martial shall keep a separate record of the proceedings in each case brought before it. The record shall be certified by a court-reporter, except that in the case of death, disability, or absence of a court reporter, the record shall be certified by an official selected as the President may pre-scribe by regulation.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘(b) Each special and sum-mary court-martial’’ and inserting‘‘(b) SUM-MARY COURT-MARTIAL.—Each summary court-martial’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘authenticated’’ and inserting ‘‘certified’’; (3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) C
ONTENTS OF RECORD .—(1) Except as pro-vided in paragraph (2), the record shall contain such matters as the President may prescribe by regulation. ‘‘(2) In accordance with regulations prescribed by the President, a complete record of pro-ceedings and testimony shall be prepared in any case of a sentence of death, dismissal, discharge, confinement for more than six months, or for-feiture of pay for more than six months.’’. (4) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘(d) A copy’’ and inserting ‘‘(d) EVIDENCE.—A copy’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘authenticated’’ and inserting ‘‘certified’’; and (5) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘involving a sexual assault or other offense covered by section 920 of this title (article 120)’’ in the first sentence and inserting ‘‘upon request,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘authenticated’’ in the second sentence and inserting ‘‘certified’’. TITLE LXVII—SENTENCES 
SEC. 6701. SENTENCING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 856 of title 10, United States Code (article 56 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 856. Art. 56. Sentencing ‘‘(a) S
ENTENCE MAXIMUMS .—The punishment which a court-martial may direct for an offense may not exceed such limits as the President may prescribe for that offense. ‘‘(b) S
ENTENCE MINIMUMS FOR CERTAIN OF-
FENSES .—(1) Except as provided in subsection (d) of section 853a of this title (article 53a), pun-ishment for any offense specified in paragraph (2) shall include dismissal or dishonorable dis-charge, as applicable. ‘‘(2) The offenses referred to in paragraph (1) are as follows: ‘‘(A) Rape under subsection (a) of section 920 of this title (article 120). ‘‘(B) Sexual assault under subsection (b) of such section (article). ‘‘(C) Rape of a child under subsection (a) of section 920b of this title (article 120b). ‘‘(D) Sexual assault of a child under sub-section (b) of such section (article). ‘‘(E) An attempt to commit an offense speci-fied in subparagraph (A), (B), (C), or (D) that is punishable under section 880 of this title (arti-cle 80). ‘‘(c) IMPOSITION OF SENTENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In sentencing an accused under section 853 of this title (article 53), a court-martial shall impose punishment that is sufficient, but not greater than necessary, to promote justice and to maintain good order and discipline in the armed forces, taking into con-sideration— ‘‘(A) the nature and circumstances of the of-fense and the history and characteristics of the accused; ‘‘(B) the impact of the offense on— ‘‘(i) the financial, social, psychological, or medical well-being of any victim of the offense; and ‘‘(ii) the mission, discipline, or efficiency of the command of the accused and any victim of the offense; ‘‘(C) the need for the sentence— ‘‘(i) to reflect the seriousness of the offense; ‘‘(ii) to promote respect for the law; ‘‘(iii) to provide just punishment for the of-fense; ‘‘(iv) to promote adequate deterrence of mis-conduct; ‘‘(v) to protect others from further crimes by the accused; ‘‘(vi) to rehabilitate the accused; and ‘‘(vii) to provide, in appropriate cases, the op-portunity for retraining and return to duty to meet the needs of the service; and ‘‘(D) the sentences available under this chap-ter. ‘‘(2) O
FFENSE BASED SENTENCING IN GENERAL  
AND SPECIAL COURTS -MARTIAL .—In announcing the sentence under section 853 of this title (arti-cle 53) in a general or special court-martial, the court-martial shall, with respect to each offense of which the accused is found guilty, specify the term of confinement, if any, and the amount of the fine, if any. If the accused is sentenced to confinement for more than one offense, the court-martial shall specify whether the terms of confinement are to run consecutively or concur-rently. ‘‘(3) S
ENTENCE OF CONFINEMENT FOR LIFE  
WITHOUT ELIGIBILITY FOR PAROLE .—(A) If an of-fense is subject to a sentence of confinement for life, a court-martial may impose a sentence of confinement for life without eligibility for pa-role. ‘‘(B) An accused who is sentenced to confine-ment for life without eligibility for parole shall be confined for the remainder of the accused’s life unless— ‘‘(i) the sentence is set aside or otherwise modified as a result of— ‘‘(I) action taken by the convening authority or the Secretary concerned; or ‘‘(II) any other action taken during post-trial procedure and review under any other provision of subchapter IX of this chapter; ‘‘(ii) the sentence is set aside or otherwise modified as a result of action taken by a Court of Criminal Appeals, the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, or the Supreme Court; or ‘‘(iii) the accused is pardoned. ‘‘(d) A
PPEAL OF SENTENCE BY THE UNITED  S
TATES .—(1) With the approval of the Judge Ad-vocate General concerned, the Government may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2656 May 17, 2016 
appeal a sentence to the Court of Criminal Ap-peals, on the grounds that— ‘‘(A) the sentence violates the law; or ‘‘(B) the sentence is plainly unreasonable. ‘‘(2) An appeal under this subsection must be filed within 60 days after the date on which the judgment of a court-martial is entered into the record under section 860c of this title (article 60c).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 856a of title 10, United States Code (article 56a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is repealed. 
SEC. 6701A. MINIMUM CONFINEMENT PERIOD RE-QUIRED FOR CONVICTION OF CER-TAIN SEX-RELATED OFFENSES COM-MITTED BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) M ANDATORY PUNISHMENTS .—Subsection (b)(1) of section 856 of title 10, United States Code (article 56 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 6701, is further amended by striking ‘‘shall include dismissal or dishonorable discharge, as applicable.’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘shall include, at a min-imum— ‘‘(A) dismissal or dishonorable discharge, as applicable; and ‘‘(B) confinement for two years.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION OF AMENDMENT .—Subpara- graph (B) of paragraph (1) of section 856(b) of title 10, United States Code (article 56(b) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by subsection (a), shall apply to offenses specified in paragraph (2) of such section committed on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6702. EFFECTIVE DATE OF SENTENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 857 of title 10, United States Code (article 57 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 857. Art. 57. Effective date of sentences ‘‘(a) E
XECUTION OF SENTENCES .—A court-mar-tial sentence shall be executed and take effect as follows: ‘‘(1) F
ORFEITURE AND REDUCTION .—A for- feiture of pay or allowances shall be applicable to pay and allowances accruing on and after the date on which the sentence takes effect. Any forfeiture of pay or allowances or reduction in grade that is included in a sentence of a court- martial takes effect on the earlier of— ‘‘(A) the date that is 14 days after the date on which the sentence is adjudged; or ‘‘(B) in the case of a summary court-martial, the date on which the sentence is approved by the convening authority. ‘‘(2) C
ONFINEMENT .—Any period of confine-ment included in a sentence of a court-martial begins to run from the date the sentence is ad-judged by the court-martial, but periods during which the sentence to confinement is suspended or deferred shall be excluded in computing the service of the term of confinement. ‘‘(3) A
PPROVAL OF SENTENCE OF DEATH .—If the sentence of the court-martial extends to death, that part of the sentence providing for death may not be executed until approved by the President. In such a case, the President may commute, remit, or suspend the sentence, or any part thereof, as the President sees fit. That part of the sentence providing for death may not be suspended. ‘‘(4) A
PPROVAL OF DISMISSAL .—If in the case of a commissioned officer, cadet, or midshipman, the sentence of a court-martial extends to dis-missal, that part of the sentence providing for dismissal may not be executed until approved by the Secretary concerned or such Under Sec-retary or Assistant Secretary as may be des-ignated by the Secretary concerned. In such a case, the Secretary, Under Secretary, or Assist-ant Secretary, as the case may be, may com-mute, remit, or suspend the sentence, or any part of the sentence, as the Secretary sees fit. In time of war or national emergency he may com-mute a sentence of dismissal to reduction to any enlisted grade. A person so reduced may be re-quired to serve for the duration of the war or emergency and six months thereafter. ‘‘(5) COMPLETION OF APPELLATE REVIEW .—If a sentence extends to death, dismissal, or a dis-honorable or bad-conduct discharge, that part of the sentence extending to death, dismissal, or a dishonorable or bad-conduct discharge may be executed, in accordance with service regula-tions, after completion of appellate review (and, with respect to death or dismissal, approval under paragraph (3) or (4), as appropriate). ‘‘(6) O
THER SENTENCES .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, a general or special court-martial sentence is effective upon entry of judgment and a summary court-martial sentence is effective when the convening authority acts on the sentence. ‘‘(b) D
EFERRAL OF SENTENCES .—(1) On appli-cation by an accused, the convening authority or, if the accused is no longer under his jurisdic-tion, the officer exercising general court-martial jurisdiction over the command to which the ac-cused is currently assigned, may, in his or her sole discretion, defer the effective date of a sen-tence of confinement, reduction, or forfeiture. The deferment shall terminate upon entry of judgment or, in the case of a summary court- martial, when the convening authority acts on the sentence. The deferment may be rescinded at any time by the officer who granted it or, if the accused is no longer under his jurisdiction, by the officer exercising general court-martial juris-diction over the command to which the accused is currently assigned. ‘‘(2) In any case in which a court-martial sen-tences a person referred to in paragraph (3) to confinement, the convening authority may defer the service of the sentence to confinement, with-out the consent of that person, until after the person has been permanently released to the armed forces by a State or foreign country re-ferred to in that paragraph. ‘‘(3) Paragraph (2) applies to a person subject to this chapter who— ‘‘(A) while in the custody of a State or foreign country is temporarily returned by that State or foreign country to the armed forces for trial by court-martial; and ‘‘(B) after the court-martial, is returned to that State or foreign country under the author-ity of a mutual agreement or treaty, as the case may be. ‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘State’ in-cludes the District of Columbia and any Com-monwealth, territory, or possession of the United States. ‘‘(5) In any case in which a court-martial sen-tences a person to confinement, but in which re-view of the case under section 867(a)(2) of this title (article 67(a)(2)) is pending, the Secretary concerned may defer further service of the sen-tence to confinement while that review is pend-ing. ‘‘(c) A
PPELLATE REVIEW .—(1) Appellate review is complete under this section when— ‘‘(A) a review under section 865 of this title (article 65) is completed; or ‘‘(B) a review under section 866 of this title (article 66) is completed by a Court of Criminal Appeals and— ‘‘(i) the time for the accused to file a petition for review by the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces has expired and the accused has not filed a timely petition for such review and the case is not otherwise under review by that Court; ‘‘(ii) such a petition is rejected by the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces; or ‘‘(iii) review is completed in accordance with the judgment of the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces and— ‘‘(I) a petition for a writ of certiorari is not filed within the time limits prescribed by the Su-preme Court; ‘‘(II) such a petition is rejected by the Su-preme Court; or ‘‘(III) review is otherwise completed in accord-ance with the judgment of the Supreme Court. ‘‘(2) The completion of appellate review shall constitute a final judgment as to the legality of the proceedings.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—(1) Sub- chapter VIII of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking section 857a (article 57a of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). (2) Subchapter IX of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking sec-tion 871 (article 71 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice). (3) The second sentence of subsection (a)(1) of section 858b of title 10, United States Code (arti-cle 58b of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking ‘‘section 857(a) of this title (article 57(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 857 of this title (article 57)’’. 
SEC. 6703. SENTENCE OF REDUCTION IN EN-LISTED GRADE. 
Section 858a of title 10, United States Code (article 58a of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Unless otherwise provided in regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary concerned, a’’ and inserting ‘‘A’’; (B) by striking ‘‘as approved by the convening authority’’ and inserting ‘‘as set forth in the judgment of the court-martial entered into the record under section 860c of this title (article 60c)’’; and (C) in the matter after paragraph (3), by strik-ing ‘‘of that approval’’ and inserting ‘‘on which the judgment is so entered’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘disapproved, or, as finally approved’’ and inserting ‘‘reduced, or, as finally affirmed’’. TITLE LXVIII—POST-TRIAL PROCEDURE AND REVIEW OF COURTS-MARTIAL 
SEC. 6801. POST-TRIAL PROCESSING IN GENERAL AND SPECIAL COURTS-MARTIAL. 
Section 860 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 60 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 860. Art. 60. Post-trial processing in general and special courts-martial ‘‘(a) S
TATEMENT OF TRIAL RESULTS .—(1) The military judge of a general or special court-mar-tial shall enter into the record of trial a docu-ment entitled ‘Statement of Trial Results’, which shall set forth— ‘‘(A) each plea and finding; ‘‘(B) the sentence, if any; and ‘‘(C) such other information as the President may prescribe by regulation. ‘‘(2) Copies of the Statement of Trial Results shall be provided promptly to the convening au-thority, the accused, and any victim of the of-fense. ‘‘(b) P
OST-TRIAL MOTIONS .—In accordance with regulations prescribed by the President, the military judge in a general or special court-mar-tial shall address all post-trial motions and other post-trial matters that— ‘‘(1) may affect a plea, a finding, the sen-tence, the Statement of Trial Results, the record of trial, or any post-trial action by the con-vening authority; and ‘‘(2) are subject to resolution by the military judge before entry of judgment.’’. 
SEC. 6802. LIMITED AUTHORITY TO ACT ON SEN-TENCE IN SPECIFIED POST-TRIAL CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Subchapter IX of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 860 (article 60 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), as amended by section 6801, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 860a. Art. 60a. Limited authority to act on sentence in specified post-trial cir-cumstances ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) The convening author-ity of a general or special court-martial de-scribed in paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) may act on the sentence of the court- martial only as provided in subsection (b), (c), or (d); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2657 May 17, 2016 
‘‘(B) may not act on the findings of the court- martial. ‘‘(2) The courts-martial referred to in para-graph (1) are the following: ‘‘(A) A general or special court-martial in which the maximum sentence of confinement es-tablished under subsection (a) of section 856 of this title (article 56) for any offense of which the accused is found guilty is more than two years. ‘‘(B) A general or special court-martial in which the total of the sentences of confinement imposed, running consecutively, is more than six months. ‘‘(C) A general or special court-martial in which the sentence imposed includes a dis-missal, dishonorable discharge, or bad-conduct discharge. ‘‘(D) A general or special court-martial in which the accused is found guilty of a violation of subsection (a) or (b) of section 920 of this title (article 120), section 920b of this title (article 120b), or such other offense as the Secretary of Defense may specify by regulation. ‘‘(3) Except as provided in subsection (d), the convening authority may act under this section only before entry of judgment. ‘‘(4) Under regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary concerned, a commissioned officer com-manding for the time being, a successor in com-mand, or any person exercising general court- martial jurisdiction may act under this section in place of the convening authority. ‘‘(b) R
EDUCTION , COMMUTATION , ANDSUSPEN -
SION OF SENTENCES GENERALLY .—(1) Except as provided in subsection (c) or (d), the convening authority may not reduce, commute, or suspend any of the following sentences: ‘‘(A) A sentence of confinement, if the total period of confinement imposed for all offenses involved, running consecutively, is greater than six months. ‘‘(B) A sentence of dismissal, dishonorable dis-charge, or bad-conduct discharge. ‘‘(C) A sentence of death. ‘‘(2) The convening authority may reduce, commute, or suspend any sentence not specified in paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) S
USPENSION OF CERTAIN SENTENCES UPON R
ECOMMENDATION OF MILITARY JUDGE .—(1) Upon recommendation of the military judge, as included in the Statement of Trial Results, to-gether with an explanation of the facts sup-porting the recommendation, the convening au-thority may suspend— ‘‘(A) a sentence of confinement, in whole or in part; or ‘‘(B) a sentence of dismissal, dishonorable dis-charge, or bad-conduct discharge. ‘‘(2) The convening authority may not, under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) suspend a mandatory minimum sentence; or ‘‘(B) suspend a sentence to an extent in excess of the suspension recommended by the military judge. ‘‘(d) R
EDUCTION OF SENTENCE FOR SUBSTAN -
TIAL ASSISTANCE BY ACCUSED .—(1) Upon a rec-ommendation by the trial counsel, if the ac-cused, after sentencing and before entry of judg-ment, provides substantial assistance in the in-vestigation or prosecution of another person, the convening authority may reduce, commute, or suspend a sentence, in whole or in part, includ-ing any mandatory minimum sentence. ‘‘(2) Upon a recommendation by a trial coun-sel, designated in accordance with rules pre-scribed by the President, if the accused, after entry of judgment, provides substantial assist-ance in the investigation or prosecution of an-other person, a convening authority, designated under such regulations, may reduce, commute, or suspend a sentence, in whole or in part, in-cluding any mandatory minimum sentence. ‘‘(3) In evaluating whether the accused has provided substantial assistance under this sub-section, the convening authority may consider the presentence assistance of the accused. ‘‘(e) S
UBMISSIONS BY ACCUSED AND VICTIM .— (1) In accordance with rules prescribed by the President, in determining whether to act under this section, the convening authority shall con-sider matters submitted in writing by the ac-cused or any victim of an offense. Such rules shall include— ‘‘(A) procedures for notice of the opportunity to make such submissions; ‘‘(B) the deadlines for such submissions; and ‘‘(C) procedures for providing the accused and any victim of an offense with a copy of the re-cording of any open sessions of the court-mar-tial and copies of, or access to, any admitted, unsealed exhibits. ‘‘(2) The convening authority shall not con-sider under this section any submitted matters that relate to the character of a victim unless such matters were presented as evidence at trial and not excluded at trial. ‘‘(f) DECISION OF CONVENING AUTHORITY .—(1) The decision of the convening authority under this section shall be forwarded to the military judge, with copies provided to the accused and to any victim of the offense. ‘‘(2) If, under this section, the convening au-thority reduces, commutes, or suspends the sen-tence, the decision of the convening authority shall include a written explanation of the rea-sons for such action. ‘‘(3) If, under subsection (d)(2), the convening authority reduces, commutes, or suspends the sentence, the decision of the convening author-ity shall be forwarded to the chief trial judge for appropriate modification of the entry of judg-ment, which shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General for appropriate action.’’. 
SEC. 6803. POST-TRIAL ACTIONS IN SUMMARY COURTS-MARTIAL AND CERTAIN GENERAL AND SPECIAL COURTS- MARTIAL. 
Subchapter IX of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 860a (article 60a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 6802, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 860b. Art. 60b. Post-trial actions in sum-mary courts-martial and certain general and special courts-martial ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) In a court-martial not specified in subsection (a)(2) of section 860a of this title (article 60a), the convening authority may— ‘‘(A) dismiss any charge or specification by setting aside the finding of guilty; ‘‘(B) change a finding of guilty to a charge or specification to a finding of guilty to a lesser in-cluded offense; ‘‘(C) disapprove the findings and the sentence and dismiss the charges and specifications; ‘‘(D) disapprove the findings and the sentence and order a rehearing as to the findings and the sentence; ‘‘(E) disapprove, commute, or suspend the sen-tence, in whole or in part; or ‘‘(F) disapprove the sentence and order a re-hearing as to the sentence. ‘‘(2) In a summary court-martial, the con-vening authority shall approve the sentence or take other action on the sentence under para-graph (1). ‘‘(3) Except as provided in paragraph (4), the convening authority may act under this section only before entry of judgment. ‘‘(4) The convening authority may act under this section after entry of judgment in a general or special court-martial in the same manner as the convening authority may act under sub-section (d)(2) of section 860a of this title (article 60a). Such action shall be forwarded to the chief trial judge, who shall ensure appropriate modi-fication to the entry of judgment and shall transmit the entry of judgment to the Judge Ad-vocate General for appropriate action. ‘‘(5) Under regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary concerned, a commissioned officer com-manding for the time being, a successor in com-mand, or any person exercising general court- martial jurisdiction may act under this section in place of the convening authority. ‘‘(b) LIMITATIONS ON REHEARINGS .—The con- vening authority may not order a rehearing under this section— ‘‘(1) as to the findings, if there is insufficient evidence in the record to support the findings; ‘‘(2) to reconsider a finding of not guilty of any specification or a ruling which amounts to a finding of not guilty; or ‘‘(3) to reconsider a finding of not guilty of any charge, unless there has been a finding of guilty under a specification laid under that charge, which sufficiently alleges a violation of some article of this chapter. ‘‘(c) S
UBMISSIONS BY ACCUSED AND VICTIM .— In accordance with rules prescribed by the President, in determining whether to act under this section, the convening authority shall con-sider matters submitted in writing by the ac-cused or any victim of the offense. Such rules shall include the matter required by subsection (e) of section 860a of this title (article 60a). ‘‘(d) D
ECISION OF CONVENING AUTHORITY .—(1) In a general or special court-martial, the deci-sion of the convening authority under this sec-tion shall be forwarded to the military judge, with copies provided to the accused and to any victim of the offense. ‘‘(2) If the convening authority acts on the findings or the sentence under subsection (a)(1), the decision of the convening authority shall in-clude a written explanation of the reasons for such action.’’. 
SEC. 6804. ENTRY OF JUDGMENT. 
Subchapter IX of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 860b (article 60b of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 903, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 860c. Art. 60c. Entry of judgment ‘‘(a) E
NTRY OF JUDGMENT OF GENERAL OR SPE-
CIAL COURT -MARTIAL .—(1) In accordance with rules prescribed by the President, in a general or special court-martial, the military judge shall enter into the record of trial the judgment of the court. The judgment of the court shall consist of the following: ‘‘(A) The Statement of Trial Results under section 860 of this title (article 60). ‘‘(B) Any modifications of, or supplements to, the Statement of Trial Results by reason of— ‘‘(i) any post-trial action by the convening authority; or ‘‘(ii) any ruling, order, or other determination of the military judge that affects a plea, a find-ing, or the sentence. ‘‘(2) Under rules prescribed by the President, the judgment under paragraph (1) shall be— ‘‘(A) provided to the accused and to any vic-tim of the offense; and ‘‘(B) made available to the public. ‘‘(b) S
UMMARY COURT -MARTIAL JUDGMENT .— The findings and sentence of a summary court- martial, as modified by any post-trial action by the convening authority under section 860b of this title (article 60b), constitutes the judgment of the court-martial and shall be recorded and distributed under rules prescribed by the Presi-dent.’’. 
SEC. 6805. WAIVER OF RIGHT TO APPEAL AND WITHDRAWAL OF APPEAL. 
Section 861 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 61 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 861. Art. 61. Waiver of right to appeal; with-drawal of appeal ‘‘(a) W
AIVER OF RIGHT TO APPEAL .—After entry of judgment in a general or special court- martial, under procedures prescribed by the Sec-retary concerned, the accused may waive the right to appellate review in each case subject to such review under section 866 (article 66). Such a waiver shall be— ‘‘(1) signed by the accused and by defense counsel; and ‘‘(2) attached to the record of trial. ‘‘(b) W
ITHDRAWAL OF APPEAL .—In a general or special court-martial, the accused may with-draw an appeal at any time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2658 May 17, 2016 
‘‘(c) D EATH PENALTY CASEEXCEPTION .—Not- withstanding subsections (a) and (b), an ac-cused may not waive the right to appeal or withdraw an appeal with respect to a judgment that includes a sentence of death. ‘‘(d) W
AIVER OR WITHDRAWAL AS BAR.—A waiver or withdrawal under this section bars re-view under section 866 of this title (article 66).’’. 
SEC. 6806. APPEAL BY THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 862 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 62 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) of subsection (a)— (A) in the matter before subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘court-martial’’ and all that follows through the colon at the end and inserting ‘‘general or special court-martial, the United States may appeal the following:’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) An order or ruling of the military judge entering a finding of not guilty with respect to a charge or specification following the return of a finding of guilty by the members.’’; (2) in paragraph (2) of subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2)(A)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) An appeal of an order or ruling may not be taken when prohibited by section 844 of this title (article 44).’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) The United States may appeal a ruling or order of a military magistrate in the same man-ner as had the ruling or order been made by a military judge, except that the issue shall first be presented to the military judge who des-ignated the military magistrate or to a military judge detailed to hear the issue. ‘‘(e) The provisions of this article shall be lib-erally construed to effect its purposes.’’. 
SEC. 6807. REHEARINGS. 
Section 863 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 63 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a)’’ before ‘‘Each rehear-ing’’; (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘may be approved’’ and inserting ‘‘may be adjudged’’; (3) by striking the third sentence; and (4) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) If the sentence adjudged by the first court-martial was in accordance with a plea agreement under section 853a of this title (arti-cle 53a) and the accused at the rehearing does not comply with the agreement, or if a plea of guilty was entered for an offense at the first court-martial and a plea of not guilty was en-tered at the rehearing, the sentence as to those charges or specifications may include any pun-ishment not in excess of that which could have been adjudged at the first court-martial. ‘‘(c) If, after appeal by the Government under section 856(d) of this title (article 56(d)), the sen-tence adjudged is set aside and a rehearing on sentence is ordered by the Court of Criminal Ap-peals or Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, the court-martial may impose any sentence that is in accordance with the order or ruling setting aside the adjudged sentence.’’. 
SEC. 6808. JUDGE ADVOCATE REVIEW OF FINDING OF GUILTY IN SUMMARY COURT- MARTIAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 864 of title 10, United States Code (article 64 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking the first two sentences and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Under regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary concerned, each sum-mary court-martial in which there is a finding of guilty shall be reviewed by a judge advocate. A judge advocate may not review a case under this subsection if the judge advocate has acted in the same case as an accuser, preliminary hearing officer, member of the court, military judge, or counsel or has otherwise acted on be-half of the prosecution or defense.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—(1) The heading for such section (arti-cle) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 864. Art. 64. Judge advocate review of find-ing of guilty in summary court-martial’’. (2) Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(b) The record’’ and inserting ‘‘R
ECORD .—The record’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (1); (C) by striking paragraph (2); and (D) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). (3) Subsection (c)(3) of such section (article) is amended by striking ‘‘section 869(b) of this title (article 69(b)).’’ and inserting ‘‘section 869 of this title (article 69).’’. 
SEC. 6809. TRANSMITTAL AND REVIEW OF RECORDS. 
Section 865 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 65 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 865. Art. 65. Transmittal and review of records ‘‘(a) T
RANSMITTAL OF RECORDS .—(1) If the judgment of a general or special court-martial entered under section 860c of this title (article 60c) includes a finding of guilty, the record shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General. ‘‘(2) In all other cases, records of trial by court-martial and related documents shall be transmitted and disposed of as the Secretary concerned may prescribe by regulation. ‘‘(b) R
EVIEW BY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL .— ‘‘(1) B
Y WHOM .—A review conducted under this subsection may be conducted by an attor-ney within the Office of the Judge Advocate General or another attorney designated under regulations prescribed by the Secretary con-cerned. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW OF CASES NOT ELIGIBLE FOR AP -
PELLATE REVIEW BY A COURT OF CRIMINAL AP -
PEALS .— ‘‘(A) A review under subparagraph (B) shall be completed in each general and special court- martial that is not eligible for appellate review under paragraph (1) or (2) of section 866(b) of this title (article 66(b)). ‘‘(B) A review referred to in subparagraph (A) shall include a written decision providing each of the following: ‘‘(i) A conclusion as to whether the court had jurisdiction over the accused and the offense. ‘‘(ii) A conclusion as to whether the charge and specification stated an offense. ‘‘(iii) A conclusion as to whether the sentence was within the limits prescribed as a matter of law. ‘‘(iv) A response to each allegation of error made in writing by the accused. ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW WHEN APPELLATE REVIEW BY A  
COURT OF CRIMINAL APPEALS IS WAIVED OR WITH -
DRAWN .— ‘‘(A) A review under subparagraph (B) shall be completed in each general and special court- martial if the accused waives the right to appel-late review or withdraws appeal under section 861 of this title (article 61). ‘‘(B) A review referred to in subparagraph (A) shall include a written decision limited to pro-viding conclusions on the matters specified in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of paragraph (2)(B). ‘‘(c) R
EMEDY .—(1) If after a review of a record under subsection (b), the attorney conducting the review believes corrective action may be re-quired, the record shall be forwarded to the Judge Advocate General, who may set aside the findings or sentence, in whole or in part. ‘‘(2) In setting aside findings or sentence, the Judge Advocate General may order a rehearing, except that a rehearing may not be ordered in violation of section 844 of this title (article 44). ‘‘(3)(A) If the Judge Advocate General sets aside findings and sentence and does not order a rehearing, the Judge Advocate General shall dismiss the charges. ‘‘(B) If the Judge Advocate General sets aside findings and orders a rehearing and the con-vening authority determines that a rehearing would be impractical, the convening authority shall dismiss the charges.’’. SEC. 6810. COURTS OF CRIMINAL APPEALS. 
(a) A PPELLATE MILITARY JUDGES .—Subsection (a) of section 866 of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (article 66 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘sub-section (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (g)’’; (2) in the fourth sentence, by inserting after ‘‘highest court of a State’’ the following: ‘‘and must be certified by the Judge Advocate General as qualified, by reason of education, training, experience, and judicial temperament, for duty as an appellate military judge’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘In accordance with regulations pre-scribed by the President, assignments of appel-late military judges under this section (article) shall be for appropriate minimum periods, sub-ject to such exceptions as may be authorized in the regulations.’’. (b) R
EVISION OF APPELLATE PROCEDURES .— Such section (article) is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e), (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (f), (g), (h), and (i), re-spectively; and (2) by striking subsections (b), (c), and (d) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) R
EVIEW .—(1) The Judge Advocate Gen-eral shall refer to a Court of Criminal Appeals the record in any of the following cases of trial by court-martial: ‘‘(A) A case in which the judgment entered into the record under section 860c of this title (article 60c) includes a sentence of death, dis-missal of a commissioned officer, cadet, or mid-shipman, dishonorable or bad-conduct dis-charge, or confinement for more than six months. ‘‘(B) A case in which the Government pre-viously filed an appeal under sections 856(d) or 862 of this title (articles 56(d) or 62). ‘‘(C) A case in which the right to appellate re-view has not been waived or an appeal has not been withdrawn under section 861 of this title (article 61), except in the case of a sentence ex-tending to death. ‘‘(2) A Court of Criminal Appeals shall have jurisdiction to review the judgment of a court- martial, entered into the record under section 860c of this title (article 60c), in a case in which the accused filed an application for review with the Court under section 869(d)(1)(B) of this title (article 69(d)(1)(B)) and the application has been granted by the Court. ‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—(1) In a case referred to it, the Court of Criminal Appeals may act only with re-spect to the findings and sentence as entered into the record under section 860c of this title (article 60c). It may affirm only such findings of guilty, and the sentence or such part or amount of the sentence, as it finds correct in law and fact and determines, on the basis of the entire record, should be approved. In considering the record, it may weigh the evidence, judge the credibility of witnesses, and determine con-troverted questions of fact, recognizing that the trial court saw and heard the witnesses. ‘‘(2) In any case before the Court of Criminal Appeals under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b), the Court may provide appropriate relief if the accused demonstrates error or excessive delay in the processing of the court-martial after the judgment was entered into the record under section 860c of this title (article 60c). ‘‘(3) In review of a sentence to death or to life in prison without eligibility for parole deter-mined by the members in a capital case under section 853 of this title (article 53), the Court of Criminal Appeals must consider whether the sentence is otherwise appropriate, under rules prescribed by the President. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2659 May 17, 2016 
‘‘(4) If the Court of Criminal Appeals sets aside the findings and sentence, it may, except where the setting aside is based on lack of suffi-cient evidence in the record to support the find-ings, order a rehearing. If it sets aside the find-ings and sentence and does not order a rehear-ing, it shall order that the charges be dismissed. ‘‘(d) C
ONSIDERATION OF APPEAL OF SENTENCE  
BY THE UNITED STATES .—(1) In considering a sentence on appeal, other than as provided in section 856(d) of this title (article 56(d)), the Court of Criminal Appeals may consider— ‘‘(A) whether the sentence violates the law; and ‘‘(B) whether the sentence is plainly unrea-sonable. ‘‘(2) In an appeal under section 856(d) of this title (article 56(d)), the record on appeal shall consist of— ‘‘(A) any portion of the record in the case that is designated as pertinent by either of the par-ties; ‘‘(B) the information submitted during the sentencing proceeding; and ‘‘(C) any information required by rule or order of the Court of Criminal Appeals. ‘‘(e) L
IMITS OF AUTHORITY .—(1)(A) If the Court of Criminal Appeals sets aside the find-ings, the Court— ‘‘(i) may affirm any lesser included offense; and ‘‘(ii) may, except when prohibited by section 844 of this title (article 44), order a rehearing. ‘‘(B) If the Court of Criminal Appeals orders a rehearing on a charge and the convening au-thority finds a rehearing impracticable, the con-vening authority may dismiss the charge. ‘‘(C) If the Court of Criminal Appeals sets aside the findings and does not order a rehear-ing, the Court shall order that the charges be dismissed. ‘‘(2) If the Court of Criminal Appeals sets aside the sentence, the Court may— ‘‘(A) modify the sentence to a lesser sentence; or ‘‘(B) order a rehearing. ‘‘(3) If the Court determines that additional proceedings are warranted, the Court may order a hearing as may be necessary to address a sub-stantial issue, subject to such limitations as the Court may direct and under such regulations as the President may prescribe.’’. (c) A
CTION WHENREHEARING IMPRACTICABLE  A
FTER REHEARING ORDER .—Subsection (f) of such section (article), as redesignated by sub-section (b)(1), is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘con-vening authority’’ and inserting ‘‘appropriate authority’’; and (2) by striking the last sentence. (d) E
LIGIBILITY TO REVIEW THE RECORD .— Subsection (i) of such section (article), as redes-ignated by subsection (b)(1), is amended by striking ‘‘an investigating officer’’ and inserting ‘‘an investigating or a preliminary hearing offi-cer’’. (e) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading for such section (article) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 866. Art. 66. Courts of Criminal Appeals’’. 
SEC. 6811. REVIEW BY COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) J AGNOTIFICATION .—Subsection (a)(2) of section 867 of title 10, United States Code (arti-cle 67 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by inserting after ‘‘the Judge Advo-cate General’’ the following: ‘‘, after appro-priate notification to the other Judge Advocates General and to the Staff Judge Advocate to the Commandant of the Marine Corps,’’. (b) B
ASIS FOR REVIEW .—Subsection (c) of such section (article) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(c)’’; (2) by designating the second sentence as paragraph (2); (3) by designating the third sentence as para-graph (3); (4) by designating the fourth sentence as paragraph (4); and (5) in paragraph (1), as designated by para-graph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘only with respect to’’ and all that follows through the end of the sentence and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) ‘‘only with respect to— ‘‘(A) the findings and sentence set forth in the entry of judgment, as affirmed or set aside as in-correct in law by the Court of Criminal Appeals; or ‘‘(B) a decision, judgment, or order by a mili-tary judge, as affirmed or set aside as incorrect in law by the Court of Criminal Appeals.’’. SEC. 6812. SUPREME COURT REVIEW. 
The second sentence of subsection (a) of sec-tion 867a of title 10, United States Code (article 67a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by inserting before ‘‘Court of Appeals’’ the following: ‘‘United States’’. 
SEC. 6813. REVIEW BY JUDGE ADVOCATE GEN-ERAL. 
Section 869 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 69 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 869. Art. 69. Review by Judge Advocate Gen-eral ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Upon application by the accused and subject to subsections (b), (c), and (d), the Judge Advocate General may modify or set aside, in whole or in part, the findings and sentence in a court-martial that is not reviewed under section 866 of this title (article 66). ‘‘(b) T
IMING .—To qualify for consideration, an application under subsection (a) must be sub-mitted to the Judge Advocate General not later than one year after the date of completion of re-view under section 864 or 865 of this title (article 64 or 65), as the case may be. The Judge Advo-cate General may, for good cause shown, extend the period for submission of an application, but may not consider an application submitted more than three years after such completion date. ‘‘(c) S
COPE.—(1)(A) In a case reviewed under section 864 or section 865(b) of this title (article 64 or 65(b)), the Judge Advocate General may set aside the findings or sentence, in whole or in part on the grounds of newly discovered evi-dence, fraud on the court, lack of jurisdiction over the accused or the offense, error prejudicial to the substantial rights of the accused, or the appropriateness of the sentence. ‘‘(B) In setting aside findings or sentence, the Judge Advocate General may order a rehearing, except that a rehearing may not be ordered in violation of section 844 of this title (Article 44). ‘‘(C) If the Judge Advocate General sets aside findings and sentence and does not order a re-hearing, the Judge Advocate General shall dis-miss the charges. ‘‘(D) If the Judge Advocate General sets aside findings and orders a rehearing and the con-vening authority determines that a rehearing would be impractical, the convening authority shall dismiss the charges. ‘‘(2) In a case reviewed under section 865(b) of this title (article 65(b)), review under this sec-tion is limited to the issue of whether the waiver or withdrawal of an appeal was invalid under the law. If the Judge Advocate General deter-mines that the waiver or withdrawal of an ap-peal was invalid, the Judge Advocate General shall order appropriate corrective action under rules prescribed by the President. ‘‘(d) C
OURT OF CRIMINAL APPEALS .—(1) A Court of Criminal Appeals may review the ac-tion taken by the Judge Advocate General under subsection (c)— ‘‘(A) in a case sent to the Court of Criminal Appeals by order of the Judge Advocate Gen-eral; or ‘‘(B) in a case submitted to the Court of Crimi-nal Appeals by the accused in an application for review. ‘‘(2) The Court of Criminal Appeals may grant an application under paragraph (1)(B) only if— ‘‘(A) the application demonstrates a substan-tial basis for concluding that the action on re-view under subsection (c) constituted prejudicial error; and ‘‘(B) the application is filed not later than the earlier of— ‘‘(i) 60 days after the date on which the ac-cused is notified of the decision of the Judge Ad-vocate General; or ‘‘(ii) 60 days after the date on which a copy of the decision of the Judge Advocate General is deposited in the United States mails for delivery by first-class certified mail to the accused at an address provided by the accused or, if no such address has been provided by the accused, at the latest address listed for the accused in his official service record. ‘‘(3) The submission of an application for re-view under this subsection does not constitute a proceeding before the Court of Criminal Appeals for purposes of section 870(c)(1) of this title (ar-ticle 70(c)(1)). ‘‘(e) Notwithstanding section 866 of this title (article 66), in any case reviewed by a Court of Criminal Appeals under subsection (d), the Court may take action only with respect to mat-ters of law.’’. SEC. 6814. APPELLATE DEFENSE COUNSEL IN DEATH PENALTY CASES. 
Section 870 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 70 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) To the greatest extent practicable, in any capital case, at least one defense counsel under subsection (c) shall, as determined by the Judge Advocate General, be learned in the law appli-cable to such cases. If necessary, this counsel may be a civilian and, if so, may be com-pensated in accordance with regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 6815. AUTHORITY FOR HEARING ON VACA-TION OF SUSPENSION OF SENTENCE TO BE CONDUCTED BY QUALIFIED JUDGE ADVOCATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 872 of title 10, United States Code (article 72) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by inserting after the first sentence the fol-lowing new sentence: ‘‘The special court-martial convening authority may detail a judge advo-cate, who is certified under section 827(b) of this title (article 27(b)), to conduct the hearing.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Such section (article) is further amended— (1) in the last sentence of subsection (a), by striking ‘‘if he so desires’’ and inserting ‘‘if the probationer so desires’’; and (2) in the second sentence of subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘If he’’ and inserting ‘‘If the officer exercising general court-martial jurisdic-tion’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘section 871(c) of this title (ar-ticle 71(c)).’’ and inserting ‘‘section 857 of this title (article 57)).’’. 
SEC. 6816. EXTENSION OF TIME FOR PETITION FOR NEW TRIAL. 
The first sentence of section 873 of title 10, United States Code (article 73 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking ‘‘two years after approval by the convening au-thority of a court-martial sentence,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘three years after the date of the entry of judgment under section 860c of this title (article 60c),’’. 
SEC. 6817. RESTORATION. 
Section 875 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 75 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) The President shall prescribe regulations, with such limitations as the President considers appropriate, governing eligibility for pay and allowances for the period after the date on which an executed part of a court-martial sen-tence is set aside.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2660 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 6818. LEAVE REQUIREMENTS PENDING RE-VIEW OF CERTAIN COURT-MARTIAL CONVICTIONS. 
Section 876a of title 10, United States Code (article 76a of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘, as ap-proved under section 860 of this title (article 60),’’; and (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘on which the sentence is approved under section 860 of this title (article 60)’’ and inserting ‘‘of the entry of judgment under section 860c of this title (article 60c)’’. TITLE LXIX—PUNITIVE ARTICLES 
SEC. 6901. REORGANIZATION OF PUNITIVE ARTI-CLES. 
Sections of subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (articles of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), are transferred within subchapter X and redesignated as follows: (1) E
NLISTMENT AND SEPARATION .—Sections 883 and 884 (articles 83 and 84) are transferred so as to appear (in that order) after section 904 (article 104) and are redesignated as sections 904a and 904b (articles 104a and 104b), respec-tively. (2) R
ESISTANCE , FLIGHT , BREACH OF ARREST , 
AND ESCAPE .—Section 895 (article 95) is trans-ferred so as to appear after section 887 (article 87) and is redesignated as section 887a (article 87a). (3) N
ONCOMPLIANCE WITH PROCEDURAL  
RULES .—Section 898 (article 98) is transferred so as to appear after section 931 (article 131) and is redesignated as section 931f (article 131f). (4) C
APTURED OR ABANDONED PROPERTY .—Sec- tion 903 (article 103) is transferred so as to ap-pear after section 908 (article 108) and is redesig-nated as section 908a (article 108a). (5) A
IDING THE ENEMY .—Section 904 (article 104) is redesignated as section 903b (article 103b). (6) M
ISCONDUCT AS PRISONER .—Section 905 (article 105) is transferred so as to appear after section 897 (article 97) and is redesignated as section 898 (article 98). (7) S
PIES; ESPIONAGE .—Sections 906 and 906a (articles 106 and 106a) are transferred so as to appear (in that order) after section 902 (article 102) and are redesignated as sections 903 and 903a (articles 103 and 103a), respectively. (8) M
ISBEHAVIOR OF SENTINEL .—Section 913 (article 113) is transferred so as to appear after section 894 (article 94) and is redesignated as section 895 (article 95). (9) D
RUNKEN OR RECKLESS OPERATION OF A VE -
HICLE , AIRCRAFT , OR VESSEL .—Section 911 (arti-cle 111) is transferred so as to appear after sec-tion 912a (article 912a) and is redesignated as section 913 (article 113). (10) H
OUSEBREAKING .—Section 930 (article 130) is redesignated as section 929a (article 129a). (11) S
TALKING .—Section 920a (article 120a) is transferred so as to appear after section 929a (article 129a), as redesignated by paragraph (10), and is redesignated as section 930 (article 130). (12) F
ORGERY .—Section 923 (article 123) is transferred so as to appear after section 904b (article 104b), as transferred and redesignated by paragraph (1), and is redesignated as section 905 (article 105). (13) M
AIMING .—Section 924 (article 124) is transferred so as to appear after section 928 (ar-ticle 128) and is redesignated as section 928a (ar-ticle 128a). (14) F
RAUDS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES .— Section 932 of (article 132) is transferred so as to appear after section 923a (article 123a) and is re-designated as section 924 (article 124). 
SEC. 6902. CONVICTION OF OFFENSE CHARGED, LESSER INCLUDED OFFENSES, AND ATTEMPTS. 
Section 879 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 79 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 879. Art. 79. Conviction of offense charged, lesser included offenses, and attempts ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—An accused may be found guilty of any of the following: ‘‘(1) The offense charged. ‘‘(2) A lesser included offense. ‘‘(3) An attempt to commit the offense charged. ‘‘(4) An attempt to commit a lesser included offense, if the attempt is an offense in its own right. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITION .—In this section (article), the term ‘lesser included offense’ means— ‘‘(1) an offense that is necessarily included in the offense charged; and ‘‘(2) any lesser included offense so designated by regulation prescribed by the President. ‘‘(c) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—Any designa-tion of a lesser included offense in a regulation referred to in subsection (b) shall be reasonably included in the greater offense.’’. 
SEC. 6903. SOLICITING COMMISSION OF OF-FENSES. 
Section 882 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 882. Art. 82. Soliciting commission of of-fenses ‘‘(a) S
OLICITING COMMISSION OF OFFENSES  G
ENERALLY .—Any person subject to this chapter who solicits or advises another to commit an of-fense under this chapter (other than an offense specified in subsection (b)) shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) S
OLICITING DESERTION , M UTINY , SEDI-
TION, ORMISBEHAVIOR BEFORE THE ENEMY .— Any person subject to this chapter who solicits or advises another to violate section 885 of this title (article 85), section 894 of this title (article 94), or section 899 of this title (article 99)— ‘‘(1) if the offense solicited or advised is at-tempted or is committed, shall be punished with the punishment provided for the commission of the offense; and ‘‘(2) if the offense solicited or advised is not attempted or committed, shall be punished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6904. MALINGERING. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 882 (article 82 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), as amended by section 6903, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 883. Art. 83. Malingering ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who, with the intent to avoid work, duty, or service— ‘‘(1) feigns illness, physical disablement, men-tal lapse, or mental derangement; or ‘‘(2) intentionally inflicts self-injury; shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect.’’. 
SEC. 6905. BREACH OF MEDICAL QUARANTINE. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 883 (article 83 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), as added by section 6904, the fol-lowing new section (article): ‘‘§ 884. Art. 84. Breach of medical quarantine ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter— ‘‘(1) who is ordered into medical quarantine by a person authorized to issue such order; and ‘‘(2) who, with knowledge of the quarantine and the limits of the quarantine, goes beyond those limits before being released from the quar-antine by proper authority; shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect.’’. 
SEC. 6906. MISSING MOVEMENT; JUMPING FROM VESSEL. 
Section 887 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 87 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 887. Art. 87. Missing movement; jumping from vessel ‘‘(a) M
ISSING MOVEMENT .—Any person subject to this chapter who, through neglect or design, misses the movement of a ship, aircraft, or unit with which the person is required in the course of duty to move shall be punished as a court- martial may direct. ‘‘(b) JUMPING FROM VESSEL INTO THE  W
ATER.—Any person subject to this chapter who wrongfully and intentionally jumps into the water from a vessel in use by the armed forces shall be punished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6907. OFFENSES AGAINST CORRECTIONAL CUSTODY AND RESTRICTION. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 887a (article 87a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as transferred and redesig-nated by section 6901(2), the following new sec-tion (article): ‘‘§ 887b. Art. 87b. Offenses against correctional custody and restriction ‘‘(a) E
SCAPE FROMCORRECTIONAL CUSTODY .— Any person subject to this chapter— ‘‘(1) who is placed in correctional custody by a person authorized to do so; ‘‘(2) who, while in correctional custody, is under physical restraint; and ‘‘(3) who escapes from the physical restraint before being released from the physical restraint by proper authority; shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) B
REACH OF CORRECTIONAL CUSTODY .— Any person subject to this chapter— ‘‘(1) who is placed in correctional custody by a person authorized to do so; ‘‘(2) who, while in correctional custody, is under restraint other than physical restraint; and ‘‘(3) who goes beyond the limits of the re-straint before being released from the correc-tional custody or relieved of the restraint by proper authority; shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(c) B
REACH OF RESTRICTION .—Any person subject to this chapter— ‘‘(1) who is ordered to be restricted to certain limits by a person authorized to do so; and ‘‘(2) who, with knowledge of the limits of the restriction, goes beyond those limits before being released by proper authority; shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect.’’. 
SEC. 6908. DISRESPECT TOWARD SUPERIOR COM-MISSIONED OFFICER; ASSAULT OF SUPERIOR COMMISSIONED OFFICER. 
Section 889 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 89 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 889. Art. 89. Disrespect toward superior commissioned officer; assault of superior commissioned officer ‘‘(a) D
ISRESPECT .—Any person subject to this chapter who behaves with disrespect toward that person’s superior commissioned officer shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) A
SSAULT .—Any person subject to this chapter who strikes that person’s superior com-missioned officer or draws or lifts up any weap-on or offers any violence against that officer while the officer is in the execution of the offi-cer’s office shall be punished— ‘‘(1) if the offense is committed in time of war, by death or such other punishment as a court- martial may direct; and ‘‘(2) if the offense is committed at any other time, by such punishment, other than death, as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6909. WILLFULLY DISOBEYING SUPERIOR COMMISSIONED OFFICER. 
Section 890 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 90 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 890. Art. 90. Willfully disobeying superior commissioned officer ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who will-fully disobeys a lawful command of that per-son’s superior commissioned officer shall be punished— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2661 May 17, 2016 
‘‘(1) if the offense is committed in time of war, by death or such other punishment as a court- martial may direct; and ‘‘(2) if the offense is committed at any other time, by such punishment, other than death, as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6910. PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES WITH MILI-TARY RECRUIT OR TRAINEE BY PER-SON IN POSITION OF SPECIAL TRUST. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 893 (article 93 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 893a. Art. 93a. Prohibited activities with military recruit or trainee by person in posi-tion of special trust ‘‘(a) A
BUSE OF TRAINING LEADERSHIP POSI-
TION.—Any person subject to this chapter— ‘‘(1) who is an officer, a noncommissioned of-ficer, or a petty officer; ‘‘(2) who is in a training leadership position with respect to a specially protected junior mem-ber of the armed forces; and ‘‘(3) who engages in prohibited sexual activity with such specially protected junior member of the armed forces; shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) A
BUSE OF POSITION AS MILITARY RE-
CRUITER .—Any person subject to this chapter— ‘‘(1) who is a military recruiter and engages in prohibited sexual activity with an applicant for military service; or ‘‘(2) who is a military recruiter and engages in prohibited sexual activity with a specially pro-tected junior member of the armed forces who is enlisted under a delayed entry program; shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(c) C
ONSENT .—Consent is not a defense for any conduct at issue in a prosecution under this section (article). ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section (article): ‘‘(1) S
PECIALLY PROTECTED JUNIOR MEMBER OF  
THE ARMED FORCES .—The term ‘specially pro-tected junior member of the armed forces’ means— ‘‘(A) a member of the armed forces who is as-signed to, or is awaiting assignment to, basic training or other initial active duty for training, including a member who is enlisted under a de-layed entry program; ‘‘(B) a member of the armed forces who is a cadet, a midshipman, an officer candidate, or a student in any other officer qualification pro-gram; and ‘‘(C) a member of the armed forces in any pro-gram that, by regulation prescribed by the Sec-retary concerned, is identified as a training pro-gram for initial career qualification. ‘‘(2) T
RAINING LEADERSHIP POSITION .—The term ‘training leadership position’ means, with respect to a specially protected junior member of the armed forces, any of the following: ‘‘(A) Any drill instructor position or other leadership position in a basic training program, an officer candidate school, a reserve officers’ training corps unit, a training program for entry into the armed forces, or any program that, by regulation prescribed by the Secretary concerned, is identified as a training program for initial career qualification. ‘‘(B) Faculty and staff of the United States Military Academy, the United States Naval Academy, the United States Air Force Academy, and the United States Coast Guard Academy. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICANT FOR MILITARY SERVICE .—The term ‘applicant for military service’ means a person who, under regulations prescribed by the Secretary concerned, is an applicant for original enlistment or appointment in the armed forces. ‘‘(4) M
ILITARY RECRUITER .—The term ‘military recruiter’ means a person who, under regula-tions prescribed by the Secretary concerned, has the primary duty to recruit persons for military service. ‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITED SEXUAL ACTIVITY .—The term ‘prohibited sexual activity’ means, as specified in regulations prescribed by the Secretary con-cerned, inappropriate physical intimacy under circumstances described in such regulations.’’. SEC. 6911. OFFENSES BY SENTINEL OR LOOKOUT. 
Section 895 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 95 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as transferred and redesignated by section 6901(8), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 895. Art. 95. Offenses by sentinel or lookout ‘‘(a) D
RUNK OR SLEEPING ON POST, ORLEAV-
INGPOSTBEFORE BEING RELIEVED .—Any sen- tinel or lookout who is drunk on post, who sleeps on post, or who leaves post before being regularly relieved, shall be punished— ‘‘(1) if the offense is committed in time of war, by death or such other punishment as a court- martial may direct; and ‘‘(2) if the offense is committed other than in time of war, by such punishment, other than death, as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) L
OITERING OR WRONGFULLY SITTING ON  P
OST.—Any sentinel or lookout who loiters or wrongfully sits down on post shall be punished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6912. DISRESPECT TOWARD SENTINEL OR LOOKOUT. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 895 (article 95 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), as amended by section 6911, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 895a. Art. 95a. Disrespect toward sentinel or lookout ‘‘(a) D
ISRESPECTFUL LANGUAGE TOWARD SEN-
TINEL OR LOOKOUT .—Any person subject to this chapter who, knowing that another person is a sentinel or lookout, uses wrongful and dis-respectful language that is directed toward and within the hearing of the sentinel or lookout, who is in the execution of duties as a sentinel or lookout, shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) D
ISRESPECTFUL BEHAVIOR TOWARD SEN-
TINEL OR LOOKOUT .—Any person subject to this chapter who, knowing that another person is a sentinel or lookout, behaves in a wrongful and disrespectful manner that is directed toward and within the sight of the sentinel or lookout, who is in the execution of duties as a sentinel or lookout, shall be punished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6913. RELEASE OF PRISONER WITHOUT AU-THORITY; DRINKING WITH PRIS-ONER. 
Section 896 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 96 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 896. Art. 96. Release of prisoner without au-thority; drinking with prisoner ‘‘(a) R
ELEASE OF PRISONER WITHOUT AUTHOR -
ITY.—Any person subject to this chapter— ‘‘(1) who, without authority to do so, releases a prisoner; or ‘‘(2) who, through neglect or design, allows a prisoner to escape; shall be punished as a court-martial may direct, whether or not the prisoner was committed in strict compliance with the law. ‘‘(b) D
RINKING WITHPRISONER .—Any person subject to this chapter who unlawfully drinks any alcoholic beverage with a prisoner shall be punished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6914. PENALTY FOR ACTING AS A SPY. 
Section 903 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 103 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), as transferred and redesignated by section 6901(7), is amended by inserting before the pe-riod at the end of the first sentence the fol-lowing: ‘‘or such other punishment as a court- martial or a military commission may direct’’. 
SEC. 6915. PUBLIC RECORDS OFFENSES. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 903b (article 103b of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as redesignated by section 6901(5), the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 904. Art. 104. Public records offenses ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who, will-fully and unlawfully— ‘‘(1) alters, conceals, removes, mutilates, oblit-erates, or destroys a public record; or ‘‘(2) takes a public record with the intent to alter, conceal, remove, mutilate, obliterate, or destroy the public record; shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect.’’. SEC. 6916. FALSE OR UNAUTHORIZED PASS OF-FENSES. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 905 (article 105 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), as transferred and redesignated by section 6901(12), the following new section (arti-cle): ‘‘§ 905a. Art. 105a. False or unauthorized pass offenses ‘‘(a) W
RONGFUL MAKING , ALTERING , ETC.— Any person subject to this chapter who, wrong-fully and falsely, makes, alters, counterfeits, or tampers with a military or official pass, permit, discharge certificate, or identification card shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) W
RONGFUL SALE, ETC.—Any person sub-ject to this chapter who wrongfully sells, gives, lends, or disposes of a false or unauthorized military or official pass, permit, discharge cer-tificate, or identification card, knowing that the pass, permit, discharge certificate, or identifica-tion card is false or unauthorized, shall be pun-ished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(c) W
RONGFUL USE OR POSSESSION .—Any person subject to this chapter who wrongfully uses or possesses a false or unauthorized mili-tary or official pass, permit, discharge certifi-cate, or identification card, knowing that the pass, permit, discharge certificate, or identifica-tion card is false or unauthorized, shall be pun-ished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6917. IMPERSONATION OFFENSES. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 905a (article 105a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 6916, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 906. Art. 106. Impersonation of officer, non-commissioned or petty officer, or agent or official ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any person subject to this chapter who, wrongfully and willfully, imper-sonates— ‘‘(1) an officer, a noncommissioned officer, or a petty officer; ‘‘(2) an agent of superior authority of one of the armed forces; or ‘‘(3) an official of a government; shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) I
MPERSONATION WITHINTENT TO DE-
FRAUD .—Any person subject to this chapter who, wrongfully, willfully, and with intent to defraud, impersonates any person referred to in paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of subsection (a) shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(c) I
MPERSONATION OF GOVERNMENT OFFI-
CIAL WITHOUT INTENT TO DEFRAUD .—Any per- son subject to this chapter who, wrongfully, willfully, and without intent to defraud, imper-sonates an official of a government by commit-ting an act that exercises or asserts the author-ity of the office that the person claims to have shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect.’’. 
SEC. 6918. INSIGNIA OFFENSES. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 906 (article 106 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), as added by section 6917, the fol-lowing new section (article): ‘‘§ 906a. Art. 106a. Wearing unauthorized in-signia, decoration, badge, ribbon, device, or lapel button ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00231 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2662 May 17, 2016 
‘‘(1) who is not authorized to wear an insig-nia, decoration, badge, ribbon, device, or lapel button; and ‘‘(2) who wrongfully wears such insignia, decoration, badge, ribbon, device, or lapel but-ton upon the person’s uniform or civilian cloth-ing; shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect.’’. 
SEC. 6919. FALSE OFFICIAL STATEMENTS; FALSE SWEARING. 
Section 907 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 107 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 907. Art. 107. False official statements; false swearing ‘‘(a) F
ALSE OFFICIAL STATEMENTS .—Any per- son subject to this chapter who, with intent to deceive— ‘‘(1) signs any false record, return, regulation, order, or other official document, knowing it to be false; or ‘‘(2) makes any other false official statement knowing it to be false; shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) F
ALSE SWEARING .—Any person subject to this chapter— ‘‘(1) who takes an oath that— ‘‘(A) is administered in a matter in which such oath is required or authorized by law; and ‘‘(B) is administered by a person with author-ity to do so; and ‘‘(2) who, upon such oath, makes or subscribes to a statement; if the statement is false and at the time of tak-ing the oath, the person does not believe the statement to be true, shall be punished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6920. PAROLE VIOLATION. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 907 (article 107 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), as amended by section 6919, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 907a. Art. 107a. Parole violation ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter— ‘‘(1) who, having been a prisoner as the result of a court-martial conviction or other criminal proceeding, is on parole with conditions; and ‘‘(2) who violates the conditions of parole; shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect.’’. 
SEC. 6921. WRONGFUL TAKING, OPENING, ETC. OF MAIL MATTER. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 909 (article 109 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 909a. Art. 109a. Mail matter: wrongful tak-ing, opening, etc. ‘‘(a) T
AKING .—Any person subject to this chapter who, with the intent to obstruct the cor-respondence of, or to pry into the business or se-crets of, any person or organization, wrongfully takes mail matter before the mail matter is deliv-ered to or received by the addressee shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) O
PENING , S ECRETING , D ESTROYING , S
TEALING .—Any person subject to this chapter who wrongfully opens, secretes, destroys, or steals mail matter before the mail matter is de-livered to or received by the addressee shall be punished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6922. IMPROPER HAZARDING OF VESSEL OR AIRCRAFT. 
Section 910 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 110 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 910. Art. 110. Improper hazarding of vessel or aircraft ‘‘(a) W
ILLFUL AND WRONGFUL HAZARDING .— Any person subject to this chapter who, will-fully and wrongfully, hazards or suffers to be hazarded any vessel or aircraft of the armed forces shall be punished by death or such other punishment as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) NEGLIGENT HAZARDING .—Any person sub-ject to this chapter who negligently hazards or suffers to be hazarded any vessel or aircraft of the armed forces shall be punished as a court- martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6923. LEAVING SCENE OF VEHICLE ACCI-DENT. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 910 (article 110 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), as amended by section 6922, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 911. Art. 111. Leaving scene of vehicle acci-dent ‘‘(a) D
RIVER .—Any person subject to this chapter— ‘‘(1) who is the driver of a vehicle that is in-volved in an accident that results in personal injury or property damage; and ‘‘(2) who wrongfully leaves the scene of the accident— ‘‘(A) without providing assistance to an in-jured person; or ‘‘(B) without providing personal identification to others involved in the accident or to appro-priate authorities; shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) S
ENIOR PASSENGER .—Any person subject to this chapter— ‘‘(1) who is a passenger in a vehicle that is in-volved in an accident that results in personal injury or property damage; ‘‘(2) who is the superior commissioned or non-commissioned officer of the driver of the vehicle or is the commander of the vehicle; and ‘‘(3) who wrongfully and unlawfully orders, causes, or permits the driver to leave the scene of the accident— ‘‘(A) without providing assistance to an in-jured person; or ‘‘(B) without providing personal identification to others involved in the accident or to appro-priate authorities; shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect.’’. 
SEC. 6924. DRUNKENNESS AND OTHER INCAPACI-TATION OFFENSES. 
Section 912 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 112 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 912. Art. 112. Drunkenness and other inca-pacitation offenses ‘‘(a) D
RUNK ON DUTY.—Any person subject to this chapter who is drunk on duty shall be pun-ished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) I
NCAPACITATION FOR DUTYFROMDRUNK -
ENNESS OR DRUG USE.—Any person subject to this chapter who, as a result of indulgence in any alcoholic beverage or any drug, is incapaci-tated for the proper performance of duty shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(c) D
RUNK PRISONER .—Any person subject to this chapter who is a prisoner and, while in such status, is drunk shall be punished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6925. LOWER BLOOD ALCOHOL CONTENT LIMITS FOR CONVICTION OF DRUNK-EN OR RECKLESS OPERATION OF VE-HICLE, AIRCRAFT, OR VESSEL. 
Subsection (b)(3) of section 913 of title 10, United States Code (article 113 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as transferred and re-designated by section 6901(9), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘0.10 grams’’ both places it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘0.08 grams’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Secretary may by regulation pre-scribe limits that are lower than the limits speci-fied in the preceding sentence, if such lower lim-its are based on scientific developments, as re-flected in Federal law of general applicability.’’. 
SEC. 6926. ENDANGERMENT OFFENSES. 
Section 914 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 114 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 914. Art. 114. Endangerment offenses ‘‘(a) R
ECKLESS ENDANGERMENT .—Any person subject to this chapter who engages in conduct that— ‘‘(1) is wrongful and reckless or is wanton; and ‘‘(2) is likely to produce death or grievous bod-ily harm to another person; shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) DUELING .—Any person subject to this chapter— ‘‘(1) who fights or promotes, or is concerned in or connives at fighting a duel; or ‘‘(2) who, having knowledge of a challenge sent or about to be sent, fails to report the facts promptly to the proper authority; shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(c) F
IREARM DISCHARGE , E NDANGERING  H
UMAN LIFE.—Any person subject to this chap-ter who, willfully and wrongly, discharges a firearm, under circumstances such as to endan-ger human life shall be punished as a court- martial may direct. ‘‘(d) C
ARRYING CONCEALED WEAPON .—Any person subject to this chapter who unlawfully carries a dangerous weapon concealed on or about his person shall be punished as a court- martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6927. COMMUNICATING THREATS. 
Section 915 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 115 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 915. Art. 115. Communicating threats ‘‘(a) C
OMMUNICATING THREATS GENERALLY .— Any person subject to this chapter who wrong-fully communicates a threat to injure the per-son, property, or reputation of another shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) C
OMMUNICATING THREAT TO USEEXPLO -
SIVE, ETC.—Any person subject to this chapter who wrongfully communicates a threat to injure the person or property of another by use of (1) an explosive, (2) a weapon of mass destruction, (3) a biological or chemical agent, substance, or weapon, or (4) a hazardous material, shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(c) C
OMMUNICATING FALSE THREAT CON-
CERNING USE OF EXPLOSIVE , ETC.—Any person subject to this chapter who maliciously commu-nicates a false threat concerning injury to the person or property of another by use of (1) an explosive, (2) a weapon of mass destruction, (3) a biological or chemical agent, substance, or weapon, or (4) a hazardous material, shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. As used in the preceding sentence, the term ‘false threat’ means a threat that, at the time the threat is communicated, is known to be false by the per-son communicating the threat.’’. 
SEC. 6928. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT RELATING TO MURDER. 
Section 918(4) of title 10, United States Code (article 118(4) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking ‘‘forcible sod-omy,’’. 
SEC. 6929. CHILD ENDANGERMENT. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 919a (article 119a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), the following new section (ar-ticle): ‘‘§ 919b. Art. 119b. Child endangerment ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter— ‘‘(1) who has a duty for the care of a child under the age of 16 years; and ‘‘(2) who, through design or culpable neg-ligence, endangers the child’s mental or physical health, safety, or welfare; shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect.’’. 
SEC. 6930. DEPOSIT OF OBSCENE MATTER IN THE MAIL. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 920 (article 120 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 920a. Art. 120a. Mails: deposit of obscene matter ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who, wrongfully and knowingly, deposits obscene 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00232 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2663 May 17, 2016 
matter for mailing and delivery shall be pun-ished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6931. FRAUDULENT USE OF CREDIT CARDS, DEBIT CARDS, AND OTHER ACCESS DEVICES. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 921 (article 121 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 921a. Art. 121a. Fraudulent use of credit cards, debit cards, and other access devices ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any person subject to this chapter who, with intent to defraud, uses— ‘‘(1) a stolen credit card, debit card, or other access device; ‘‘(2) a revoked, cancelled, or otherwise invalid credit card, debit card, or other access device; or ‘‘(3) a credit card, debit card, or other access device without the authorization of a person whose authorization is required for such use; to obtain money, property, services, or anything else of value shall be punished as a court-mar-tial may direct. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITION .—In this section (article), the term ‘access device’ has the meaning given that term in section 1029 of title 18.’’. 
SEC. 6932. FALSE PRETENSES TO OBTAIN SERV-ICES. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 921a (article 121a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 6931, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 921b. Art. 121b. False pretenses to obtain services ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who, with intent to defraud, knowingly uses false pre-tenses to obtain services shall be punished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6933. ROBBERY. 
Section 922 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 122 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 922. Art. 122. Robbery ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who takes anything of value from the person or in the presence of another, against his will, by means of force or violence or fear of immediate or fu-ture injury to his person or property or to the person or property of a relative or member of his family or of anyone in his company at the time of the robbery, is guilty of robbery and shall be punished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6934. RECEIVING STOLEN PROPERTY. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 922 (article 122 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), as amended by section 6933, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 922a. Art. 122a. Receiving stolen property ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who wrongfully receives, buys, or conceals stolen property, knowing the property to be stolen property, shall be punished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6935. OFFENSES CONCERNING GOVERN-MENT COMPUTERS. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 922a (article 122a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 6934, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 923. Art. 123. Offenses concerning govern-ment computers ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any person subject to this chapter who— ‘‘(1) knowingly accesses a Government com-puter, with an unauthorized purpose, and by doing so obtains classified information, with reason to believe such information could be used to the injury of the United States, or to the ad-vantage of any foreign nation, and inten-tionally communicates, delivers, transmits, or causes to be communicated, delivered, or trans-mitted such information to any person not enti-tled to receive it; ‘‘(2) intentionally accesses a Government com-puter, with an unauthorized purpose, and thereby obtains classified or other protected in-formation from any such Government computer; or ‘‘(3) knowingly causes the transmission of a program, information, code, or command, and as a result of such conduct, intentionally causes damage without authorization, to a Government computer; shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘computer’ has the meaning given that term in section 1030 of title 18. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Government computer’ means a computer owned or operated by or on behalf of the United States Government. ‘‘(3) The term ‘damage’ has the meaning given that term in section 1030 of title 18.’’. 
SEC. 6936. BRIBERY. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 924 (article 124 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), as transferred and redesignated by section 6901(14), the following new section (arti-cle): ‘‘§ 924a. Art. 124a. Bribery ‘‘(a) A
SKING , ACCEPTING , ORRECEIVING THING 
OFVALUE.—Any person subject to this chap-ter— ‘‘(1) who occupies an official position or who has official duties; and ‘‘(2) who wrongfully asks, accepts, or receives a thing of value with the intent to have the per-son’s decision or action influenced with respect to an official matter in which the United States is interested; shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) P
ROMISING , OFFERING , ORGIVING THING 
OFVALUE.—Any person subject to this chapter who wrongfully promises, offers, or gives a thing of value to another person, who occupies an official position or who has official duties, with the intent to influence the decision or ac-tion of the other person with respect to an offi-cial matter in which the United States is inter-ested, shall be punished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6937. GRAFT. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 924a (article 124a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 6936, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 924b. Art. 124b. Graft ‘‘(a) A
SKING , ACCEPTING , ORRECEIVING THING 
OFVALUE.—Any person subject to this chap-ter— ‘‘(1) who occupies an official position or who has official duties; and ‘‘(2) who wrongfully asks, accepts, or receives a thing of value as compensation for or in rec-ognition of services rendered or to be rendered by the person with respect to an official matter in which the United States is interested; shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) P
ROMISING , OFFERING , ORGIVING THING 
OFVALUE.—Any person subject to this chapter who wrongfully promises, offers, or gives a thing of value to another person, who occupies an official position or who has official duties, as compensation for or in recognition of services rendered or to be rendered by the other person with respect to an official matter in which the United States is interested, shall be punished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6938. KIDNAPPING. 
Section 925 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 125 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 925. Art. 125. Kidnapping ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who wrongfully— ‘‘(1) seizes, confines, inveigles, decoys, or car-ries away another person; and ‘‘(2) holds the other person against that per-son’s will; shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect.’’. SEC. 6939. ARSON; BURNING PROPERTY WITH IN-TENT TO DEFRAUD. 
Section 926 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 126 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 926. Art. 126. Arson; burning property with intent to defraud ‘‘(a) A
GGRAVATED ARSON.—Any person subject to this chapter who, willfully and maliciously, burns or sets on fire an inhabited dwelling, or any other structure, movable or immovable, wherein, to the knowledge of that person, there is at the time a human being, is guilty of aggra-vated arson and shall be punished as a court- martial may direct. ‘‘(b) S
IMPLE ARSON.—Any person subject to this chapter who, willfully and maliciously, burns or sets fire to the property of another is guilty of simple arson and shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(c) B
URNING PROPERTY WITHINTENT TO DE-
FRAUD .—Any person subject to this chapter who, willfully, maliciously, and with intent to defraud, burns or sets fire to any property shall be punished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6940. ASSAULT. 
Section 928 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 128 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 928. Art. 128. Assault ‘‘(a) A
SSAULT .—Any person subject to this chapter who, unlawfully and with force or vio-lence— ‘‘(1) attempts to do bodily harm to another person; ‘‘(2) offers to do bodily harm to another per-son; or ‘‘(3) does bodily harm to another person; is guilty of assault and shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) A
GGRAVATED ASSAULT .—Any person sub-ject to this chapter— ‘‘(1) who, with the intent to do bodily harm, offers to do bodily harm with a dangerous weap-on; or ‘‘(2) who, in committing an assault, inflicts substantial bodily harm, or grievous bodily harm on another person; is guilty of aggravated assault and shall be pun-ished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(c) A
SSAULT WITHINTENT TO COMMIT SPECI-
FIED OFFENSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person subject to this chapter who commits assault with intent to com-mit an offense specified in paragraph (2) shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(2) O
FFENSES SPECIFIED .—The offenses re-ferred to in paragraph (1) are murder, voluntary manslaughter, rape, sexual assault, rape of a child, sexual assault of a child, robbery, arson, burglary, and kidnapping.’’. 
SEC. 6941. BURGLARY AND UNLAWFUL ENTRY. 
Section 929 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 129 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), and section 929a of such title (article 129a), as redesignated by section 6901(10), are amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 929. Art. 129. Burglary; unlawful entry ‘‘(a) B
URGLARY .—Any person subject to this chapter who, with intent to commit an offense under this chapter, breaks and enters the build-ing or structure of another shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) U
NLAWFUL ENTRY.—Any person subject to this chapter who unlawfully enters— ‘‘(1) the real property of another; or ‘‘(2) the personal property of another which amounts to a structure usually used for habi-tation or storage; shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00233 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2664 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 6942. STALKING. 
Section 930 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 130 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), as transferred and redesignated by section 6901(11), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 930. Art. 130. Stalking ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any person subject to this chapter— ‘‘(1) who wrongfully engages in a course of conduct directed at a specific person that would cause a reasonable person to fear death or bod-ily harm, including sexual assault, to himself or herself, to a member of his or her immediate family, or to his or her intimate partner; ‘‘(2) who has knowledge, or should have knowledge, that the specific person will be placed in reasonable fear of death or bodily harm, including sexual assault, to himself or herself, to a member of his or her immediate family, or to his or her intimate partner; and ‘‘(3) whose conduct induces reasonable fear in the specific person of death or bodily harm, in-cluding sexual assault, to himself or herself, to a member of his or her immediate family, or to his or her intimate partner; is guilty of stalking and shall be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘conduct’ means conduct of any kind, including use of surveillance, the mails, an interactive computer service, an electronic communication service, or an electronic commu-nication system. ‘‘(2) The term ‘course of conduct’ means— ‘‘(A) a repeated maintenance of visual or physical proximity to a specific person; ‘‘(B) a repeated conveyance of verbal threat, written threats, or threats implied by conduct, or a combination of such threats, directed at or toward a specific person; or ‘‘(C) a pattern of conduct composed of re-peated acts evidencing a continuity of purpose. ‘‘(3) The term ‘repeated’, with respect to con-duct, means two or more occasions of such con-duct. ‘‘(4) The term ‘immediate family’, in the case of a specific person, means— ‘‘(A) that person’s spouse, parent, brother or sister, child, or other person to whom he or she stands in loco parentis; or ‘‘(B) any other person living in his or her household and related to him or her by blood or marriage. ‘‘(5) The term ‘intimate partner’ in the case of a specific person, means— ‘‘(A) a former spouse of the specific person, a person who shares a child in common with the specific person, or a person who cohabits with or has cohabited as a spouse with the specific person; or ‘‘(B) a person who has been in a social rela-tionship of a romantic or intimate nature with the specific person, as determined by the length of the relationship, the type of relationship, and the frequency of interaction between the persons involved in the relationship.’’. 
SEC. 6943. SUBORNATION OF PERJURY. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 931 (article 131 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 931a. Art. 131a. Subornation of perjury ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any person subject to this chapter who induces and procures another per-son— ‘‘(1) to take an oath; and ‘‘(2) to falsely testify, depose, or state upon such oath; shall, if the conditions specified in subsection (b) are satisfied, be punished as a court-martial may direct. ‘‘(b) C
ONDITIONS .—The conditions referred to in subsection (a) are the following: ‘‘(1) The oath is administered with respect to a matter for which such oath is required or au-thorized by law. ‘‘(2) The oath is administered by a person having authority to do so. ‘‘(3) Upon the oath, the other person willfully makes or subscribes a statement. ‘‘(4) The statement is material. ‘‘(5) The statement is false. ‘‘(6) When the statement is made or sub-scribed, the person subject to this chapter and the other person do not believe that the state-ment is true.’’. SEC. 6944. OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 931a (article 131a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 6943, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 931b. Art. 131b. Obstructing justice ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who en-gages in conduct in the case of a certain person against whom the accused had reason to believe there were or would be criminal or disciplinary proceedings pending, with intent to influence, impede, or otherwise obstruct the due adminis-tration of justice shall be punished as a court- martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6945. MISPRISION OF SERIOUS OFFENSE. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 931b (article 131b of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 6944, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 931c. Art. 131c. Misprision of serious offense ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter— ‘‘(1) who knows that another person has com-mitted a serious offense; and ‘‘(2) wrongfully conceals the commission of the offense and fails to make the commission of the offense known to civilian or military au-thorities as soon as possible; shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect.’’. 
SEC. 6946. WRONGFUL REFUSAL TO TESTIFY. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 931c (article 131c of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 6945, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 931d. Art. 131d. Wrongful refusal to testify ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who, in the presence of a court-martial, a board of offi-cers, a military commission, a court of inquiry, preliminary hearing, or an officer taking a dep-osition, of or for the United States, wrongfully refuses to qualify as a witness or to answer a question after having been directed to do so by the person presiding shall be punished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6947. PREVENTION OF AUTHORIZED SEI-ZURE OF PROPERTY. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 931d (article 131d of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 6946, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 931e. Art. 131e. Prevention of authorized seizure of property ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who, knowing that one or more persons authorized to make searches and seizures are seizing, are about to seize, or are endeavoring to seize prop-erty, destroys, removes, or otherwise disposes of the property with intent to prevent the seizure thereof shall be punished as a court-martial may direct.’’. 
SEC. 6948. WRONGFUL INTERFERENCE WITH AD-VERSE ADMINISTRATIVE PRO-CEEDING. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 931f (article 131f of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as transferred and redesig-nated by section 6901(3), the following new sec-tion (article): ‘‘§ 931g. Art. 131g. Wrongful interference with adverse administrative proceeding ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who, hav-ing reason to believe that an adverse adminis-trative proceeding is pending against any per-son subject to this chapter, wrongfully acts with the intent— ‘‘(1) to influence, impede, or obstruct the con-duct of the proceeding; or ‘‘(2) otherwise to obstruct the due administra-tion of justice; shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect.’’. SEC. 6949. RETALIATION. 
Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 931g (article 131g of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 6948, the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 932. Art. 132. Retaliation ‘‘Any person subject to this chapter who, with the intent to retaliate against any person for re-porting or planning to report a criminal offense, or with the intent to discourage any person from reporting a criminal offense— ‘‘(1) wrongfully takes or threatens to take an adverse personnel action against any person; or ‘‘(2) wrongfully withholds or threatens to withhold a favorable personnel action with re-spect to any person; shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect.’’. 
SEC. 6950. EXTRATERRITORIAL APPLICATION OF CERTAIN OFFENSES. 
Section 934 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 134 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new sentence: ‘‘As used in the preceding sentence, the term ‘crimes and offenses not cap-ital’ includes any conduct engaged in outside the United States, as defined in section 5 of title 18, that would constitute a crime or offense not capital if the conduct had been engaged in with-in the special maritime and territorial jurisdic-tion of the United States, as defined in section 7 of title 18.’’. 
SEC. 6951. TABLE OF SECTIONS. 
The table of sections at the beginning of sub-chapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. Art.‘‘877. 77. Principals. ‘‘878. 78. Accessory after the fact. ‘‘879. 79. Conviction of offense charged, lesser included offenses, and attempts. ‘‘880. 80. Attempts. ‘‘881. 81. Conspiracy. ‘‘882. 82. Soliciting commission of offenses. ‘‘883. 83. Malingering. ‘‘884. 84. Breach of medical quarantine. ‘‘885. 85. Desertion. ‘‘886. 86. Absence without leave. ‘‘887. 87. Missing movement; jumping from ves-sel. ‘‘887a. 87a. Resistance, flight, breach of arrest, and escape. ‘‘887b. 87b. Offenses against correctional cus-tody and restriction. ‘‘888. 88. Contempt toward officials. ‘‘889. 89. Disrespect toward superior commis-sioned officer; assault of superior commissioned officer. ‘‘890. 90. Willfully disobeying superior commis-sioned officer. ‘‘891. 91. Insubordinate conduct toward warrant officer, noncommissioned officer, or petty officer. ‘‘892. 92. Failure to obey order or regulation. ‘‘893. 93. Cruelty and maltreatment. ‘‘893a. 93a. Prohibited activities with military recruit or trainee by person in po-sition of special trust. ‘‘894. 94. Mutiny or sedition. ‘‘895. 95. Offenses by sentinel or lookout. ‘‘895a. 95a. Disrespect toward sentinel or look-out. ‘‘896. 96. Release of prisoner without authority; drinking with prisoner. ‘‘897. 97. Unlawful detention. ‘‘898. 98. Misconduct as prisoner. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00234 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2665 May 17, 2016 
‘‘899. 99. Misbehavior before the enemy. ‘‘900. 100. Subordinate compelling surrender. ‘‘901. 101. Improper use of countersign. ‘‘902. 102. Forcing a safeguard. ‘‘903. 103. Spies. ‘‘903a. 103a. Espionage. ‘‘903b. 103b. Aiding the enemy. ‘‘904. 104. Public records offenses. ‘‘904a. 104a. Fraudulent enlistment, appoint-ment, or separation. ‘‘904b. 104b. Unlawful enlistment, appointment, or separation. ‘‘905. 105. Forgery. ‘‘905a. 105a. False or unauthorized pass of-fenses. ‘‘906. 106. Impersonation of officer, noncommis-sioned or petty officer, or agent of official. ‘‘906a. 106a. Wearing unauthorized insignia, decoration, badge, ribbon, device, or lapel button. ‘‘907. 107. False official statements; false swear-ing. ‘‘907a. 107a. Parole violation. ‘‘908. 108. Military property of United States— Loss, damage, destruction, or wrongful, disposition. ‘‘908a. 108a. Captured or abandoned property. ‘‘909. 109. Property other than military property of United States—Waste, spoilage, or destruction. ‘‘909a 109a. Mail matter: wrongful taking, open-ing, etc. ‘‘910. 110. Improper hazarding of vessel or air-craft. ‘‘911. 111. Leaving scene of vehicle accident. ‘‘912. 112. Drunkenness and other incapacita-tion offenses. ‘‘912a. 112a. Wrongful use, possession, etc., of controlled substances. ‘‘913. 113. Drunken or reckless operation of vehi-cle, aircraft, or vessel. ‘‘914. 114. Endangerment offenses. ‘‘915. 115. Communicating threats. ‘‘916. 116. Riot or breach or peace. ‘‘917. 117. Provoking speeches or gestures. ‘‘918. 118. Murder. ‘‘919. 119. Manslaughter. ‘‘919a. 119a. Death or injury of an unborn child. ‘‘919b. 119b. Child endangerment. ‘‘920. 120. Rape and sexual assault generally. ‘‘920a. 120a. Mails: deposit of obscene matter. ‘‘920b. 120b. Rape and sexual assault of a child. ‘‘920c. 120c. Other sexual misconduct. ‘‘921. 121. Larceny and wrong appropriation. ‘‘921a. 121a. Fraudulent use of credit cards, debit cards, and other access de-vices. ‘‘921b. 121b. False pretenses to obtain services. ‘‘922. 122. Robbery. ‘‘922a. 122a. Receiving stolen property. ‘‘923. 213. Offenses concerning Government com-puters. ‘‘923a. 123a. Making, drawing, or uttering check, draft, or order without suf-ficient funds. ‘‘924. 124. Frauds against the United States. ‘‘924a. 124. Bribery. ‘‘924b. 124b. Graft. ‘‘925. 125. Kidnapping. ‘‘926. 126. Arson; burning property with intent to defraud. ‘‘927. 127. Extortion. ‘‘928. 128. Assault. ‘‘928a. 128a. Maiming. ‘‘929. 129. Burglary; unlawful entry. ‘‘930. 130 Stalking. ‘‘931. 131. Perjury. ‘‘931a. 131a. Subornation of perjury. ‘‘931b. 131b. Obstruction justice. ‘‘931c. 131c. Misprision of serious offense. ‘‘931d. 131d. Wrongful refusal to testify. ‘‘931e. 131e. Prevention of authorized seizure of property. ‘‘931f. 131f. Noncompliance with procedural rules. ‘‘931g. 131g. Wrongful interference with adverse administrative proceeding. ‘‘932. 132. Retaliation. ‘‘933. 133. Conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman. ‘‘934. 134. General article.’’. TITLE LXX—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 7001. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT RELATING TO COURTS OF INQUIRY. 
Section 935(c) of title 10, United States Code (article 135(c) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(c) Any person’’ and inserting ‘‘(c)(1) Any person’’; (2) by designating the second and third sen-tences as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; and (3) in paragraph (2), as so designated, by striking ‘‘subject to this chapter or employed by the Department of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘who is (A) subject to this chapter, (B) employed by the Department of Defense, or (C) with respect to the Coast Guard, employed by the department in which the Coast Guard is operating when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, and’’. 
SEC. 7002. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT TO ARTICLE 136. 
Section 936 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 136 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended by striking the last five words in the section heading. 
SEC. 7003. ARTICLES OF UNIFORM CODE OF MILI-TARY JUSTICE TO BE EXPLAINED TO OFFICERS UPON COMMISSIONING. 
Section 937 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 137 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘(a)(1) The sections of this title (articles of the Uniform Code of Military Justice)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) E
NLISTED MEMBERS .—(1) The sections (articles) of this chapter (the Uniform Code of Military Justice)’’; (2) by striking subsection (b); and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(b) O
FFICERS .—(1) The sections (articles) of this chapter (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice) specified in paragraph (2) shall be care-fully explained to each officer at the time of (or within six months after)— ‘‘(A) the initial entrance of the officer on ac-tive duty as an officer; or ‘‘(B) the initial commissioning of the officer in a reserve component. ‘‘(2) This subsection applies with respect to the sections (articles) specified in subsection (a)(3) and such other sections (articles) as the Secretary concerned may prescribe by regula-tion. ‘‘(c) T
RAINING FOR CERTAIN OFFICERS .—Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary con-cerned, officers with the authority to convene courts-martial or to impose non-judicial punish-ment shall receive periodic training regarding the purposes and administration of this chapter. Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense, officers assigned to duty in a combat-ant command, who have such authority, shall receive additional specialized training regarding the purposes and administration of this chapter. ‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY AND MAINTENANCE OF  T
EXT.—The text of this chapter (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) and the text of the reg-ulations prescribed by the President under this chapter shall be— ‘‘(1) made available to a member on active duty or to a member of a reserve component, upon request by the member, for the member’s personal examination; and ‘‘(2) maintained by the Secretary of Defense in electronic formats that are updated periodi-cally and made available on the Internet.’’. 
SEC. 7004. MILITARY JUSTICE CASE MANAGE-MENT; DATA COLLECTION AND AC-CESSIBILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter XI of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by adding at the end the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 940a. Art. 140a. Case management; data collection and accessibility ‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe uni-form standards and criteria for conduct of each of the following functions at all stages of the military justice system, including pretrial, trial, post-trial, and appellate processes, using, inso-far as practicable, the best practices of Federal and State courts: ‘‘(1) Collection and analysis of data con-cerning substantive offenses and procedural matters in a manner that facilitates case man-agement and decision making within the mili-tary justice system, and that enhances the qual-ity of periodic reviews under section 946 of this title (article 146). ‘‘(2) Case processing and management. ‘‘(3) Timely, efficient, and accurate produc-tion and distribution of records of trial within the military justice system. ‘‘(4) Facilitation of access to docket informa-tion, filings, and records, taking into consider-ation restrictions appropriate to judicial pro-ceedings and military records.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATES.—(1) Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall carry out section 940a of title 10, United States Code (arti-cle 140a of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), as added by subsection (a). (2) Not later than 4 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the standards and cri-teria under section 940a of title 10, United States Code (article 140a of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), as added by subsection (a), shall take effect. TITLE LXXI—MILITARY JUSTICE REVIEW PANEL AND ANNUAL REPORTS 
SEC. 7101. MILITARY JUSTICE REVIEW PANEL. 
Section 946 of title 10, United States Code (ar-ticle 146 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 946. Art. 146. Military Justice Review Panel ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense shall establish a panel to conduct inde-pendent periodic reviews and assessments of the operation of this chapter. The panel shall be known as the ‘Military Justice Review Panel’, in this section referred to as the ‘Panel’. ‘‘(b) M
EMBERS .—(1) The Panel shall be com-posed of thirteen members. ‘‘(2) Each of the following shall select one member of the Panel: ‘‘(A) The Secretary of Defense (in consulta-tion with the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating when it is not operating as a service in the Navy). ‘‘(B) The Attorney General. ‘‘(C) The Judge Advocates General of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Coast Guard, and the Staff Judge Advocate to the Commandant of the Marine Corps. ‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense shall select the remaining members of the Panel, taking into consideration recommendations made by each of the following: ‘‘(A) The chairman and ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(B) The Chief Justice of the United States. ‘‘(C) The Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFICATIONS OF MEMBERS .—The mem- bers of the Panel shall be appointed from among private United States citizens with expertise in criminal law, as well as appropriate and diverse experience in investigation, prosecution, de-fense, victim representation, or adjudication with respect to courts-martial, Federal civilian courts, or State courts. ‘‘(d) C
HAIR.—The Secretary of Defense shall select the chair of the Panel from among the members. ‘‘(e) T
ERM; VACANCIES .—Each member shall be appointed for a term of eight years, and no 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00235 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2666 May 17, 2016 
member may serve more than one term. Any va-cancy shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. ‘‘(f) R
EVIEWS AND REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
NITIAL REVIEW OF RECENT AMENDMENTS  
TO UCMJ .—During fiscal year 2020, the Panel shall conduct an initial review and assessment of the implementation of the amendments made to this chapter during the preceding five years. In conducting the initial review and assessment, the Panel may review such other aspects of the operation of this chapter as the Panel considers appropriate. ‘‘(2) P
ERIODIC COMPREHENSIVE REVIEWS .— During fiscal year 2024 and every eight years thereafter, the Panel shall conduct a com-prehensive review and assessment of the oper-ation of this chapter. ‘‘(3) P
ERIODIC INTERIM REVIEWS .—During fis-cal year 2028 and every eight years thereafter, the Panel shall conduct an interim review and assessment of such other aspects of the oper-ation of this chapter as the Panel considers ap-propriate. In addition, at the request of the Sec-retary of Defense, the Panel may, at any time, review and assess other specific matters relating to the operation of this chapter. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTS .—Not later than December 31 of each year during which the Panel conducts a review and assessment under this subsection, the Panel shall submit a report on the results, including the Panel’s findings and recommenda-tions, through the Secretary of Defense to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. ‘‘(g) H
EARINGS .—The Panel may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Panel considers appropriate to carry out its duties under this section. ‘‘(h) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGEN-
CIES.—Upon request of the chair of the Panel, a department or agency of the Federal Govern-ment shall provide information that the Panel considers necessary to carry out its duties under this section. ‘‘(i) A
DMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .— ‘‘(1) M
EMBERS TO SERVE WITHOUT PAY .—Mem- bers of the Panel shall serve without pay, but shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the per-formance of services for the Panel. ‘‘(2) S
TAFFING AND RESOURCES .—The Secretary of Defense shall provide staffing and resources to support the Panel. ‘‘(j) N
OTERMINATION .—The authority of the Panel under this section does not terminate.’’. 
SEC. 7102. ANNUAL REPORTS. 
Subchapter XII of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), is amended by adding at the end the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 946a. Art. 146a. Annual reports ‘‘(a) C
OURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED  F
ORCES .—Not later than December 31 of each year, the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces shall submit a report that, with respect to the previous fiscal year, provides information on the number and status of pending cases and such other matters as the Court considers appropriate regarding the operation of this chapter. ‘‘(b) S
ERVICE REPORTS .—Not later than De-cember 31 of each year, the Judge Advocates General and the Staff Judge Advocate to the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall each submit a report, with respect to the preceding fiscal year, containing the following: ‘‘(1) Data on the number and status of pend-ing cases. ‘‘(2) Information on the appellate review proc-ess, including— ‘‘(A) information on compliance with proc-essing time goals; ‘‘(B) descriptions of the circumstances sur-rounding cases in which general or special court-martial convictions were (i) reversed be-cause of command influence or denial of the right to speedy review or (ii) otherwise remitted because of loss of records of trial or other ad-ministrative deficiencies; and ‘‘(C) an analysis of each case in which a pro-vision of this chapter was held unconstitutional. ‘‘(3)(A) An explanation of measures imple-mented by the armed force involved to ensure the ability of judge advocates— ‘‘(i) to participate competently as trial counsel and defense counsel in cases under this chapter; ‘‘(ii) to preside as military judges in cases under this chapter; and ‘‘(iii) to perform the duties of Special Victims’ Counsel, when so designated under section 1044e of this title. ‘‘(B) The explanation under subparagraph (A) shall specifically identify the measures that focus on capital cases, national security cases, sexual assault cases, and proceedings of military commissions. ‘‘(4) The independent views of each Judge Ad-vocate General and of the Staff Judge Advocate to the Commandant of the Marine Corps as to the sufficiency of resources available within the respective armed forces, including total work-force, funding, training, and officer and en-listed grade structure, to capably perform mili-tary justice functions. ‘‘(5) Such other matters regarding the oper-ation of this chapter as may be appropriate. ‘‘(c) SUBMISSION .—Each report under this sec-tion shall be submitted— ‘‘(1) to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(2) to the Secretary of Defense, the Secre-taries of the military departments, and the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating when it is not operating as a service in the Navy.’’. TITLE LXXII—CONFORMING AMENDMENTS AND EFFECTIVE DATES 
SEC. 7201. AMENDMENTS TO UCMJ SUBCHAPTER TABLES OF SECTIONS. 
The tables of sections for the specified sub-chapters of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), are amended as follows: (1) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter II is amended by striking the item relating to section 810 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘810. 10. Restraint of persons charged.’’. (2) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter II, as amended by paragraph (1), is amended by striking the item relating to section 812 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘812. 12. Prohibition of confinement of armed forces members with enemy pris-oners and certain others.’’. (3) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter V is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 825a and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘825. 25a. Number of court-martial members in capital cases.’’. (4) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter V, as amended by paragraph (3), is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 826 the following new item: ‘‘826a. 26a. Military magistrates.’’. (5) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter V, as amended by paragraphs (3) and (4), is amended by striking the item relating to section 829 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘829. 29. Assembly and impaneling of members; detail of new members and mili-tary judges.’’. (6) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VI is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 830 the following new item: ‘‘830. 30a. Proceedings conducted before refer-ral.’’. (7) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VI, as amended by paragraph (6), is amended by striking the item relating to section 832 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘832. 32. Preliminary hearing required before re-ferral to general court-martial.’’. (8) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VI, as amended by paragraphs (6) and (7), is amended by striking the item relating to section 833 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘833. 33. Disposition guidance.’’. (9) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VI, as amended by paragraphs (6), (7), and (8), is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 834 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘834. 34. Advice to convening authority before referral for trial.’’. (10) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VI, as amended by paragraphs (6), (7), (8), and (9), is amended by striking the item relating to section 835 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘835. 35. Service of charges; commencement of trial.’’. (11) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VII is amended by striking the item relating to section 847 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘8470. 47. Refusal of person not subject to chap-ter to appear, testify, or produce evidence.’’. (12) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VII, as amended by paragraph (11), is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 848 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘848. 48. Contempt.’’. (13) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VII, as amended by paragraphs (11) and (12), is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 850 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘850. 50. Admissibility of sworn testimony from records of courts of inquiry.’’. (14) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VII, as amended by paragraphs (11), (12), and (13), is amended by striking the item relating to section 852 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘852. 52. Votes required for conviction, sen-tencing, and other matters.’’. (15) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VII, as amended by paragraphs (11), (12), (13), and (14), is amended by striking the item relating to section 853 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘853. 53. Findings and sentencing.’’. (16) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VIII is amended by striking the item relating to section 856 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘856. 56. Sentencing.’’. (17) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VIII, as amended by paragraph (16), is amended by striking the items relating to sec-tion 856a and 857a. (18) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter IX is amended by striking the item relating to section 860 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘860. 60. Post-trial processing in general and special courts-martial.’’. (19) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter IX is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 860, as amended by paragraph (18), the following new items: ‘‘860a. 60a. Limited authority to act on sentence in specified post-trial cir-cumstances. ‘‘860b. 60b. Post-trial actions in summary courts- martial and certain general and special courts-martial. ‘‘860c. 60c. Entry of judgment.’’. (20) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter IX, as amended by paragraphs (18) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00236 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2667 May 17, 2016 
and (19), is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 861 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘861. 61. Waiver of right to appeal; withdrawal of appeal.’’. (21) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter IX, as amended by paragraphs (18), (19), and (20), is amended by striking the item relating to section 864 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘864. 64. Judge advocate review of finding of guilty in summary court-mar-tial.’’. (22) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter IX, as amended by paragraphs (18), (19), (20), and (21), is amended by striking the item relating to section 865 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘865. 65. Transmittal and review of records.’’. (23) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter IX, as amended by paragraphs (18), (19), (20), (21), and (22), is amended by striking the item relating to section 866 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘866. 66. Courts of Criminal Appeals.’’. (24) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter IX, as amended by paragraphs (18), (19), (20), and (21), (22), and (23), is amended by striking the item relating to section 869 and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘869. 69. Review by Judge Advocate General.’’. (25) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter IX, as amended by paragraphs (18), (19), (20), (21), (22), (23), and (24), is amended by striking the item relating to section 871 and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘871. 71. [Repealed.]’’. (26) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter XI is amended by striking the item relating to section 936 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘936. 136. Authority to administer oaths.’’. (27) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter XI, as amended by paragraph (26), is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 940 the following new item: ‘‘940a. 140a. Case management; data collection and accessibility.’’. (28) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter XII is amended by striking the item relating to section 946 and inserting the fol-lowing new items: ‘‘946. 146. Military Justice Review Panel. ‘‘946a. 146a. Annual reports.’’. 
SEC. 7202. EFFECTIVE DATES. 
(a) Except as otherwise provided in this divi-sion, the amendments made by this division shall take effect on the first day of the first cal-endar month that begins two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) The amendments made by this division shall not apply to any case in which charges are referred to trial by court-martial before the ef-fective date of such amendments. Proceedings in any such case shall be held in the same manner and with the same effect as if such amendments had not been enacted. (c)(1)(A) The amendments made by title LX shall not apply to any offense committed before the effective date of such amendments. (B) Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be con-strued to invalidate the prosecution of any of-fense committed before the effective date of such amendments. (2) The regulations prescribing the authorized punishments for any offense committed before the effective date of the amendments made by title LVIII shall apply the authorized punish-ments for the offense, as in effect at the time the offense is committed. 
The CHAIR. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report and amendments en bloc de-scribed in section 3 of House Resolu-tion 732. Each further amendment printed in part B of the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the re-port, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Armed Services or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in part B of the report not earlier disposed of. Amend-ments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services or their designees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–569. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 727, line 5, insert after ‘‘may’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘, as specified in advance by appro-priations Acts,’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 732, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. b1600 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I appreciate the opportunity to offer this amendment, which I do not believe is controversial. Mr. Chairman, one of the many parts of this bill, on which Members on both sides of the aisle have contributed, is to try to improve our acquisition sys-tem, partly to get more value out of the taxpayer money that is spent and partly to try to get technology into the field, into the hands of our warfighters faster because technology evolves and the threats evolve so quickly. Members on both sides of the aisle have contributed to that effort, and we have consulted with folks in the Pen-tagon and in industry to try to make improvements in this part of the bill. This amendment is a technical amendment, which just deals with some of those issues, to ensure that whatever process we set up here, obvi-ously, the money has to be appro-priated as well. Mr. Chairman, I don’t think it is con-troversial, but I want to reiterate that most of this bill is built from the ground up on a bipartisan basis, includ-ing each of the five major reform areas. I think acquisition reform is very im-portant that we pursue, that we con-tinue to try to improve the equipment and the weapons that we provide our personnel. That is what helps make them more ready to conduct the mis-sions that the country asks them to conduct. Mr. VEASEY. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. THORNBERRY. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I am not in opposition to the amendment. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. ROTHFUS ). The question is on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 732, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 1 consisting of amendment Nos. 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 15, 17, 20, 21, 23, and 27 printed in House Re-port 114–569, offered by Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
OF WEST VIRGINIA  At the end of subtitle A of title III, add the following new section: 
SEC. 3ll. INCREASE IN FUNDING FOR CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NCREASE .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in di-vision D, the amount authorized to be appro-priated for operation and maintenance, De-fense-wide, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4301, for Civil Mili-tary Programs is hereby increased by $15,000,000 (to be used in support of the Na-tional Guard Youth Challenge Program). (b) O
FFSET .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated for operation and maintenance, Defense-wide, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4301, for Operation and Mainte-nance, Defense-wide is hereby reduced by $15,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . GUTHRIE OF  
KENTUCKY  Page 81, insert after line 14 the following: 
SEC. 312. PRODUCTION AND USE OF NATURAL GAS AT FORT KNOX. 
(a) P RODUCTION AND USE OF NATURAL GAS 
ATFORT KNOX.—Chapter 449 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 4781. Natural gas: production, treatment, management, and use at Fort Knox, Ken-tucky ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—(1) The Secretary of the Army may provide for the production, treat-ment, management, and use of natural gas located under Fort Knox, Kentucky, without regard to section 3 of the Mineral Leasing Act for Acquired Lands (30 U.S.C. 352). ‘‘(2) The Secretary is authorized to enter into a contract with an appropriate entity to carry out paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON USES.—Any natural gas produced under subsection (a) may be used 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00237 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.001 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2668 May 17, 2016 
only to support activities and operations at Fort Knox and may not be sold for use else-where. ‘‘(c) O
WNERSHIP OF FACILITIES .—The Sec- retary of the Army may take ownership of any gas production and treatment equipment and facilities and associated infrastructure from an entity with which the Secretary has entered into a contract under subsection (a) in accordance with the terms of the con-tract. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .—The authority of the Secretary of the Army under this section is effective as of August 2, 2007.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘4781. Natural gas: production, treatment, management, and use at Fort Knox, Kentucky.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO OF  
ARIZONA  At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REQUIREMENT TO REVIEW AND MON-ITOR PRESCRIBING PRACTICES AT MILITARY TREATMENT FACILITIES OF PHARMACEUTICAL AGENTS FOR TREATMENT OF POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) conduct a comprehensive review of the prescribing practices at military treatment facilities of pharmaceutical agents for the treatment of post-traumatic stress; (2) implement a process or processes to monitor the prescribing practices at mili-tary treatment facilities of pharmaceutical agents that are discouraged from use under the VA/DOD Clinical Practice Guideline for Management of Post-Traumatic Stress; and (3) implement a plan to address any devi-ations from such guideline in prescribing practices of pharmaceutical agents for man-agement of post-traumatic stress at such fa-cilities. (b) P
HARMACEUTICAL AGENT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘pharmaceutical agent’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1074g(g) of title 10, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
MISSOURI  At the end of title VIII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 843. IMPROVEMENTS TO THE DESIGN-BUILD CONSTRUCTION PROCESS FOR DE-FENSE CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2305a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) C
RITERIA FOR USE.— ‘‘(1) C
ONTRACTS WITH A VALUE OF AT LEAST  
$4,000,000.—Two-phase selection procedures shall be used for entering into a contract for the design and construction of a public build-ing, facility, or work when a contracting of-ficer determines that the contract has a value of $4,000,000 or greater. ‘‘(2) C
ONTRACTS WITH A VALUE LESS THAN  
$4,000,000.—For projects that a contracting of-ficer determines have a value of less than $4,000,000, the contracting officer shall make a determination whether two-phase selection procedures are appropriate for use for enter-ing into a contract for the design and con-struction of a public building, facility, or work when— ‘‘(A) the contracting officer anticipates that 3 or more offers will be received for the contract; ‘‘(B) design work must be performed before an offeror can develop a price or cost pro-posal for the contract; ‘‘(C) the offeror will incur a substantial amount of expense in preparing the offer; and ‘‘(D) the contracting officer has considered information such as— ‘‘(i) the extent to which the project re-quirements have been adequately defined; ‘‘(ii) the time constraints for delivery of the project; ‘‘(iii) the capability and experience of po-tential contractors; ‘‘(iv) the suitability of the project for use of the two-phase selection procedures; ‘‘(v) the capability of the agency to man-age the two-phase selection process; and ‘‘(vi) other criteria established by the agency.’’; (2) by striking the second sentence in sub-section (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘The maximum number specified in the solicita-tion shall not be greater than 5 unless the head of the contracting activity (or a des-ignee of the head who is in a position not lower than the supervisor of the contracting officer) approves the contracting officer’s justification with respect to an individual solicitation that a specified number greater than 5 is in the Federal Government’s inter-est.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) ANNUAL REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than November 30 of each of the years 2016 through 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget an annual report containing each in-stance in which the agency awarded a de-sign-build contract pursuant to section 2305a of this title, during the preceding fiscal year in which— ‘‘(A) more than 5 finalists were selected for phase-two requests for proposals; or ‘‘(B) the contract was awarded without using two-phase selection procedures. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall make available to the public, including on the Internet, the annual reports described in paragraph (1), and publish a notice of the availability of each report in the Federal Register.’’. (b) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after No-vember 30, 2020, the Comptroller General of the United States shall issue a report ana-lyzing the compliance of the various Federal agencies with the requirements of subsection (g) of section 2305a of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)(3)). 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of title VIII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 843. ASSESSMENT OF OUTREACH FOR SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS OWNED AND ONTROLLED BY WOMEN AND MINORITIES REQUIRED BE-FORE CONVERSION OF CERTAIN FUNCTIONS TO CONTRACTOR PER-FORMANCE. 
No Department of Defense function that is performed by Department of Defense civilian employees and is tied to a certain military base may be converted to performance by a contractor until the Secretary of Defense conducts an assessment to determine if the Department of Defense has carried out suffi-cient outreach programs to assist small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by women (as such term is defined in section 8(d)(3)(D) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(3)(D))) and small business con-cerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals (as such term is defined in section 8(d)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(3)(C))) that are located in the geo-graphic area near the military base. AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE OF TEXAS  At the end of title VIII (page 326, after line 4), insert the following: 
SEC. 843. INCLUSION OF INFORMATION ON COM-MON GROUNDS FOR SUSTAINING BID PROTESTS IN ANNUAL GOVERN-MENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE RE-PORTS TO CONGRESS. 
The Comptroller General of the United States shall include in the annual report to Congress on the Government Accountability Office each year a list of the most common grounds for sustaining protests relating to bids for contracts during such year. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 462, after line 13, insert the following: 
SEC. 1098. USE OF TRANSPORTATION WORKER IDENTIFICATION CREDENTIAL TO GAIN ACCESS AT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) A CCESS TO INSTALLATIONS FOR  C
REDENTIALED TRANSPORTATION WORKERS .— During the period that the Secretary is de-veloping and fielding physical access stand-ards, capabilities, processes, and electronic access control systems, the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure that the Transportation Worker Identifica-tion Credential (TWIC) shall be accepted as a valid credential for unescorted access to De-partment of Defense installations by trans-portation workers. (b) C
REDENTIALED TRANSPORTATION WORK-
ERS WITH SECRET CLEARANCE .—TWIC-car-rying transportation workers who also have a current Secret Level Clearance issued by the Department of Defense shall be consid-ered exempt from further vetting when seek-ing unescorted access at Department of De-fense facilities. Access security personnel shall verify such person’s security clearance in a timely manner and provide them with unescorted access to complete their freight service. (c) R
EPORT ON CREDENTIALED PERSONS DE-
NIED ACCESS TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN-
STALLATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall begin documenting each instance when a credentialed transpor-tation worker is denied unescorted access to a military facility in the Continental United States, Hawaii, Alaska, Guam, or Native American lands. The report shall include, but not be limited to, the reasons for such denial, and the amount of time the credentialed party denied entrance waited to obtain access. The report shall be submitted to the Armed Services Committees of the House and Senate no later than the first day of February of each year until complete fielding of Identity Management Enterprise Services Architecture and electronic access control systems are achieved. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . ROYCE OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle H—United States Naval Station Guantanamo Bay Preservation Act 
SEC. 10xx. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘United States Naval Station Guantanamo Bay Pres-ervation Act’’. 
SEC. 10xx. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, has been a strategic mili-tary asset critical to the defense of the United States and the maintenance of re-gional security for more than a century. (2) The United States continues to exercise control over the area of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, pursuant to the Guantanamo Lease Agreements, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00238 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.025 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2669 May 17, 2016 
were initiated and concluded pursuant to an Act of Congress. (3) Senior United States military leaders have consistently voiced strong support for maintaining United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, noting its strategic value for military basing and logistics, dis-aster relief, humanitarian work, terrorist de-tention, and counter-narcotics purposes. (4) On February 29, 2016, Secretary of De-fense Ashton B. Carter, discussing United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, stated that ‘‘it’s a strategic location, we’ve had it for a long time, it’s important to us and we intend to hold onto it’’. (5) On March 12, 2015, Commander of United States Southern Command, General John Kelly, testified that the United States facili-ties at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay ‘‘are indispensable to the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, and State’s operational and contingency plans. . . . As the only per-manent U.S. military base in Latin America and the Caribbean, its location provides per-sistent U.S. presence and immediate access to the region, as well as supporting a layered defense to secure the air and maritime ap-proaches to the United States’’. (6) In testimony before Congress in 2012, then-Commander of United States Southern Command, General Douglas Fraser, stated that ‘‘the strategic capability provided by U.S. Naval Station Guantanamo Bay re-mains essential for executing national prior-ities throughout the Caribbean, Latin Amer-ica, and South America’’. (7) Following a 1991 coup in Haiti that prompted a mass exodus of people by boat, United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, provided a location for temporary housing and the orderly adjudication of asy-lum claims outside of the continental United States. (8) In 2010, United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, was a critical hub for the provision of humanitarian disaster relief following the devastating earthquakes in Haiti. (9) The United States presence at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, has its origins in Acts of Congress un-dertaken pursuant to the powers of Congress expressly enumerated in the Constitution of the United States. (10) By joint resolution approved on April 20, 1898, Congress ‘‘directed and empowered’’ the President ‘‘to use the entire land and naval forces of the United States’’ as nec-essary to ensure that the Government of Spain ‘‘relinquish its authority and govern-ment in the island of Cuba, and withdraw its land and naval forces from Cuba and Cuban waters’’. (11) Congress declared war against Spain on April 25, 1898, which lasted until Decem-ber 10, 1898, when the United States and Spain signed the Treaty of Paris, in which Spain relinquished all claims of sovereignty over Cuba, and United States governance of Cuba was established. (12) Nearly three years later, in the Act of March 2, 1901 (Chapter 803; 31 Stat. 898), Con-gress granted the President the authority to return ‘‘the government and control of the island of Cuba to its people’’ subject to sev-eral express conditions including, in article VII of the Act of March 2, 1901, the sale or lease by Cuba to the United States of lands necessary for naval stations. (13) Pursuant to the authority granted by article VII of the Act of March 2, 1901, the United States negotiated the Guantanamo Lease Agreements, which specified the area of, and United States jurisdiction and con-trol over, what became United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (14) On October 2, 1903, when approving the Lease to the United States by the Govern-ment of Cuba of Certain Areas of Land and Water for Naval or Coaling Stations, signed in Havana on July 2, 1903, President Theo-dore Roosevelt cited the Act of March 2, 1901, as providing his authority to do so: ‘‘I, Theo-dore Roosevelt, President of the United States of America, having seen and consid-ered the foregoing lease, do hereby approve the same, by virtue of the authority con-ferred by the seventh of the provisions defin-ing the relations which are to exist between the United States and Cuba, contained in the Act of Congress approved March 2, 1901, enti-tled ‘An Act making appropriation for the support of the Army for the fiscal year end-ing June 30, 1902.’’’. (15) Obtaining United States naval station rights in Cuba was an express condition of the authority that Congress gave the Presi-dent to return control and governance of Cuba to the people of Cuba. In exercising that authority and concluding the Guanta-namo Lease Agreements, President Theodore Roosevelt recognized the source of that au-thority as the Act of March 2, 1901. (16) The Treaty of Relations between the United States of America and the Republic of Cuba, signed at Washington, May 29, 1934, did not supersede, abrogate, or modify the Guantanamo Lease Agreements, but noted that the stipulations of those agreements ‘‘shall continue in effect’’ until the United States and Cuba agree to modify them. (17) The Constitution of the United States expressly grants to Congress the power to provide for the common defense of the United States, the power to provide and maintain a Navy, and the power ‘‘to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States’’. 
SEC. 10xx. PROHIBITION ON MODIFICATION, AB-ROGATION, OR OTHER RELATED AC-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO UNITED STATES JURISDICTION AND CON-TROL OVER UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, WITHOUT CONGRESSIONAL ACTION. 
No action may be taken to modify, abro-gate, or replace the stipulations, agree-ments, and commitments contained in the Guantanamo Lease Agreements, or to impair or abandon the jurisdiction and control of the United States over United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, unless spe-cifically authorized or otherwise provided by— (1) a statute that is enacted on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) a treaty that is ratified with the advice and consent of the Senate on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; or (3) a modification of the Treaty Between the United States of America and Cuba signed at Washington, DC, on May 29, 1934, that is ratified with the advice and consent of the Senate on or after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 10xx. GUANTANAMO LEASE AGREEMENTS DEFINED. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘Guantanamo Lease Agreements’’ means— (1) the Agreement Between the United States of America and the Republic of Cuba for the Lease to the United States of Lands in Cuba for coaling and naval stations, signed by the President of the United States on February 23, 1903; and (2) the Lease to the United States by the Government of Cuba of Certain Areas of Land and Water for Naval or Coaling Sta-tions, signed by the President of the United States on October 2, 1903. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF  
WISCONSIN  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: SEC. 12xx. SENSE OF CONGRESS CONDEMNING CONTINUING ATTACKS ON MEDICAL FACILITIES IN SYRIA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Attacks intentionally targeting civil-ians, medical personnel, or medical facilities constitute grave violations of international humanitarian law. (2) In Syria, schools, markets, and hos-pitals are routinely destroyed in attacks and medical providers routinely targeted for at-tacks. (3) Physicians for Human Rights has docu-mented at least 350 airstrikes against med-ical facilities and the deaths of over 700 med-ical personnel in Syria since 2011. (4) So far in May 2016, there have been at least six attacks on medical facilities in the city of Aleppo alone in less than a week kill-ing dozens, including the last pediatrician still working in Aleppo. (5) These attacks seriously hinder access to medical care and are compounded by ongoing efforts by the Syrian regime to block or limit humanitarian aid to Syrians. (6) Secretary of State John Kerry has con-demned these attacks arguing, ‘‘there is no justification for this horrific violence that targets civilians or medical facilities or first responders no matter who it is, whether it’s a member of the opposition retaliating or the regime in its brutality against the civil-ians which has continued for five years.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Department of Defense and all other appropriate United States Government agen-cies should continue to strongly condemn and call for an immediate end to attacks on medical facilities and medical providers in Syria and work to ensure that doctors can do their job and provide care to the those in need; (2) humanitarian crises in Syria and Iraq, exacerbated by targeted attacks on medical facilities, personnel, and schools, threaten the achievement of United States goals in the region, such as destroying and disman-tling the Islamic State in Iraq and the Le-vant (ISIL) and peace and stability in the re-gion, including Syria; (3) the United States and international community should do more to support med-ical professionals and medical nonprofit or-ganizations working in Syria, at great risk to their personal well-being, to treat the ill and infirm and ensure some level of medical care for Syrians; and (4) the Department of Defense is strongly encouraged to support, where appropriate, other appropriate United States Government agencies and entities engaged in meeting ur-gent and increasing humanitarian and med-ical needs in Syria, especially in areas where medical facilities and providers have been targeted by the Syrian regime, ISIL, or Al- Qaeda. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . FORBES OF  
VIRGINIA  At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12xx. ANNUAL REPORT ON FOREIGN MILI-TARY SALES TO TAIWAN. 
Section 36 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2776) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) At the end of each fiscal year, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the Com-mittees on Armed Services and Foreign Re-lations of the Senate and the Committees on Armed Services and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that lists each request received from Taiwan and each letter of offer to sell any defense articles or services under this Act to Taiwan during 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00239 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.025 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2670 May 17, 2016 
such fiscal year. The report shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
MISSOURI  In the table of contents for bill, insert after the item pertaining to section 1867 the following: Subtitle F—Small Business Development Centers Improvements Sec. 1871. Short title. Sec. 1872. Use of authorized entrepreneurial development programs. Sec. 1873. Marketing of services. Sec. 1874. Data collection. Sec. 1875. Fees from private partnerships and cosponsorships. Sec. 1876. Equity for small business develop-ment centers. Sec. 1877. Confidentiality requirements. Sec. 1878. Limitation on award of grants to small business development centers. Page 832, insert after line 5 the following: Subtitle F—Small Business Development Centers Improvements 
SEC. 1871. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Small Business Development Centers Improvement Act of 2016’’ 
SEC. 1872. USE OF AUTHORIZED ENTREPRE-NEURIAL DEVELOPMENT PRO-GRAMS. 
The Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 48. USE OF AUTHORIZED ENTREPRE-NEURIAL DEVELOPMENT PRO-GRAMS. 
‘‘(a) E XPANDED SUPPORT FOR ENTRE -
PRENEURS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator shall only use the programs authorized in sections 7(j), 7(m), 8(a), 8(b)(1), 21, 22, 29, and 32 of this Act, and sections 358 and 389 of the Small Business Investment Act to deliver en-trepreneurial development services, entre-preneurial education, support for the devel-opment and maintenance of clusters, or busi-ness training. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—This section shall not apply to services provided to assist small business concerns owned by an Indian tribe (as such term is defined in section 8(a)(13)). ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Beginning on the first December 1 after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Administrator shall annually report to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship of the Senate on all entrepre-neurial development activities undertaken in the current fiscal year. This report shall include— ‘‘(1) a description and operating details for each program and activity; ‘‘(2) operating circulars, manuals, and standard operating procedures for each pro-gram and activity; ‘‘(3) a description of the process used to award grants under each program and activ-ity; ‘‘(4) a list of all awardees, contractors, and vendors (including organization name and lo-cation) and the amount of awards for the current fiscal year for each program and ac-tivity; ‘‘(5) the amount of funding obligated for the current fiscal year for each program and activity; and ‘‘(6) the names and titles for those individ-uals responsible for each program and activ-ity.’’. 
SEC. 1873. MARKETING OF SERVICES. 
Section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) NOPROHIBITION OF MARKETING OF  S
ERVICES .—The Administrator shall not pro-hibit applicants receiving grants under this section from marketing and advertising their services to individuals and small busi-ness concerns.’’. 
SEC. 1874. DATA COLLECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 21(a)(3)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)(3)(A)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘as provided in this section and’’ and inserting ‘‘as provided in this sec-tion,’’; and (2) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and (iv) governing data col-lection activities related to applicants re-ceiving grants under this section’’. (b) A
NNUAL REPORT ON DATACOLLECTION .— Section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648), as amended by section 1873 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) A
NNUAL REPORT ON DATA COLLEC -
TION.—The Administrator shall report annu-ally to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship of the Senate on any data collection ac-tivities related to the Small Business Devel-opment Center program.’’. (c) W
ORKING GROUP TO IMPROVE DATACOL-
LECTION .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT AND STUDY .—The Ad- ministrator of the Small Business Adminis-tration shall establish a Data Collection Working Group consisting of members from entrepreneurial development grant recipi-ents associations and organizations and Ad-ministration officials, to carry out a study to determine the best way to capture data collection and create or revise existing sys-tems dedicated to data collection. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than the end of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Data Collection Working Group shall issue a report to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate containing the findings and deter-minations made in carrying out the study re-quired under paragraph (1), including— (A) recommendations for revising existing data collection practices; and (B) a proposed plan for the Small Business Administration to implement such rec-ommendations. 
SEC. 1875. FEES FROM PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS AND COSPONSORSHIPS. 
Section 21(a)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)(3)(C)), as amended by section 1874, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) F
EES FROM PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS  
AND COSPONSORSHIPS .—Participation in pri-vate partnerships and cosponsorships with the Administration shall not limit small business development centers from col-lecting fees or other income related to the operation of such private partnerships and cosponsorships.’’. 
SEC. 1876. EQUITY FOR SMALL BUSINESS DEVEL-OPMENT CENTERS. 
Subclause (I) of section 21(a)(4)(C)(v) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)(4)(C)(v)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made available in any fiscal year to carry out this section not more than $600,000 may be used by the Administration to pay expenses enu-merated in subparagraphs (B) through (D) of section 20(a)(1).’’. 
SEC. 1877. CONFIDENTIALITY REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 21(a)(7)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)(7)(A)) is amended by in-serting after ‘‘under this section’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘to any State, local or Federal agen-cy, or third party’’. SEC. 1878. LIMITATION ON AWARD OF GRANTS TO SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648), as amended by section 1874, is further amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘any women’s business center operating pursuant to section 29,’’; (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q) L
IMITATION ON AWARD OF GRANTS .—Ex- cept for not-for-profit institutions of higher education, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator may not award grants (including contracts and coop-erative agreements) under this section to any entity other than those that received grants (including contracts and cooperative agreements) under this section prior to the date of the enactment of this subsection, and that seek to renew such grants (including contracts and cooperative agreements) after such date.’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The amend-ments made by this section may not be con-strued as prohibiting a women’s business center from receiving a subgrant from an en-tity receiving a grant under section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648). 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MS . ADAMS OF  
NORTH CAROLINA  In the table of contents for bill, insert after the item pertaining to section 1852 the following: Sec. 1853. Online component. Sec. 1854. Study and report on the future of the SCORE program. Sec. 1855. Technical and conforming amend-ments. Page 819, insert after line 2 the following: 
SEC. 1853. ONLINE COMPONENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8(c) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(c)), as amended by section 1852, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) O
NLINE COMPONENT .—In carrying out this subsection, the SCORE Association shall make use of online counseling, including by developing and implementing webinars and an electronic mentoring platform to expand access to services provided under this sub-section and to further support entre-preneurs.’’. (b) O
NLINE COMPONENT REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—At the end of fiscal year 2018, the SCORE Association shall issue a re-port to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship of the Senate on the effectiveness of the online counseling and webinars required as part of the SCORE program, including— (A) how the SCORE Association deter-mines electronic mentoring and webinar needs, develops training for electronic men-toring, establishes webinar criteria cur-ricula, and evaluates webinar and electronic mentoring results; (B) describing the internal controls that are used and a summary of the topics cov-ered by the webinars; and (C) performance metrics, including the number of small business concerns counseled by, the number of small business concerns created by, the number of jobs created and retained by, and the funding amounts di-rected towards such online counseling and webinars. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section, the terms ‘‘SCORE Association’’ and ‘‘SCORE program’’ have the meaning given those terms, respectively, under section 8(c)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(c)(1)). 
SEC. 1854. STUDY AND REPORT ON THE FUTURE ROLE OF THE SCORE PROGRAM. 
(a) S TUDY .—The SCORE Association shall carry out a study on the future role of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00240 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.025 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2671 May 17, 2016 
SCORE program and develop a strategic plan for how the SCORE program will evolve to meet the needs of small business concerns and potential future small business concerns over the course of the 5 years following the date of enactment of this Act, with markers and specific objectives for year 1, year 3, and year 5. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than the end of the 6-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the SCORE Associa-tion shall issue a report to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate con-taining— (1) all findings and determination made in carrying out the study required under sub-section (a); (2) the strategic plan developed under sub-section (a); (3) an explanation of how the SCORE Asso-ciation plans to achieve the strategic plan, assuming both stagnant and increased fund-ing levels. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the terms ‘‘SCORE Association’’ and ‘‘SCORE program’’ have the meaning given those terms, respectively, under section 8(c)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(c)(1)). 
SEC. 1855. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) S MALL BUSINESS ACT.—The Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 7(m)(3)(A)(i)(VIII) (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(3)(A)(i)(VIII)), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’; and (2) in section 22 (15 U.S.C. 649)— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’; and (B) in subsection (c)(12), by striking ‘‘Serv-ice Corps of Retired Executives’’ and insert-ing ‘‘SCORE program’’. (b) O
THER LAWS.— (1) Section 621 of the Children’s Health In-surance Program Reauthorization Act of 2009 (15 U.S.C. 657p) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) the term ‘SCORE program’ means the SCORE program authorized by section 8(b)(1)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(b)(1)(B));’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(4)(A)(iv), by striking ‘‘Service Corps of Retired Executives’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’. (2) Section 337(d)(2)(A) of the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6307(d)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Serv-ice Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE)’’ and inserting ‘‘SCORE program’’. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No. 7 in House Report 114–569 be modi-fied by the form I have placed at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read as follows: 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED  
BY MR . THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  At the end of title VIII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 843. BRIEFING ON DESIGN-BUILD CON-STRUCTION PROCESS FOR DEFENSE CONTRACTS. 
Not later than February 1, 2017, the Sec-retary of Defense shall provide to the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a briefing on the use and im-plementation of the two-phase design-build selection procedures. The briefing shall ad-dress the following: (1) How the Department of Defense con-tinues to implement the updates to the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation that imple-mented the 2015 amendments to section 2305a, title 10, United States Code. (2) A list of instances in which the Depart-ment awarded a design-build contract pursu-ant to section 2305a of title 10, United States Code, that had more than five finalists for phase-two requests for proposals during fis-cal year 2016, and the list of design-build re-quests for proposals that used a one-step process. (3) Any feedback the Department has re-ceived from industry. (4) Any challenges to the implementation of the statute. (5) Any additional criteria identified by the Secretary. Mr. THORNBERRY (during the read-ing). Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the modi-fication be dispensed with. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the modification? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 732, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ). Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, these amendments have been worked out with the minority. I believe that they should be acceptable to all Mem-bers. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I am not in opposition to the amendments. At this time, I am waiting for a speak-er. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of our national defense. We have a con-stitutional responsibility to provide for and maintain our military forces. And this legislation, H.R. 4909, prevents the President from reducing our troops’ pay raises and, most importantly, pro-vides our military with the resources they need to restore our readiness lev-els. Today, as we all know, we are facing threats from all around the world, and many of our adversaries are using new technologies and methods that require our forces to be able to adapt and re-spond more quickly than ever before. Our U.S. Cyber Command being uni-fied and fully funded is a critical as-pect of the whole picture, including Fort Gordon’s Cyber Center of Excel-lence. It will enable our military to be better prepared to respond to the threats we are facing today. Mr. Chairman, over the past several years, we have all been inundated with stories of the White House staffers who fall under the NSC umbrella, micro-managing both our foreign policy and our defense policy, even going so far as to circumvent or ignore senior officials altogether. I am strongly supportive of Chairman THORNBERRY ’s amendment to reduce the size of the National Security Coun-cil. He is absolutely right that 400 peo-ple is not the makeup of an advisory committee; that is the size of another executive agency. So I am in full support of H.R. 4909. I urge my colleagues to support that bill as well. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. G
IBSON ), a valued mem-ber of the House Committee on Armed Services. Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this bill. I thank the chairman and the ranking member. I think we have made significant progress in restoring readiness to our Armed Forces and also a marked progress in reform, which is very nec-essary to our national security going forward. Mr. Chairman, I want to express my gratitude to the chairman and ranking member for including a bill that I drafted along with the help of so many others—Chairman T
URNER , Representa-tive W
ALZof Minnesota—that stops the drawdown of our Armed Forces. So critically important for restoring de-terrents, peace through strength, is that we not give pink slips to the 67,000-plus troops that were heading in that direction in the next 2 years. This committee working together in a bi-partisan way stopped that drawdown, and I think that is critically impor-tant. Related, I would say that the work that we are doing on the global re-sponse force, the GRF, is also critically important to deterrents. And I believe that ultimately it strengthens the hands of diplomats when we have the ability to strategically maneuver. I am appreciative of the resources and the oversight in this bill to strengthen the GRF. Finally, let me say how much I really appreciate the pay raise to the troops. After 29 years in uniform, I can’t ade-quately describe how much I appreciate the sacrifices and the service of our servicemen and -women. Giving them this pay raise, I think, was critically important. I urge all my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Wis-consin (Ms. M
OORE ). Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman and ranking member for their support. My amendment would condemn the continuing attacks against and the in-tentional targeting of medical facili-ties and medical providers in Syria. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:19 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00241 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.025 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2672 May 17, 2016 
want to remind my colleagues that these facilities are entitled to protec-tion under international law. Yet, we continue to hear about airstrikes in Syria targeting these hospitals and medical facilities. Just pick up the newspaper. In 1 week, six facilities in Aleppo were targeted. Intentional attacks against hos-pitals, surgeons, nurses, and other healthcare workers is not a norm that we should accept. Neither is the Syrian Government’s blocking of humanitarian aid, includ-ing medical aid. Just last week, a U.N.- Red Cross aid convoy, including med-ical aid to a besieged Syrian city, was blocked by the Syrian Government. A former top U.N. humanitarian official tweeted his disgust that the aid had been blocked ‘‘because it carried baby milk.’’ The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 15 seconds to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I commend the courageous healthcare providers and nonprofit groups that are working in the midst of these attacks to provide health care to the millions under siege in Syria. Too many have died and too many more will die if we continue to be sorry. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT), another valuable member of the House Armed Services Committee. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chair, the world has become an in-creasingly unstable place due to con-flicts in the Middle East and provo-cations by Russia, China, and North Korea. In order to maintain our na-tional security in this environment, we must ensure that the United States military remains the best trained and most well-equipped fighting force in the world. My home State of Georgia plays an essential role in maintaining military readiness as we are the home to nine major military installations. As the only Republican from Georgia on the House Committee on Armed Services, it is an honor to serve as Georgia’s pri-mary voice in Congress on military issues. My top priority is to offer effective representation of Robins Air Force Base and Moody Air Force Base, in ad-dition to all of Georgia’s military in-stallations. That is why I am proud to support the House version of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, which came out of the House Committee on Armed Services with a bipartisan vote of 60–2. This legislation takes many impor-tant steps to rectify the damage to our military readiness done by President Obama’s cuts to our defense budget over the last few years. We have got some big wins for Geor-gia in this NDAA. We, again, fought to make sure that two of the Air Force’s most valuable platforms stay in the air: the A–10 flown out of Moody Air Force Base and E–8C Joint Surveil-lance Target Attack Radar System, better known as JSTARS, flown out of Robins Air Force Base. Both of these fleets are taking the fight to the enemy right now. The A–10 is currently engaged in the fight against ISIS in the Middle East and supporting our Special Forces by car-rying out precision strikes against these terrorists. Additionally, I am grateful that the committee adopted my amendment to delay retirement of the JSTARS through fiscal year 2018. This legisla-tion also provides for the recapitaliza-tion of that fleet. During the committee process, we moved to protect the C–130 depot work-load. Robins is an efficient and effec-tive depot center and has the potential to become the C–130 center of excel-lence for our country. I believe the House version of the NDAA sets us on a course that sustains military readiness, makes appropriate investments for future threats, con-tinues to reform the DOD’s outdated acquisition strategy, and supports the significant contributions that Robins, Moody, and other Georgia military in-stitutions make to our national de-fense. I urge my colleagues to support our troops, get our military readiness back on track, and pass H.R. 4909, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chairman, today I rise on behalf of the estimated one in five veterans of the Iraq and Afghani-stan wars who suffer with post-trau-matic stress disorder, or PTSD. The Department of Defense and the Veterans Health Administration have collaborated to develop clinical prac-tice guidelines for PTSD. According to a GAO report earlier this year, the Vet-erans Health Administration currently monitors the prescribing of medica-tions that are included in these guide-lines, but DOD and the Army do not. This discrepancy could result in nega-tive consequences for our men and women in uniform undergoing treat-ment in military medical facilities. My amendment would require each branch of the armed services to mon-itor the prescribing practices of medi-cations to treat symptoms of PTSD among servicemembers. By monitoring the prescribing practices, we can make sure our returning warfighters receive the proper treatment necessary to al-leviate the symptoms of PTSD. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). b1615 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, com-ing from the State of Texas, let me ex-press my continued appreciation for the men and women of the United States military, so many of them liv-ing in our State, so many different bases, so many veterans living in our State as well, which has caused me to continue to support the men and women who are posted overseas, those who are here domestically as well on bases here in the United States, and, of course, our veterans. As we move toward Memorial Day, it is important that we look holistically at our military and look at them as an entity that includes personnel. I want to take note of the fact that there is a 2.1 percent pay increase for military personnel and that this bill does update the Uniform Code of Military Justice to include new protections for victims of military sexual assaults. I am concerned, however, that the bill shortchanges war funding for ef-forts against ISIS and redirects funds that should continue to be used for base budget projects toward nonwar-re-lated base budget projects. Let me be clear that I think some of these projects are very important, but I would have wanted this legislation to deal with the fight against ISIS and not go into the contingency fund. As I indicated, I heard the debate and there was some suggestion that the Presi-dent’s budget went into the contin-gency fund, but in the way that it is done in this bill, it is larger than should be. I also want to take note of the fact that I have concerns regarding an amendment in the bill, and I hope that we will be able to address it because this amendment allows any religious corporation, religious association, reli-gious educational institution, or reli-gious society that receives a Federal grant or grant to claim religious ex-emptions from antidiscrimination pro-tections of LGBT individuals whom they may employ. I believe in the First Amendment and the separation of church and State and, as well, religious freedom, but under the Federal funding where we as tax-payers have the responsibility not to discriminate against anyone, this goes against that duty, and it also under-mines President Obama’s landmark 2014 executive order banning all Fed-eral contractors and grantees from dis-crimination on the basis of sexual ori-entation or gender identity. So I am hoping, Mr. Chairman, that we will have the opportunity to work through this legislation and to move forward in a way that embraces all Americans. I do want to thank, however, Chair-man THORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH and the Committee on Rules for making two of my amendments in order. They are in the en bloc No. 1 and No. 2. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00242 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.061 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2673 May 17, 2016 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. The amendments are amendment No. 8 and amendment No. 9. Amendment No. 8 calls for outreach for small-business concerns owned and controlled by women and minorities prior to conversion of certain functions to contract upfront performance. Amendment No. 9 requires the Gov-ernment Accountability Office to in-clude in its annual report to Congress a list of the most common grounds for sustaining protests relating to bids for contracts. These are important amendments be-cause they help to grow small busi-nesses owned and controlled by women and minorities before conversation of certain functions of contractor per-formance. This amendment seeks to provide information to businesses that may have little experience in govern-ment contracting to make them aware of new opportunities. Amendment No. 9 seeks a report to be provided to oversight committees to better understand the circumstances that impact when a company wins a Federal contract award that is chal-lenged. These challenges often come from companies that are big, com-peting for the same contract, and little companies can’t stand up. Successfully competing for a Federal contract can be difficult and costly, especially for new entrants into Federal contracting competition. I would ask my colleagues to support the included amendments and look for-ward to us working through this bill on some of the issues of concern. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY  and Ranking Member A
DAM SMITH and the Rules Committee for making in order and in-cluding in En Bloc Number 1 two of the amendments I have offered to ‘‘National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017.’’ The first of these amendments, Amendment Number 8 calls for outreach to small business concerns owned and controlled by women and minorities prior to conversion of certain func-tions to contractor performance. The second amendment, Jackson Lee Amendment Number 9, requires the Govern-ment Accountability Office to include in its an-nual report to Congress a list of the most com-mon grounds for sustaining protests relating to bids for contracts. Amendment Number 8 will provide informa-tion to businesses that may have little experi-ence in government contracting to make them aware of new opportunities to contract for business with the Department of Defense. There are instances where it is prudent and appropriate for agencies to engage in sole source contracting. This can occur if the work is highly special-ized and only one source can meet the needs of a component or agency. A sole source contract arrangement might arise because the work is only for a brief pe-riod of time. However, these sole source contracting ar-rangements may over time be converted to a competitive bidding process. The Jackson Lee amendment ensures that the Department of Defense make known to small and minority owned businesses when a sole source contract will be converted to a competitive bidding process. Having more competition for government contracting is the goal. Receiving notice that a new competitive bid-ding opportunity is coming does not mean that an award will be made to that business. However, the more businesses who com-pete for Federal government business the bet-ter off the government and the economy will be. Amendment Number 9 requires GAO to conduct a study and report to Congress on the successful challenges to competitive bid awards. Challenges to federal contract awarded by competitive bidding often come from compa-nies that were unsuccessful in winning the contract in the bidding process. Successfully competing for a federal con-tract can be difficult and costly especially for new entrants into federal competitive con-tracting. Challenges to federal contract awards, es-pecially when the winner is a small business can make it difficult for these businesses to pursue opportunities they have won. The amendment provides Congress relevant and useful information regarding how often challenges to a contract award are sustained and awards withdrawn, and upon which grounds. I thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH for including these amend-ments in the En Bloc Amendment Number 1, and I urge all Members to join me in voting for its adoption. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong sup-port of this amendment, the text of which was previously adopted and favorably reported by the Committee on Foreign Affairs as H.R. 4678. This amendment focuses on asserting Congress’s longstanding constitutional and legal authority to determine the future of the U.S. military base at Guantanamo, which sen-ior military officers continue to view as ‘‘indis-pensable’’ to our national security and to our strategic and humanitarian operations in this Hemisphere. For decades—and most recently during the President’s trip to Havana—the Cuban regime has demanded the return of the base as a prerequisite to the normalization of relations with the United States. This amendment lays out the legal and his-torical case why a President may not weaken U.S. ‘‘jurisdiction and control’’ over the base without affirmative Congressional action—ei-ther a new statute or a treaty concluded with Senate consent. U.S. Naval Station Guantanamo Bay is not a typical basing situation, and U.S. control is not premised on a treaty. Its history is wholly unique and has its roots in Acts of Congress. Cuba became an American protectorate after the U.S. prevailed in the Spanish-Amer-ican War, which Congress had declared in 1898. In 1901, Congress rightly granted the President conditional authority to return control and governance of the island to the people of Cuba, subject to the express requirement of securing U.S. Naval basing rights there. In fact, the Administration stated that it did not have the power to return governance until that Congressional condition had been met. When the President signed the 1903 Guan-tanamo Lease—the agreements under which the U.S. continues to exercise ‘‘complete juris-diction and control’’ over the base—the Presi-dent specifically cited the 1901 Act of Con-gress as providing his authority to do so. The last Treaty of Relations between the U.S. and Cuba (in 1934) did not nullify, re-place, or change the 1903 lease agreements, but noted that they ‘‘shall continue in effect’’ until the U.S. and Cuba agree to modify them. This means that any executive attempt to impair the United States’ ‘‘jurisdiction and con-trol’’ over Naval Station Guantanamo Bay without congressional authority would illegally nullify the 1901 Act of Congress, and infringe on Congress’s exercise of its express constitu-tional powers. Some say giving up Guantanamo isn’t in the cards. Why worry? The Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs has recently writ-ten, stating that ‘‘the United States has no plans to alter any of the arrangements regard-ing the base.’’ But saying that you ‘‘have no plans’’ to do something is not the same as saying that you will not do something. As we have seen in any number of prior situations—whether it be unfulfilled pledges of consultation with Con-gress prior to any Cuba policy change, or the 11th hour lifting of missile restrictions as part of the Iran nuclear deal—plans can change very quickly, for the worse, with no prior warn-ing to Congress. And we should be concerned about the next Administration’s plans. This amendment is about protecting congressional prerogative during this Administration, and the next, and the next. Congress needs to make clear its role in any decision to relinquish U.S. Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, which remains indispen-sable to our nation’s defense, and our support for regional stability. This amendment does this, and deserves our support. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc, as modi-fied, offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ). The en bloc amendments, as modi-fied, were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . WESTERMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–569. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1ll. FUNDING FOR SURFACE-TO-AIR MIS-SILE SYSTEM. 
(a) I NCREASE .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in di-vision D, the amount authorized to be appro-priated for procurement, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4101, for missile procurement, Army, surface-to- air missile system, MSE missile (Line 002) is hereby increased by $82,400,000. (b) O
FFSET .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00243 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.063 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2674 May 17, 2016 
the amount authorized to be appropriated for Department of Energy national security pro-grams, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4701, for Defense Nu-clear Nonproliferation, Defense Nuclear Non-proliferation Programs, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation R&D, Material manage-ment and minimization is hereby reduced by $82,400,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 732, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of my amendment for a budget neutral increase in fund-ing for Army surface-to-air missile sys-tems. The Patriot Advanced Capa-bility-3 Missile Segment Enhancement, or the MSE, is the next generation of the battle-proven PAC–3 interceptor for the Patriot air defense system. Along with its earlier generation PAC– 3 interceptor, the Missile Segment En-hancement is the world’s most capable air and missile defense missile. PAC–3 missiles are high-velocity interceptors that destroy incoming tar-gets with direct body-to-body impact. This hit-to-kill impact produces a tre-mendous amount of energy that defeats tactical ballistic missiles carrying weapons of mass destruction and/or submunition payloads, cruise missiles, unmanned aerial vehicles and aircraft. The MSE missile provides a 50 per-cent improvement in altitude and 100 percent improvement in range over earlier PAC–3 interceptors and is re-quired to address advance air and mis-sile defense threats. MSE capability is in great demand across the deployed force. In fact, the MSE missiles have been on the Army’s unfunded request top priorities list. Additional missiles have been on the Army UFR the past 2 years and have been funded by Congress. This amendment would allow ap-proximately 20 new missiles to be pur-chased in fiscal year 2017, which would put the total at 105 missiles, which is still below the fiscal year 2015 and fis-cal year 2016 levels. If we add these ad-ditional 20 missiles, the unit cost of the missiles would go down as well because of the quantity of scale in the program. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, yes, we would surely like to do what my col-league suggests. However, it does leave us rather vulnerable to terrorism, ter-rorism that would be carried out by those who might want to get their hands on highly enriched uranium or other elements to either make a bomb or to create a dirty bomb. The money comes from a very, very important fund, a fund that the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administra-tion uses to secure loose nukes and highly enriched uranium and other kinds of material that might be used in making a bomb. It would be wonderful if we could carry out what our col-league would like to do for the surface- to-air missiles. I mean, those are im-portant. But don’t take the money from this account. This account is extremely important in preventing the proliferation of nu-clear materials as well as how we need to convert those reactors around the world, including here in the United States, that are capable of producing plutonium and highly enriched ura-nium. I don’t have a problem with where the gentleman tends to augment the surface-to-air missile defense program or the air-to-surface program but, rath-er, from where he is taking, the ac-count. I would suggest to the gen-tleman that we would be far better off finding a different place, one that has far less risk to us. The terrorists are out there. They are looking to get their hands on this kind of fissile material, and they will be able to do so unless we use the money in this program from the National Nu-clear Security Administration, atomic agency, to secure these sites and mate-rials. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ROG-
ERS). Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of the gentleman from Arkansas’ amendment. The Army included Patriot MSE pro-curement as number 12 on its fiscal year 2017 UFR list to ‘‘mitigate critical shortfall in Army war reserve require-ments.’’ The ballistic missile threat from Russia, China, Pakistan, Iran, and North Korea is growing. We owe it to our men and women in uniform to give them the tools they need to defend themselves when we send them into harm’s way. I know that on the other side of the aisle they look at every dollar that goes to the defense nuclear non-proliferation budget as sacrosanct, but I know that the House Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies mark also has skep-ticism about whether this technology is ready for prime time. As the chairman of the Sub-committee on Strategic Forces, I urge the support of this amendment offered by the gentleman from Arkansas. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ). Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Chair, Sen-ator M
ARK KIRK, who used to be a Member of this body, told me a story a while back. He was a bomber pilot dur-ing the Bosnian war, and during that war he literally carried a map in his hands, and there was a red circle drawn around a particular point on that map, and it said, ‘‘Do not bomb here.’’ What was there? Loose nuclear mate-rials, unsecured, that could have been a disaster had we inadvertently struck that target. Loose nuclear materials are all around the world. We have a very spe-cialized program here called the global material security initiative program that helps secure these materials, brings down the risk that they will get into the wrong hands, brings down the risk of a nuclear explosion—which is an absolutely critical national security priority—to as close to zero as possible. I know it is not the intention of the au-thor of the amendment, my friend Mr. WESTERMAN , to undermine this pro-gram. In fact, I support the underlying in-tent of enhancing the surface-to-air missile program, but this is the wrong place to take this money from. The De-partment of State, the Department of the Treasury, the Department of De-fense, and the Department of Energy as well as other agencies are sharing in the multitasked effort to try to have a multipronged effect on reducing the probability of a nuclear weapons explo-sion, reducing the probability of nu-clear materials getting into the wrong hands to, again, as close to zero as pos-sible. That is why, as we move forward in looking at how to enhance important programs like my friend has raised, we should look for it in the right places and not undermine a critical aspect of our national security. I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I would also like to commend the Mate-rial Management and Minimization program for the work that they have done, but as was stated before, the House Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agen-cies of the Committee on Appropria-tions said: A significant portion of the highly enriched uranium minimization efforts going forward will involve multiyear research and development activities. To better align research and develop-ment-related activities with resident expertise for managing such activities within the Office of Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, the recommendation shifts funding responsibility for the de-velopment of fuel for high-performance research reactors and for dem-onstrating and commercially deploying domestic-based technologies for the production of the medical isotope Mo- 99 to defense nuclear proliferation re-search and development. Mr. Chairman, I believe this is the appropriate place to offset the funding for these additional missiles. These missiles are critical to our Nation’s de-fense. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00244 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.029 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2675 May 17, 2016 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. C
OOPER ). Mr. COOPER. Mr. Chair, I think most of us are very interested in supporting the MSE portion of this. I just worry about the offset. It is very important that we make sure we do not raid the nonproliferation account in order to pay for what may be a very worthy pri-ority. You remember that Secretary of De-fense Robert Gates didn’t even allow an unfunded request to be transmitted to Congress. That removed a certain temptation from us. We all know there are a number of these requests, and some of them should be funded, but to raid the nuclear safety account—be-cause that is basically what non-proliferation is—is a very dangerous precedent. I would urge the gentleman to reconsider. We hope to work on this amendment in conference, but this is not a piggy bank we are raiding. This is not a slush fund. This is an account that could keep America safe from a nuclear at-tack. I would urge the gentleman, as he pursues his very worthy priorities, to not pursue an offset in this area. I thank the gentleman. He is an ex-cellent Member, but I think that we should all be very aware of the impor-tance of the nonproliferation account. b1630 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I would like to emphasize that, even with these additional 20 missiles, we will still be below the numbers for FY 2015 and FY 2016. This is an unfunded request and high priority for the Army, and I encourage a positive vote on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–569. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1ll. FUNDING FOR LARGE AIRCRAFT IN-FRARED COUNTERMEASURES. 
(a) I NCREASE .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in di-vision D, there is authorized to be appro-priated $17,930,000 for procurement, Air Force, Large Aircraft Infrared Counter-measures. (b) O
FFSET .—Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated for research, development, test, and evaluation, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4201, for advanced compo-nent development & prototypes, Ground Based Strategic Deterrent (Line 044) is here-by reduced by $17,930,000. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 732, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, every day men and women from Travis Air Force Base fly the big C–17s and C– 130s and other heavy, large aircraft into harm’s way in Iraq, Afghanistan, and over and around Syria. Every day they are at risk. They are at risk from being shot down by a shoulder-fired missile. There is a defense for this. It is called the Large Aircraft Infrared Counter-measures defense system. It is one of the unfunded requests that the Air Force has made of us. This amendment would fund at least part of that request and provide a higher level of safety to the men and women in the Air Force that fly these large aircraft into harm’s way. I don’t think there is one of us here on the floor, in the House, or even in the Senate that would deny that flying these aircraft into the airfields of Af-ghanistan, even into Bagram, and cer-tainly into Baghdad, is always safe. It is not. There is a proliferation of these shoulder-fired MPADS, and they are in-creasingly available to the bad guys, who our men and women are trying to take out. So we are looking here to move $17- plus million from an account that is not needed—at least, the money is not needed at this time—over to something that is desperately needed, a defensive system for our large Air Force aircraft, removing the money from the new Min-uteman IV intercontinental ballistic missile program, which is not sched-uled to be fielded until 12 years from now, and taking that just short of $18 million out of that account and moving it over so that our pilots and crew members can be safer. We don’t need that money for these new intercontinental ballistic missiles that are 12 years away. What we need is to protect our men and women today with Large Aircraft Infrared Counter-measures equipment. That is what this is all about. It is pretty simple. It is a matter of choices: do we choose to protect our men and women today or augment a program that doesn’t need the money, according to the GAO. I choose to pro-tect our men and women today and not to fund a program that the GAO says doesn’t need this $17.9 million. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose the amendment, and so does the United States Air Force. The Air Force op-poses the offset in this amendment, which would take $17.9 million from the Ground-Based Strategic Deterrent, also called GBSD, program. I and the Air Force oppose the offset because the $17.9 million is already being used in a pending reprogramming action. Taking the money via this amendment would delay this program. This is what the Air Force says about taking this money: 
Removing these funds . . . would be a dou-ble-take to the program, hindering the GBSD contractors’ ability to fully fund their Tech-nology Maturation and Risk Reduction phase contracts. This would prevent the win-ning contractors from appropriately ramping up their efforts . . . and result in a 5-month delay. 
Furthermore, GAO does not support this reduction. The gentleman is bas-ing his argument on GAO’s initial draft budget fact sheet released over a month ago, which said that the $17 mil-lion offset may be available. However, in its final GAO budget fact sheet released today, GAO says: 
The Air Force’s Fiscal Year 2017 request for GBSD could be reduced by a total of $17.93 million—as long as the funds are not reprogrammed. 
In their final fact sheet, GAO also said that the GBSD account for FY 2017 should only be reduced to offset the ex-cess $17.93 million if the funds remain with the program and are not repro-grammed as currently planned. So both the GAO and the Air Force oppose the offset in this amendment. Furthermore, two successive Secre-taries of Defense say that nuclear de-terrence is DOD’s most important mis-sion. Here is Secretary Hagel: 
Our nuclear deterrent plays a critical role in assuring U.S. national security, and it is DOD’s highest priority mission. No other ca-pability we have is more important. 
And here is Secretary Carter: 
The nuclear mission is the bedrock of our security. It is what stands in the background and looms over every action this country takes on the world stage. It is the foundation for everything we do. 
In short, GBSD is the future of one leg of the triad and must remain on schedule. According to the Air Force and GAO, this amendment delays that schedule. Let’s be clear. This is an antinuclear disarmament amendment disguised as something else. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, this is most assuredly not a disarmament. We are scheduled to spend a trillion dollars on this kind of program. It is hardly a disarmament. We are talking about $17.9 million; yet, this nuclear security program is a trillion over the next 25 years. It is hardly a disarmament. The reality is that this money is not needed now. This money is going to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00245 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.067 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2676 May 17, 2016 
reprogrammed by the Air Force to be spent next year—without our author-ity, but I suppose with summary pro-graming authority—when we know that the Air Force has C–17s, C–130s, and other large aircraft that can be shot out of the sky now, not in 2028 and beyond, but now. Are we unwilling to protect our air-men and -women that are on these air-planes? This is not disarmament. This is about protecting the men and women that are flying dangerous missions into Afghanistan, into Iraq, into other places where the terrorists do have MPADS and can shoot them out of the sky. Don’t give me that business that this has something to do with disar-mament. This has to do with pro-tecting the men and women that are flying our large aircraft and giving them the protection that they need. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, this is about disarmament. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–569. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of title VIII the following new section: 
SEC. 843. POLICY REGARDING SOLID ROCKET MO-TORS USED IN TACTICAL MISSILES. 
(a) P OLICY .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that every tactical missile program of the Department of Defense that uses solid propellant as the primary propulsion system shall have at least two fully certified rocket motor suppliers in the event that one of the rocket motor suppliers is outside the na-tional technology and industrial base (as de-fined in section 2500(1) of title 10, United States Code). (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive subsection (a) in the case of compelling na-tional security reasons. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 732, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, this bipartisan amendment seeks to address the problem of America’s declining de-fense industrial base. Consider these facts. Since the 1980s, the number of American rocket motor companies has declined by 60 percent with only two companies remaining able to manufacture motors that pro-pel our missiles. The Department of Defense has al-ready published seven reports going back to 2009 and all the way up to last year, all talking about specifically warning of the danger of this decline of our solid rocket motor industrial base. In these reports, they use terms like ‘‘at risk,’’ ‘‘vulnerable,’’ ‘‘shrinking,’’ ‘‘atrophying,’’ and ‘‘fragile.’’ Despite these reports, the Air Force has permitted outsourcing of rocket motors for tactical missiles to foreign companies without even giving other U.S. companies the opportunity to compete. Mr. Chairman, this illustrates why so many Americans are frustrated with Washington. The DOD has identified a problem, but they haven’t done any-thing about it since these reports have been surfacing. This amendment will help correct the problem, strengthen the solid rocket motor industrial base, and possibly cre-ate American manufacturing jobs. The amendment simply says that, if there is a foreign supplier for solid rocket motors on our missiles, the DOD must ensure there is a second sup-plier available. The second supplier can be domestic or it can be foreign. Last year a similar provision passed in the House NDAA, but was removed in conference with the Senate. Since that time, we have modified this amendment to try to find a com-promise that would be acceptable. Now, the bottom line is: This is about an opportunity to strengthen America’s industrial base and Amer-ican jobs. The question remains: Does Congress stand for American jobs or with contin-ued foreign outsourcing and weakening our fragile manufacturing capacity? Mr. Chairman, let’s give our firms in America an opportunity to compete. I would like to thank Chairman THORNBERRY for his support of this amendment and his staff for working with us as well as our bipartisan spon-sors of this amendment. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amend-ment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ari-zona (Ms. M
CSALLY ). Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong opposition to this pro-posed amendment. Although I have re-spect for my colleague and teammate, I have strong reservations and opposi-tion to this amendment. This amendment is a solution in search of a problem. It would delay critical missile capabilities to the warfighter and will be more costly to the taxpayer. Only two tactical missile programs in production today use international motors, and both of them are made by our friend, Norway. If enacted, prime contractors will have to pause production of critical tactical missiles and spend tens of mil-lions in compliance costs to certify an alternative product that does not cur-rently exist. What is more, while we wait for the second company to develop a working product line, we will slow production of missiles needed by warfighters today. The history for why past programs have used international motors is im-portant to keep in mind. In 2011, after a history of success, the AMRAAM missile, which is a critical air-to-air missile—and, as a fighter pilot, I know a little bit about capabilities—that was built by a domestic company, but began to fail in cold weather. Think about that. You are a fighter pilot. You have been called to engage with the enemy. You have got them in your sight. b1645 You hit the pickle button and the missile fails on you; puts your life at risk and the risk of air superiority and our military capabilities and the mili-tary mission. In that circumstance, the domestic company was unable to solve the prob-lem, so we turned to a back-up com-pany in Norway. Our NATO ally, Nor-way, stepped in to fill the production gap for the AMRAAM program, which produces missiles we sell to dozens of our partner nations to guarantee air superiority in any contingency. Without our foreign partner, the AMRAAM program could have been shut down for up to 5 years. Instead, we turned around a 2-year production lag and put the missile program ahead of schedule. If this amendment passes, it will put a dangerous pause on this critical air- to-air missile program, risking air su-periority for us and our allies. If the domestic producer, which will benefit from this amendment, wants its rocket motors back on the AMRAAM missile, they need to fix their quality issues and compete when the shortfalls are addressed instead of asking Con-gress to take up the slack with an ear-mark-like amendment like this one. The amendment puts parochial inter-ests above what is best for our fighter pilots, our warfighters, and our mili-tary readiness. That is not right, and we owe it to our troops to shoot it down. In closing, the Department of De-fense, the Navy and the Air Force have all expressed strong opposition to this amendment. The Pentagon believes this language would require significant program in-vestment and ultimately result in in-creased program costs that will be passed on to the taxpayer or come at the expense of other important defense spending and readiness, which we are trying to fix in this bill today. We sim-ply cannot afford it. Current law already provides the au-thority for the Department of Defense to address this issue. Mandating two vendors is merely a clever effort to es-sentially put an earmark for a specific 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00246 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.070 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2677 May 17, 2016 
defense company into this bill. This same amendment was debated last year, but it was dropped in conference. It will ultimately harm our warfighters in a time that we need to be giving them every advantage, ensuring the equipment that they have is reliable. I strongly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from West Virginia has 2
1⁄4minutes re-maining. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let’s try to clarify this. And I do ap-preciate the remarks of my colleague. We are talking about a situation that when the performance specification was changed, there was a problem. I recognize that. But the problem here, or the issue here is that the defense already was embarking on going overseas to find a supplier before there were any prob-lems that had surfaced with this. This has been cleared. We understand that. Now, let’s go further with this. We are not talking about just an American firm. There are two, possibly there could be another one that could emerge, three or four. Remember, we used to have far more rocket motor manufacturers in America. We are down to two now. Now, maybe there is going to be a foreign corporation, someone else that surfaces with this. We know there are others. But it just seems patently shortsighted for us in America, with all this purchasing power that we have, to limit ourselves to one supplier, one supplier. So what we are saying is, fulfill the specifications, find out whether or not you can get another firm as qualified to be able to do this, whether it is for-eign or domestic. But let’s have com-petition. For the American public and our defense and our spending, I think it is a fiscally responsible thing to do to try to find a way to be responsible in our dollars. So it may be an American firm. Quite frankly, I hope it is. And then we can stimulate our declining in-dustrial defense base. But if it is some-one else, at least we are going to find we have competition. And unless I am wrong, I always thought that the American way was finding competition to be able to compete with us. This amendment gives us an oppor-tunity. Since 2009, our government has come out with report after report after report after report that there is a prob-lem. We need to address it. But they have done nothing other than outsourcing this material. I think it is time that we take action, we allow an opportunity for a second firm to compete. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKIN-
LEY). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia will be postponed. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLD-
ING) assumed the chair. 
f 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A further message from the Senate by Ms. Byrd, one of its clerks, an-nounced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 2040. An act to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and for other purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R OTHFUS ). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Re-port 114–569. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title IX, add the following new section: 
SEC. 9ll. REFORM OF NATIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The National Security Council has in-creasingly micromanaged military oper-ations and centralized decisionmaking with-in the staff of the National Security Council. The size of the staff has contributed this problem. (2) As stated by former Secretary of De-fense Robert M. Gates, ‘‘It was the oper-ational micromanagement that drove me nuts of White House and [National Security Council] staffers calling senior commanders out in the field and asking them questions, second guessing commanders’’, and by an-other former Secretary of Defense Leon Pa-netta, ‘‘[B]ecause of that centralization of that authority at the White House, there are too few voices being heard in terms of the ability to make decisions and that includes members of the cabinet.’’. (3) Gates stated, ‘‘You have 25 people work-ing on a single military problem... They are going to be doing things they shouldn’t be doing,’’ and Panetta noted, ‘‘The National Security Council has grown enormously, which means you have a lot more staff peo-ple running around at the White House on these foreign policy issues.’’. (4) Press reports indicate that National Se-curity Council micromanagement has in-cluded selecting targets in ongoing military operations, specifying detailed parameters and limitations on military operations, and managing military planning and the execu-tion of plans. (5) As stated in section 101(a) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021(a)), the ‘‘function of the Council shall be to ad-vise the President with respect to the inte-gration of domestic, foreign, and military policies relating to the national security so as to enable the military services and the other departments and agencies of the Gov-ernment to cooperate more effectively in matters involving the national security’’. (6) As stated in the November 1961 staff re-ports and recommendations on ‘‘Organizing for National Security’’ submitted to the Committee on Government Operations of the Senate by the Subcommittee on National Policy Machinery, ‘‘The Council is an inter-agency committee: It can inform, debate, re-view, adjust, and validate... The Council is not a decisionmaking body; it does not itself make policy. It serves only in an advisory capacity to the President, helping him arrive at decisions which he alone can make.’’. (7) As noted in the 1987 Report of the Presi-dent’s Special Review Board (commonly known as the ‘‘Tower Commission Report’’), ‘‘As a general matter, the [National Security Council] staff should not engage in the im-plementation of policy or the conduct of op-erations. This compromises their oversight role and usurps the responsibilities of the de-partments and agencies.’’. (8) As noted in the ‘‘Addendum on Struc-ture and Process Analyses: Volume II – Exec-utive Office of the President,’’ accompanying the February 2001 U.S. Commission on Na-tional Security/21st Century (commonly known as the ‘‘Hart-Rudman Commission’’), ‘‘[T]he degree to which the [National Secu-rity Council] gets involved in operational issues raises a question of congressional oversight. Today there is limited congres-sional oversight of the [National Security Council]... Assigning the [National Security Council] greater operational responsibility would likely result in calls for more congres-sional oversight and legislative control...’’. (9) According to analysis from the Brook-ings Institution’s National Security Council Project, the size of the National Security Council staff from the early 1960s to the mid- 1990s remained consistently under 60 per-sonnel. Since then, it has grown signifi-cantly in size. (10) As former National Security Advisor, Zbigniew Brzezinski, wrote in ‘‘The NSC’s Midlife Crisis’’ in Foreign Policy, Winter 1987–1988, ‘‘There is no magic number, but it would appear that for successful strategic planning and policy coordination 30-40 senior staff members are probably adequate. How-ever, to ensure effective supervision over policy implementation as well, the size of the staff should be somewhat larger. An opti-mal figure for the senior staff probably would be about 50 senior staff members.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the function of the National Security Council, consistent with the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), is to advise the President as an independent hon-est broker on national security matters, to coordinate national security activities across departments and agencies, and to make recommendations to the President re-garding national security objectives and pol-icy, and the size of the staff of the National Security Council should be appropriately aligned to this function; (2) the President is entitled to privacy in the Office of the President and to a confiden-tial relationship with the National Security Advisor and the National Security Council; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00247 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.073 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2678 May 17, 2016 
(3) however, a National Security Council, enabled by a large staff, that assumes a cen-tral policymaking or operational role is no longer advisory and should be publicly ac-countable to the American people through Senate confirmation of its leadership and the activities of the Council subject to direct oversight by Congress. (c) A
MENDMENTS TO NATIONAL SECURITY  A
CT OF 1947.—Section 101 of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021), is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’; (B) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(7) the Assistant to the President for Na-tional Security Affairs.’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘shall re-ceive compensation at the rate of $10,000 a year.’’ and inserting ‘‘shall report to, and be under the general supervision of, the Assist-ant to the President for National Security Affairs.’’; (3) by redesignating subsections (d) through (l) as subsections (e) through (m), respectively; and (4) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d)(1)(A) Except as provided by subpara-graph (B), the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs shall be appointed by the President. ‘‘(B) If the staff of the Council exceeds 100 covered employees at any point during a term of the President, and for the duration of such term (without regard to any changes to the number of such covered employees), the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate. ‘‘(2)(A) Beginning on the date on which the staff of the Council exceeds 100 covered em-ployees, the person appointed as the Assist-ant under paragraph (1)(A), the person nomi-nated by the President to be appointed the Assistant under paragraph (1)(B), or any other person designated by the President to serve as the Assistant in an acting capacity, may serve in an acting capacity for no longer than 210 days. ‘‘(B) If the person nominated by the Presi-dent to be appointed the Assistant under paragraph (1)(B) is rejected by the Senate, withdrawn, or returned to the President by the Senate, the President shall nominate an-other person and the person serving as the acting Assistant may continue to serve— ‘‘(i) until the second nomination is con-firmed; or ‘‘(ii) for no more than 210 days after the second nomination is rejected, withdrawn, or returned. ‘‘(3) The President shall notify Congress in writing not more than seven days after the date on which the staff of the Council ex-ceeds 100 covered employees. ‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘covered employees’ means each of the following offi-cers and employees (counted without regard to full-time equivalent basis): ‘‘(A) Officers and employees occupying a position funded by the Executive Office of the President performing a function of the Council. ‘‘(B) Officers, employees, and members of the Armed Forces from any department, agency, or independent establishment of the executive branch of the Government that are on detail to the Council performing a func-tion of the Council.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3(12) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6402(12)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 101(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 101(l)’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 732, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Chairman, this amendment goes to an issue that relates to the ability of Congress to do its job under the Con-stitution and the appropriate balance of powers because I think everybody agrees that a President ought to have advisers, and that there ought to be a zone, a protected zone for those advis-ers to offer advice to the President. But the problem is when those advis-ers do more than advise, when they di-rect, and when they, in fact, get into the operational military chain of com-mand, that is a problem. What we have seen in recent years is a tremendous increase in the number of staff at the National Security Council. And what we have also seen is an as-tonishing increase in micromanage-ment and direction of military forces that come from these NSC staffers. In effect, they insert themselves into the military chain of command and, yet, they are not confirmed by the Sen-ate, nor is their supervisor, and they never have to come testify to us about the direction they give the military. That is the reason that there has de-veloped an imbalance in the balance of powers as constructed under the Con-stitution. Every previous Secretary of Defense in the Obama administration has com-plained about this. Typical are the comments of Secretary Gates: It was the operational micromanagement that drove me nuts of the White House and national security staffers calling senior commanders out in the field sec-ond-guessing commanders. Secretary Panetta and Secretary Hagel have said similar things, as has former Under Secretary Michele Flournoy. So my amendment does not tell the President how many people he can have. He can have 10,000 if he wants, but if he goes above a certain number, they are not just advising, they are di-recting, and the National Security Ad-viser must then be confirmed by the Senate. This will not affect President Obama. It is the next President. But the next President will have a choice. Do you have a relatively small or the histori-cally average number of advisers? If you do more, you have to get con-firmed by the Senate. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield myself 2 minutes. The problem is—just two quick points here—first of all, as we have dis-cussed throughout the conversation about the Department of Defense au-thorization bill this year, the threat environment has grown much more complex, and the rise in the size of the national security staff is a reflection of that, of the various different chal-lenges that are throughout the world. They have tried to find expertise in all of these different areas, and lim-iting them to 100, at this point, given the responsibilities that they have, would basically take it all the way down to the point where the admin staff would be the most that they could put in place. They have needs for the number of people that they have. Now, the second problem that Mr. T
HORNBERRY points out, I think, is a very legitimate problem. The thing is, whether you have 100 or 400, the Presi-dent’s NSC staff can do the same thing; they can not pay attention to the De-partment of Defense to the degree that they should. That has nothing to do with how many people there happen to be at the NSC. I agree with Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY that that has been a problem. Certainly we would like Commanders in Chief to be more in touch with the Department of Defense and with the commanders in the field, and not be overridden by the NSC, but that is a problem that exists, regardless of the numbers or even what you call the President’s staff. So I think this amendment would significantly hamper the ability of the National Security Council to do the job that it was appointed or created to do, which is to keep the President advised of all the various different threats that are out there. And to give them the ability to do that, they are going to need more than 100 people. So I will oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ), the distinguished chairman of the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chair, I stand in whole support of what Chairman T
HORNBERRY is proposing. Section 101 of the National Security Act of 1947 says: ‘‘The function of the Council shall be to advise the President ...  ’ ’  Obviously, we want the President to get the best advice possible, but, his-torically, the National Security Act designated—they had between 50 and 60 people between the 1960s and the mid 1990s. But now it has grown to hun-dreds of people. We are talking about literally 400 people, by some counts, and we have got an NSC that is now not necessarily accountable. I would like to see the Senate confirmation if it moves about 100. What we see is the NSC is not only engaging in direction on the field, but also engaging in public relations bat-tles and doing things well outside, I think, the scope that was originally put forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00248 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.034 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2679 May 17, 2016 
Mr. Chairman, today we had a hear-ing. We had called Ben Rhodes to come testify to this hearing. But then, claiming executive privilege, Neil Eggleston, the General Counsel, said this person could not come. Ben Rhodes goes and talks to the media, he talks to his echo chamber. Ben Rhodes will go out and do public speaking. He will do everything except come testify in front of Congress, and then hides behind this shield that does not allow for openness and trans-parency. We want an NSC that helps make policy and direct operations and should be publicly accountable, if that is what they are going to be doing. The President has a choice. Keep the NSC small and advisory to maintain the status quo. That is what it was originally intended to do, but it has gone far more than that. It has become a public relations machine. It has be-come something that is problematic at every level. I think Chairman T
HORNBERRY is ex-actly right. I think all of our col-leagues should support this amend-ment. It is the right thing to do, and I stand in whole support of it. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, H.L. Mencken once said that for every human problem there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong. I have a lot of sympathy for Mr. T
HORNBERRY ’s amendment and for what is behind it. He talks about micromanagement. Micromanagement goes back to the very founding of the National Security Council. You think that Richard Nix-on’s Secretary of State and Secretary of Defense didn’t think Henry Kis-singer micromanaged when he was the National Security Adviser? He surreptitiously altered the U.S. policy to China, on his own, with his staff at NSC. There is a long tradition of micro-management and interference, and I have no doubt that Mr. T
HORNBERRY is right. Every Secretary of Defense and every Secretary of State would have a similar complaint. Of course they would, and they might be right. To elevate this job over 100 people, to Senate confirmation, actually aggra-vates the problem. Now you are going to codify the micromanagement. You are actually going to make this a pol-icymaking apparatus, in direct com-petition with the very department you are trying to help, the Department of Defense and the Department of State. It is the wrong answer to the growing size of an NSC. I don’t remember Republican com-plaints about the growth of the NSC under the previous administration, and maybe we can work together in the fu-ture to try to make sure that we have a more manageable size. I applaud, certainly, the fact that the current NSC administrator has reduced the NSC by 12 percent. I know we can do better. But I don’t think this amendment is the way to do it, re-spectfully. b1700 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I would inform the gentleman that I have no further speakers and am pre-pared to close on this side if the gen-tleman is. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time just to reiterate the argu-ment. The National Security Council was formed for the very specific purpose of allowing the President to have that type of confidential advisement where people could speak frankly and give the President the advice that he needs to make decisions on matters of na-tional security. Regrettably, our na-tional security environment has grown more complex. I will point out that the current Na-tional Security Adviser has actually shrunk the size of the National Secu-rity Council since she took over. It was 411, and it is now down to 365. So they are making efforts to get that under control. But to shrink this to 100 and, as Mr. CONNOLLY pointed out, to make it subject to Senate confirmation would simply lock it in as a competing force to the very entities that the sponsor of this amendment would like to see have a greater voice, and there-fore it would be counterproductive and would not achieve its goal even though, again, I certainly agree that there should be greater transparency. I don’t think there is a Member of Congress who has not complained at some point throughout the history about the lack of transparency between the White House and Congress on mat-ters of national security. That battle will continue whether this amendment passes or not. I don’t think this amend-ment will advance the interests of na-tional security, and, therefore, I oppose it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, this amendment does not require any President to do any-thing. There is a choice, and the choice that any President will face is, if you go above a certain number, then I think common sense tells us that these folks are doing more than advising; they are in operations. As a matter of fact, the former Under Secretary of Defense for Policy in the Obama administration Pentagon, Ms. Flournoy, has testified that, as the staffs grow, they tend to get more into operational details and tactical kinds of oversight. Historically, when you have had smaller national security staffs—for example, the Scowcroft era—they had a very clear under-standing of what their role was. This is a matter of common sense. Absolutely, there are no guarantees. You might have one person who would try to direct; but, generally, the more people you have got, the more stuff they are going to try to micromanage. So I don’t prevent a President from doing anything with this amendment. I simply say that it is a choice. You can have 100 people or fewer and not go be-fore the Senate. If you have more than that, you have got to get Senate con-firmed like the Director of OMB is now. I think that is what makes sense. I hope Members will support the amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part B of House Report 114–569. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike sections 1032 and 1033. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 732, the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would strike sections 1032 and 1033 of the bill, which prohibit the use of funds to transfer detainees from Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States or to construct or expand any facility in the U.S. to house any individual currently detained at Guantanamo. Simply put, the section is designed to prevent the closure of the detention fa-cility at Guantanamo and to make it as difficult as possible to transfer de-tainees to a different facility. My amendment is intended to do the oppo-site and to finally bring to a close a shameful chapter of American history. The President’s Statement of Admin-istration Policy says the following: ‘‘The administration strongly objects to several provisions of the bill that re-late to the detention facility at Guan-tanamo Bay, Cuba. As the administra-tion has said many times before, oper-ating this facility weakens our na-tional security by draining resources, damaging our relationships with key allies and partners, and emboldening violent extremists. In February, the administration submitted a com-prehensive plan to safely and respon-sibly close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and to bring this chapter of our history to a close. Rather than taking steps to close the facility, this bill aims to extend its op-eration. Sections 1032 and 1033 would continue to prohibit the use of funds to transfer Guantanamo detainees to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00249 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.077 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2680 May 17, 2016 
United States or even to construct or modify any facility in the United States to house detainees. These re-strictions would limit the ability of the executive branch to take the steps nec-essary to develop alternative locations for a detention facility, and from ful-filling its commitment to close the fa-cility at Guantanamo.’’ Mr. Chairman, it is truly astonishing that in 2016 the United States con-tinues to hold people indefinitely who have not been charged, let alone con-victed, of any crime and who, in some cases, have been judged not to pose any threat to the United States. By con-tinuing to hold prisoners indefinitely without charging them and without trial is inconsistent with our professed support of liberty. Now, I know some will say the de-tainees are dangerous terrorists, and some undoubtedly are. But some of them are not. They are merely people who were captured in some way but who have not been charged or judged as terrorists. Some of them are simply victims of the fact that the United States paid bounties to people in Af-ghanistan years ago to turn in people who they said were terrorists. The Hat-fields turned in the McCoys because— why not? We were giving them a boun-ty of a few thousand dollars a head. For the truly dangerous, we ought to prosecute them and, if convicted, pun-ish them appropriately. We have, for those who need it, supermax prisons in the United States from which no one has ever escaped. There is no reason to spend so much money in Guantanamo and have this continuing shame on the reputation of the United States. Speaking of money, GTMO is the world’s most expensive prison by far. We are spending about $2.9 million an-nually per prisoner. It costs us less than $35,000 per prisoner to hold some-one in a supermax facility in the United States. Frankly, they don’t de-serve the spending. We should be spend-ing that money here in the United States, not on terrorists, but on teach-ers or maybe on defense. No one will argue that that money could not be spent better somewhere else. Finally, Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD a letter signed by more than 30 retired generals urging the Congress to responsibly close the de-tention facility at Guantanamo. They quote President George Bush when he said that the facility had become a ‘‘propaganda tool for our enemies.’’ MARCH 1, 2016. Senator J
OHNMCCAIN, Chairman, Senate Armed Services Committee, Russell Senate Building, Washington, DC. Senator J
ACKREED, Ranking Member, Senate Armed Service Com-mittee, Russell Senate Building, Wash-ington, DC. Representative M
ACTHORNBERRY , Chairman, House Armed Services Committee, Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. Representative A
DAMSMITH, Ranking Member, House Armed Services Com-mittee, Rayburn House Office Building. Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMEN AND RANKING MEMBERS : For over seven years we, a group of retired flag and general officers of the United States Armed Forces, have advocated the respon-sible closure of the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay. We have done this because it is what is best for our country. It is in our national security interests, and above all, it is about reestablishing who we are as a coun-try. Last week the administration presented its plan for closing the Guantanamo Bay deten-tion facility. As the chairmen and ranking members of the House and Senate Armed Service Committees, yours is a solemn re-sponsibility. We write to encourage you to use this plan as a foundation to come to-gether and find a path to finally shutter the detention facility. This should not be a polit-ical issue. Former President George W. Bush determined that Guantanamo should be closed because, in his words, ‘‘. . . the deten-tion facility had become a propaganda tool for our enemies and a distraction for our al-lies. I worked to find a way to close the pris-on without compromising security.’’ The current plan similarly seeks to achieve that objective, following the advice of our na-tion’s top military, intelligence, and law en-forcement leaders. Closing Guantanamo will not be easy, but it is the right thing to do, and we call on you to work together to accomplish it. We take heart that our nation has elected people who will exercise their conscientious judgment, but who will not allow politics to obscure courage. Compromise for the common good is the true exercise of leadership and cour-age. Sincerely, General Charles Krulak, USMC (Ret); Vice Admiral Richard H. Carmona, USPHS (Ret.); Lieutenant General Robert G. Gard, Jr., USA (Ret.); Lieutenant General Richard L. Kelly, USMC (Ret.); Lieutenant General Charles Otstott, USA (Ret.); Lieutenant General Keith J. Stalder, USMC (Ret.); Major Gen-eral Eugene Fox, USA (Ret.); Rear Admiral John D. Hutson, JAGC, USN (Ret.); Major General Michael R. Lehnert, USMC (Ret.); Major General Eric T. Olson, USA (Ret.); Major General Walter L. Stewart, Jr., USA (Ret.); Major General Margaret Woodward, USAF (Ret.); Brigadier General David M. Brahms, USMC (Ret.); Brigadier General James P. Cullen, USA (Ret.). General David M. Maddox, USA (Ret.); Lieutenant General John Castellaw, USMC (Ret.); Vice Admiral Lee F. Gunn, USN (Ret.); Lieutenant General Claudia J. Ken-nedy, USA (Ret.); Lieutenant General Nor-man R. Seip, USAF (Ret.); Major General Paul D. Eaton, USA (Ret.); Rear Admiral Don Guter, JAGC, USN (Ret.); Major General Carl B. Jensen, USMC (Ret.); Major General William L. Nash, USA (Ret.); Major General Thomas J. Romig, USA (Ret.); Major General Antonio M. Taguba, USA (Ret.); Brigadier General John Adams, USA (Ret.); Brigadier General Stephen A. Cheney, USMC (Ret.); Brigadier General Evelyn P. Foote, USA (Ret.). Brigadier General Alan K. Fry, USA (Ret.); Brigadier General David R. Irvine, USA (Ret.); Brigadier General Richard O’Meara, USA (Ret.); Brigadier General Daniel P. Woodward, USAF (Ret.); Brigadier General Leif H. Hendrickson, USMC (Ret.); Brigadier General John H. Johns, USA (Ret.); Briga-dier General Murray G. Sagsveen, USA (Ret.); Brigadier General Stephen N. Xenakis, USA (Ret.). Mr. NADLER. So, again, for all these reasons—it weakens our security, it drains our resources, it emboldens our enemies, and it is contrary to liberty and everything that we stand for—I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and to lift these restric-tions on closing the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay. If people must be kept in prison, then they can be kept here a heck of a lot more cheaply and without subjecting us to the continued propaganda against Guantanamo. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ), a distin-guished member of the Armed Services Committee. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I want to take par-ticular issue with a point made by the gentleman from New York. He is say-ing we can’t afford to keep Guanta-namo open. I stand here today and de-clare to you that we can’t afford to close it. Let’s look at the numbers. According to SOUTHCOM, which runs the deten-tion facility, the annual operating cost is just over $100 million. However, ac-cording to this administration’s own figures, the cost to renovate a facility in the United States is nearly half a billion dollars, not including the an-nual operating costs. Mr. Chairman, what is the life of an American worth? Is the gentleman from New York willing to stand here and have that conversation? I don’t think so. This is a misguided amendment that would not make Americans safer. It is in the best interests of our national se-curity to keep Guantanamo Bay open, and, as the numbers show, it is also in the best interests of the American tax-payer. I just also want to respond to another quick comment over here where he talked about some of those people are just merely detained. I just want to re-mind us in this Chamber that these are the worst of the worst. These are the most hardened terrorists the world has ever seen, and, more importantly, they have the blood of Americans on their hands and should be kept in a safe fa-cility where they are. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues reject this amendment. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00250 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.080 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2681 May 17, 2016 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York has 1 minute remain-ing. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, we have heard again the mantra from the other side: These people are the worst of the worst. They have American blood on their hands. Some of them may, but many of them don’t. They have not been tried. I don’t know with what authority you say they are the worst of the worst; they have American blood on their hands. True of some, not of others. What kind of system is it for the United States to simply take people, not try them, not accuse them, and hold them indefinitely because some-body says that they are the worst of the worst? On what authority and on what proof? As for the funding, it costs between $3 million and $5 million—$2.9 million here in 2013, closer to $5 million now— per person per year. It costs $35,000 to hold someone in a supermax facility. I don’t know why we have to build new supermax facilities, but if we do, we should. The point is it is incredibly ex-pensive to keep them there for no rea-son. Again, some of those people ought to be tried and sentenced to life imprison-ment or whatever, some of them ought to be freed. Some of them have been judged not to be, have already been found not to be a danger to the United States. Simply repeating over and over again that they are all the worst of the worst, they all have American blood on their hands, when it is simply not true—some of them yes, some of them no—does not make the case. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ) of the Armed Services Committee. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the Nadler amend-ment because the amendment would allow detainees currently housed at Guantanamo to be transferred to the United States. Why? Why do you want to do that, to endanger our commu-nities? That is what I ask, Mr. Chair-man. I served at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. We were attacked three, four times a week. Why? To try to release these prisoners. We have seen that our enemy is capable of planning and, in some instances, launching attacks within the United States. Currently, this move is not allowed. We asked the President for details on a plan. It was said that it was com-prehensive. It didn’t say where they would be housed or what the housing would entail or how much it would cost the taxpayer. This was not a serious plan. What we do need, however, is a con-sistent policy on how to deal with fu-ture terrorist detainees. I would agree with that. Guantanamo remains our best option right now. It is a safe and appropriate location to hold detainees. It is secure and distant from our home-land. Guantanamo also provides humane conditions for the detainees. They have appropriate access to health care, the same as our troops have there. They have recreational activities, culture, and religious materials. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Kansas (Mr. POMPEO ), who serves on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the Nadler amendment as well. These are, in fact, the worst of the worst. The detainees that remain now, well under 100, are not cooks and bottle washers, but serious men who meant to do serious harm to the United States. I want to spend the time that I have talking about a particularly pernicious argument that has been made in favor of closing this facility. It is an argu-ment that says that these men at-tacked America because of the exist-ence of Guantanamo Bay. It is inac-curate, it is false, and the facts don’t support that claim. Indeed, we have evidence, 34 trans-lated messages from al Qaeda, from terrorists, talking about the reasons for their attacks, and only 7 times was Guantanamo Bay ever mentioned. It was mentioned in each case as a glanc-ing issue. Iraq, Afghanistan, and even the Crusades were mentioned hundreds of times, but Guantanamo Bay is not the reason that they attacked Amer-ica. I can tell you that we wrote a letter to the Director of National Intel-ligence, Mr. Clapper. He, too, con-firmed that this is not a motivation for the attacks. We should remember that these attacks began well before the ex-istence of Guantanamo Bay. The fact that Guantanamo Bay acts as an agent to promote terrorism is false and must be rejected, as must this amendment. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Colorado (Mr. C
OFF-
MAN), who is a member of the House Armed Services Committee. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong opposition to this amendment. The Obama administra-tion’s efforts to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay are both irrespon-sible and dangerous. A report from January of this year by the Office of the Director of Na-tional Intelligence indicates that the number of Guantanamo detainees re-leased by the Obama administration and suspected of returning to the bat-tlefield has doubled since the last re-cidivism report in 2015. Those who remain in Guantanamo Bay are the worst of the worst; so it is safe to presume that, if released, an even higher percentage of them would remain a threat to our national secu-rity. These are not U.S. citizens. They are foreign, unlawful enemy combat-ants that have directly supported hos-tilities against the United States and our allies. b1715 Mr. Chairman, I have and will con-tinue to oppose any attempt to trans-fer these detainees to my home State of Colorado or to any other State. They must be kept at Guantanamo Bay. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. THORNBERRY. I yield the gen-tleman an additional 10 seconds. Mr. COFFMAN. Congress has a re-sponsibility to the American people to ensure that these unlawful enemy com-batants are not brought to the United States. Mr. Chairman, these congres-sional restrictions must remain in place. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, how much time does the other side have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas has 45 seconds remaining. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ), the chair of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, it is reckless to propose this amendment. Not only does it allow them to come here on our own shores and live in our own neighborhoods, but the adminis-tration has estimated it would cost po-tentially $475 million just to move them here. It also removes the prohibition that these detainees could be transferred to Somalia, Libya, and Syria. We do not want these terrorists released back onto the battlefield where they could kill our soldiers. This is a reckless amendment. It needs to be defeated. We need to keep them at GTMO, use our taxpayer dol-lars wisely, and ensure the safety of our neighborhoods. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MRS . WALORSKI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in part B of House Report 114–569. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00251 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.081 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2682 May 17, 2016 
SEC. 10ll. APPLICATION OF THE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT TO THE NA-TIONAL SECURITY COUNCIL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 552(f)(1) of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Freedom of Information Act), is amended by inserting ‘‘and the National Security Council’’ after ‘‘the Executive Office of the President’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE; APPLICATION .— (1) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date on which the first Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs is ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate, pursuant to section 101(d)(1)(B) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021(d)(1)(B)), as added by title IX of this Act. (2) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to any record created by the National Security Council on or after the date specified in paragraph (1). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 732, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Indiana. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today to offer an amendment which addresses both the incredibly important role played by the Presi-dent’s National Security Council, but also the concerning trend of consolida-tion of authority in the White House. Over the past two administrations, the NSC has transformed from simply a coordination and advisory body to something else entirely. We recently heard from President Obama’s three former Secretaries of Defense—Gates, Panetta, and Hagel— each outlining the challenges they faced in trying to manage the Defense Department and combat operations in the face of a more intrusive NSC. Most notably, Secretary Gates said: ‘‘It was the operational micromanage-ment that drove me nuts of White House and NSC (National Security Council) staffers calling senior com-manders in the field . . . second guess-ing commanders.’’ The NSC was never intended to oper-ate in this manner. It was intended to be an advisory body and interagency coordination center for the President. However, its size has exploded from roughly 100 staffers under President Clinton, to 200 under President Bush, and now 400 under President Obama. Moving decisionmaking away from the departments undermines the au-thority of Secretaries and General offi-cers who have been confirmed by the Senate and concentrates power with unelected, unconfirmed, and unac-countable bureaucrats who care more about optics and narratives. This is best illustrated in the recent profile of Deputy National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes, who has a mas-ter’s in creative writing and no prac-tical experience in foreign policy. Mr. Chairman, the National Security Council has moved far beyond its origi-nal advisory role to one in which NSC staffers make critical operational deci-sions. My amendment simply restores ac-countability to this operational organi-zation by requiring the NSC to partici-pate in the Freedom of Information Act, or FOIA, upon coordination of the National Security Advisor by the Sen-ate. Bringing the NSC under FOIA is not without precedent. The NSC actually maintained a FOIA program and com-plied with requests under Presidents Ford, Carter, Reagan, Bush, and Clin-ton. However, a 1996 court case ruled that, since it was an advisory body, it did not need to participate. The NSC is not simply an advisory body anymore. It is time to bring it back under FOIA and shine light on its activities. This amendment fits well into Chair-man THORNBERRY ’s broader NSC reform efforts. I thank him for making this a priority in this year’s NDAA. As the chairman outlined earlier, these provisions will make it clear to future administrations that the NSC cannot continue to just grow in size and mission without consequential oversight measures. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ), the es-teemed chairman of the House Armed Services Committee. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, the gentlewoman makes the point very well that, at a certain point, you get enough people that the institution of the National Se-curity Council staff takes on different characteristics. When it has those different charac-teristics, then you have to comply with FOIA, then you have to be confirmed by the Senate, and then you have to be able to come before Congress and jus-tify the decisions that you have made. That is the point with both of our amendments, that there comes a point that basic nature changes and there are implications of that, including the one that is related to the gentle-woman’s amendment. I support her amendment, and I hope Members will support it. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for his strong sup-port. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE), my friend and colleague on the Armed Services Committee. Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to support my colleague from In-diana’s amendment. The amendment is simply about re-storing public accountability and transparency to the National Security Council. As a former Deputy Commander of Special Operations in Iraq, I have per-sonally seen what happens. Oftentimes, our rules of engagement that dictate how we fight are politicized and it di-minishes our ability to fight. I have seen it. It is time to change. If they move out of an advisory role to a role where they are commanding and interpreting commands, then we need FOIA. America deserves account-ability. America deserves our ability to look at who is calling the shots and why. This is not a hit on the administra-tion. This is an American issue. When a role is advisory and comes from advi-sory to command, then that command needs to be held accountable. That is what we do. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Montana. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, none of what has been said really changes under these amendments. What all this really is is an argument to get rid of the NSC, to say that this group of folks should not exist. As we argued before, the reason the National Security Council was created was to offer the President close and confiden-tial advice. Now, that National Security Council, as was pointed out by other people who have made arguments about this, has consistently been criticized by the other Departments, going all the way back, I imagine, to when the NSC was formed. Whether there is 100, 200, or 300 of them, that really doesn’t change that basic conflict. Do you believe the President needs these confidential advisers? If you do, then you should oppose these amend-ments. They should get rid of the NSC. If you are going to take away the ad-vice and their ability to do that, then we should just have the DOD and the President shouldn’t have these advis-ers. But there is a reason the NSC was created in the first place, to give the President those close advisers. Further restricting it in this manner effec-tively eliminates the NSC. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, this is absolutely not an amendment to get rid of the NSC. This just simply brings accountability and transparency into a very important agency, into a White House that has taken this to no longer just an advisory agency role on behalf of the American people who we serve. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 732, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00252 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.040 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2683 May 17, 2016 
Amendments en bloc No. 2 consisting of amendment Nos. 19, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, and 38 printed in part B of House Report 114–569, offered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . CALVERT  
OF CALIFORNIA  At the end of title XI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 1112. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CIVILIAN WORKFORCE PER-SONNEL AND CONTRACTORS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) A large, disproportionate, and duplica-tive civilian work force coupled with bureau-cratic, structural inefficiencies has de-tracted from the Pentagon’s production of combat power and its ability to modernize. (2) The recent uniformed military draw-down has not been accompanied by an equiv-alent reduction of either the civilian or con-tractor work force. Right sizing the civilian workforce must be statutory in number but implemented with executive discretion. Across-the-board cuts to the defense civilian workforce are not the answer. (3) Spending on contract services is over 50 percent of all Department of Defense pur-chases even as the total defense budget has dropped. Expenditures in services con-tracting lack appropriate oversight, ac-countability, and scrutiny. (b) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall submit a preliminary report within 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and a final report within 180 days after such date, to the congressional defense com-mittees detailing the structure and number of the civilian workforce and contractors of the Department of Defense. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Except as provided in para-graph (3), each report shall include the fol-lowing for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020, including a breakdown in location, job function, General Schedule (GS) level, and date of when the job was created for the fol-lowing individuals: (A) The total number of full time equiva-lent employees, including each of the fol-lowing: (i) The total number of Senior Executive Service employees and their assignments. (ii) The total number of civilian employees of the Department of Defense within the military health care system. (iii) The total number of civilian employ-ees of the Department employed at depots, arsenals, and ammunition facilities. (B) The total number of civilian contrac-tors of the Department of Defense, including each of the following: (i) The total number of civilian contractors for weapons acquisitions. (ii) The total number of civilian contrac-tors for services or labor for non-weapon sys-tems acquisitions. (iii) The total number of civilian contrac-tors employed at depots, arsenals, and am-munition facilities. (3) P
RELIMINARY REPORT .—The preliminary report provided under this subsection— (A) shall cover the contents described in paragraph (2) in as much detail as is ascer-tainable within 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) shall include an explanation of any im-pediments to developing a complete and final report by 180 days after such date of enact-ment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . COLLINS OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle B of title III, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 3ll. ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGIES FOR MUNITIONS DISPOSAL. 
In carrying out the disposal of munitions in the stockpile of conventional ammunition awaiting demilitarization and disposal (com-monly referred to as munitions in the ‘‘B5A account’’) the Secretary of the Army shall consider using cost-competitive technologies that minimize waste generation and air emissions as alternatives to disposal by open burning, open detonation, direct contact combustion, and incineration. AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . RUSSELL  
OF OKLAHOMA  At the end of title III, add the following new section: 
SEC. 3ll. MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY PERFORM-ANCE AND SAFETY TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense, act-ing through the commander of the United States Transportation Command, should re-assess the guidelines for the evaluation of motor carrier safety performance under the Transportation Protective Services program taking into consideration the Government Accountability Office report numbered GAO- 16-82 and titled ‘‘Defense Transportation; DoD Needs to Improve the Evaluation of Safety and Performance Information for Car-riers Transporting Security-Sensitive Mate-rials’’. (b) E
VALUATION OF SAFETY TECHNOLOGY .— To avoid catastrophic accidents and expo-sure of material, the Secretary shall evalu-ate the need for proven safety technology in vehicles transporting Transportation Protec-tive Services shipments, such as electronic logging devices, roll stability control, for-ward collision avoidance, lane departure warning systems, and speed limiters. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . COSTA OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of title III, add the following new section: 
SEC. 3ll. BRIEFING ON WELL-DRILLING CAPA-BILITIES OF ACTIVE DUTY AND RE-SERVE COMPONENTS. 
(a) B RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives (and other congressional defense committees on request) a briefing on the well-drilling ca-pabilities of the active and reserve compo-nents. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing under sub-section (a) shall include a description of— (1) the training requirements of active and reserve units with well-drilling capabilities; (2) the locations at which such units con-duct training relating to well-drilling; and (3) the cost and feasibility of rotating the training locations of such units to areas in the United States that are affected by drought conditions. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
OF WEST VIRGINIA  At the end of subtitle B of title V (page 119, after line 18), add the following new section: 
SEC. 515. ELECTRONIC TRACKING OF OPER-ATIONAL ACTIVE-DUTY SERVICE PERFORMED BY MEMBERS OF THE READY RESERVE OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
The Secretary of Defense shall establish an electronic means by which members of the Ready Reserve of the Armed Forces can track their operational active-duty service performed after January 28, 2008, under sec-tion 12301(a), 12301(d), 12301(g), 12302, or 12304 of title 10, United States Code. The tour cal-culator shall specify early retirement credit authorized for each qualifying tour of active duty, as well as cumulative early reserve re-tirement credit authorized to date under sec-tion 12731(f) of such title. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
NEW YORK  At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: SEC. 568. REPORT ON COMPOSITION OF SERVICE ACADEMIES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate a report on the demographic composi-tion of service academies that includes— (1) an analysis of— (A) the demographic composition of each service academy’s— (i) recruits; (ii) nominees; (iii) applicants; (iv) qualified applicants; (v) admits; (vi) enrollees; (vii) graduates; and (viii) graduate occupation placement; (B) how such composition compares to the demographic composition of— (i) the United States; (ii) enlisted members of the Armed Forces; (iii) officers of the Armed Forces; and (iv) other institutions of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)); and (C) the demographic composition of each quintile of academic ranking for each service academy’s graduating class; (2) a description of the considerations given to demographic composition in each service academy’s— (A) recruitment efforts (including funding decisions made to further such efforts); (B) qualification decisions; and (C) admissions decisions; and (3) recommendations for best— (A) recruitment practices; (B) nominating practices; (C) qualification decision practices; and (D) admissions practices. (b) D
EFINITION .—In this section the term ‘‘service academy’’ means each of the fol-lowing: (1) The United States Military Academy. (2) The United States Naval Academy. (3) The United States Air Force Academy. (4) The United States Coast Guard Acad-emy. (5) The United States Merchant Marine Academy. (c) S
COPE OF REPORT .—The report required by this section shall examine each service academy class admitted following the date of enactment of section 543 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160). 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . PALMER OF  
ALABAMA  At the end of subtitle G of title V (page 162, after line 20), add the following new section: 
SEC. 585. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF DIS-TINGUISHED-SERVICE CROSS TO FIRST LIEUTENANT MELVIN M. SPRUIELL FOR ACTS OF VALOR DUR-ING WORLD WAR II. 
(a) W AIVER OF TIME LIMITATIONS .—Not- withstanding the time limitations specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation with re-spect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the Secretary of the Army may award the Dis-tinguished-Service Cross under section 3742 of such title to First Lieutenant Melvin M. Spruiell of the Army for the acts of valor during World War II described in subsection (b). (b) A
CTS OF VALOR DESCRIBED .—The acts of valor referred to in subsection (a) are the ac-tions of First Lieutenant Melvin M. Spruiell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00253 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.085 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2684 May 17, 2016 
on June 10 and 11, 1944, as a member of the Army serving in France with the 377th Para-chute Field Artillery, 101st Airborne Divi-sion. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MS . SEWELL OF  
ALABAMA  Page 143, line 3, add after the period the following: ‘‘The cyber institute may place a special emphasis on entering into a partner-ship under this subsection with a local edu-cational agency located in a rural, under-served, or underrepresented community.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO OF  
CALIFORNIA  Page 150, after line 4, insert the following: (C) A comparison of the pilot program to other programs conducted by the Depart-ment of Defense and Department of Veterans Affairs to provide unemployment and under-employment support to members of the re-serve components and veterans. Page 150, line 5, strike ‘‘(C)’’ and insert ‘‘(D)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
OF FLORIDA  At the end of subtitle E of title V (page 153, after line 9), add the following new section: 
SEC. 568. INCLUSION OF ALCOHOL, PRESCRIP-TION DRUG, OPIOID, AND OTHER SUBSTANCE ABUSE COUNSELING AS PART OF REQUIRED PRESEPARATION COUNSELING. 
Section 1142(b)(11) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the pe-riod the following: ‘‘and information con-cerning the availability of treatment options and resources to address substance abuse, in-cluding alcohol, prescription drug, and opioid abuse’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . BOST OF  
ILLINOIS  At the end of subtitle F of title V insert the following: 
SEC. llll. IMPACT AID. 
Notwithstanding section 5(d) of the Every Student Succeeds Act (Public Law 114–95; 129 Stat. 1806), the amendment made by section 7004(1) of such Act (Public Law 114–95; 129 Stat. 2077)— (1) for fiscal year 2016, shall— (A) be applied as if amending section 8003(a)(5)(A) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Student Succeeds Act (Public Law 114–95; 129 Stat. 1802); and (B) be in effect with respect to appropria-tions for use under title VIII of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Every Student Succeeds Act; and (2) for fiscal year 2017 and each succeeding fiscal year, shall be in effect with respect to appropriations for use under title VII of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as amended by the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act (Public Law 114–95; 129 Stat. 1802). 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MS . DELBENE  
OF WASHINGTON  At the end of subtitle F of title V (page 156, after line 23), add the following new section: 
SEC. 573. ELIMINATION OF TWO-YEAR ELIGI-BILITY LIMITATION FOR NON-COMPETITIVE APPOINTMENT OF SPOUSES OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 3330d(c) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) N
O TIME LIMITATION ON APPOINTMENT .— A relocating spouse of a member of the Armed Forces remains eligible for non-competitive appointment under this section for the duration of the spouse’s relocation to the permanent duty station of the member.’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 732, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’R
OURKE ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, each of these amendments have been coordinated with both sides of the aisle. I urge Members to support this en bloc package. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding me the time in today’s debate. Mr. Chairman, as part of the Depart-ment of Defense’s Innovative Readiness Training, a mission that provides mili-tary training and resources and sup-ports local communities throughout the country, there are four National Guard teams that are currently prac-ticing the fine art of well drilling in the United States prior to deploying abroad. Clearly, we know in parts of the Middle East having the water re-sources available to support our troops is absolutely essential. My amendment has the potential to help areas, though, in our country today as part of this training program. Regions throughout the country have experienced devastating droughts. Those in the area that I represent, the San Joaquin Valley of California, have experienced a loss of drinking water supplies as a result of these serious drought conditions they have had to face. In California alone, there have lit-erally been thousands and thousands and thousands of households that have been without access to drinking water. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. O’ROURKE. I yield the gen-tleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman. This amendment would try to re-spond to those thousands of households that have lost their source of drinking water. This amendment would require the Department of Defense to provide a report to Congress on the well drilling capabilities of military units and the feasibility of rotating their training lo-cations so that they can do their train-ing in areas where the devastating droughts have impacted to the greatest degree, primarily in western States. I think this is a commonsense amendment. I ask that it be adopted. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I rise to note my reservations about the characteriza-tion of civilian employees in the Calvert amendment to the Fiscal Year 2017 National Defense Authorization Act. Although I believe it is important that we have a good assess-ment of the number and location of our civilian and contractor personnel who work at the De-partment of Defense, I believe it is also impor-tant that we accurately reflect the critical role that our federal civilians play in ensuring the military readiness of our nation. I have the distinct privilege of representing Hill Air Force Base in Ogden, Utah and serv-ing on the House Armed Services Committee, Subcommittee on Readiness. As such, I have had a front row seat reviewing our nation’s combat power and the role played by the civil-ian workforce in generating and supporting combat power. I can tell you that our civilian workforce does not detract from combat power, but serves as a force multiplier and as part of the backbone of military readiness. Without the men and women who serve at the Ogden Air Logistics Complex at Hill Air Force Base, as well as the other Air Logistics Com-plexes and military depots around the country in all of the services, we would have mission failure in any number of military aircraft on a daily basis, failing our warfighters, and costing lives. It is time that we stand up and salute our nation’s federal civilians who work at the Department of Defense. Their work is valuable and their contributions are numerous. I think we need to tread very carefully in as-serting Congressional findings that would cast a wide-net of negative aspersions on thou-sands of defense civilians who directly support the war fighter, and often make substantial sacrifices to do so. I am concerned that they are not unfairly pegged as being wasteful or superfluous to readiness. Yes, let’s conduct oversight and study the defense civilian work-force, but let’s hold off making such findings until after the facts are in and the defense committees have had adequate time to review and analyze the results. To do otherwise puts the cart before the horse, and is frankly unfair to thousands of my constituents who have suf-fered under this Administration’s illegal deci-sion to direct furloughs of working capital fund employees without pay. We cannot continue to treat our depot civilians in this manner without profound negative consequences to hard working families and ultimately to the warfighter. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chair, I rise to express my concern with only certain aspects of the Cal-vert amendment that is included in part of the second en bloc of amendments to the Fiscal Year 2017 National Defense Authorization Act. I respect my colleague from California and his attempt to catalogue the numbers of civilians and contractors performing work for the De-partment of Defense; however, I object to the characterization of civilian employees and their role in the military structure. I have the great privilege of representing the men and women who serve our nation at Tin-ker Air Force Base and Fort Sill. There is no finer group of people anywhere in the world. They are patriots. And they serve as the back-bone of military readiness for the U.S. Air Force and for the United States military. With-out the work performed at Tinker, located in Oklahoma City, many of our most complex air-craft simply would not be mission ready. The aircraft could not be flown and our nation’s de-fense would be greatly degraded. Therefore, to find that our civilian workforce is dispropor-tionate, duplicative and is detracting from com-bat power is incorrect. Civilian employees are essential to the operations and readiness of our military. We simply cannot do the mission without them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00254 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.041 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2685 May 17, 2016 
I agree with the finding that across-the- board cuts to the defense civilian workforce are not the answer. However, it is important to note, that all areas of the workforce do not need additional cuts. For example, depots had already taken a greater percentage cut than the military and now we find ourselves in the unfortunate position that for military readiness purposes—for the absolute necessity of sup-porting our warfighter—we are in the position of requiring some of our Air Logistics Com-plexes to hire over 1,000 additional personnel per year for a 2 year period. In fact, this bill contains a provision which will provide direct hire authority so that the services can hire the people they need, quickly and efficiently. Sometimes in our zeal to limit or cut our civil-ians, we lose sight of the mission and make assumptions that are not rooted in fact. Again, I want to commend and thank our outstanding civilian workforce and particularly those who live and work in the great State of Oklahoma for their skill and their dedication to the military mission. Their contributions to our great country should be acknowledged and commended. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, Chairman M
AC T
HORNBERRY , and Ranking Member A DAM S
MITH, I rise in support of Rules Amendment Number 161 to H.R. 4909, the National De-fense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal year 2017. However, I would first like to thank you for your thoughtful approach in writing this year’s bill; it was not an easy task. The par-ticular focus on end-force readiness restora-tion is to be commended; we cannot ask members of the armed forces to defend their country and democracy without adequately outfitting and training the soldier, unit and force. Additionally, I am pleased to see the NDAA’s approach toward much needed acqui-sition reform, healthcare reform, Goldwater Nichols reform and more. However, as we debate today it is incum-bent on us as Members of Congress to con-tinue the discussion about the right mix of ac-tive duty, civilian and contractors at the De-partment of Defense. The recent uniformed military drawdown has not been accompanied by an equivalent re-duction of either the civilian or contractor work force as in drawdowns in the past. A large, disproportionate, and duplicative work force coupled with bureaucratic, struc-tural inefficiencies has detracted from the Pen-tagon’s production of combat power and its ability to modernize. Right sizing the civilian workforce must be multifaceted, statutory in number, and imple-mented with executive discretion. Across the board cuts to the defense civilian workforce are not the answer. Spending on contract services is over 50 percent of all Department of Defense pur-chases even as the total defense budget has dropped. Expenditures in service contracting lack appropriate oversight, accountability, and scrutiny. However, no proper approach to addressing the civilian workforce may be accomplished without first understanding who these civilian workers are, where they are located, and what jobs they are performing. My amendment, Rules Committee Number 161, seeks a report by the Department of Defense on the total ci-vilian workforce picture. In the past, reports have been requested but are fragmented in nature. The report I am requesting will require a projection from fiscal years 2017 through 2020 of Full Time Equivalent (FTE) and con-tractor employees broken down into several sub-categories including location, job function, General Schedule (GS) level, and date of when the job was created. As we debate the Fiscal Year 2017 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), it is incum-bent on us as Members of Congress to con-tinue the discussion about the right mix of ac-tive duty, civilian and contractors at DoD. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I rise to express my concern with certain aspects of the Calvert amendment that is included in part of the en bloc amendments to the Fiscal Year 2017 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act that we will pass by voice vote. My colleague from Cali-fornia has every right to attempt to catalogue the quantity of civilian and contractors within the Department of Defense. But I must object to his characterization of our civilian defense employees’ roles. I am lucky enough to represent nearly 80,000 federal employees, many of whom work at the Pentagon, Joint Base Myer-Hen-derson Hall, Fort Belvoir, or one of the myriad Department of Defense installations around Northern Virginia. This includes ground break-ing work at the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, important work to keep us safe at Defense Threat Reduction Agency, and the jobs supplying our military with the tools it needs at the Defense Logistics Agen-cy. Our nation, its people, and its defenses would not by possible without the dedicated work of these individuals. Mr. C
ALVERT ’s effort to categorize these ci-vilian defense employees as disproportionate or duplicative undermines the incredible work they do every day to keep our military running. The ability to produce combat power, mod-ernize, and keep our troops healthy and safe are critical functions at the Department of De-fense. Moreover, they are critical functions performed by highly intelligent, accomplished, and dedicated civilian employees. Our civilian workforce has already weath-ered years of uncertain budgets, pay freezes, a government shutdown, and sequester fur-loughs. We should not further demean the im-portant work they do with this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . POE OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in part B of House Report 114–569. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 394, after line 5, insert the following: 
SEC. 1048. REQUIREMENT RELATING TO TRANS-FER OF EXCESS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EQUIPMENT TO FEDERAL AND STATE AGENCIES. 
Section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) P
REFERENCE FOR BORDER SECURITY  P
URPOSES .—(1) In transferring the personal property described in paragraph (2) under this section, the Secretary of Defense shall give preference to Federal and State agen-cies that agree to use the property primarily for the purpose of strengthening border secu-rity along the southern border of the United States. ‘‘(2) The personal property described in this section is— ‘‘(A) surveillance unmanned aerial vehi-cles, including the MQ-9 Reaper (also known as the ‘Predator B’) and the Aerostat radar system; ‘‘(B) night-vision goggles; and ‘‘(C) high mobility multi-purpose wheel ve-hicles (commonly known as ‘humvees’).’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 732, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amend-ment No. 14 be modified in the manner that I have placed and filed at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read as follows: 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED  
BY MR . POE OF TEXAS  Page 394, after line 5, insert the following: 
SEC. 1048. REQUIREMENT RELATING TO TRANS-FER OF EXCESS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EQUIPMENT TO FEDERAL AND STATE AGENCIES. 
Section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) P
REFERENCE FOR BORDER SECURITY  P
URPOSES .—(1) In transferring the personal property described in paragraph (2) under this section, the Secretary of Defense may give first preference to the Department of Homeland Security and then to Federal and State agencies that agree to use the property primarily for the purpose of strengthening border security along the southern border of the United States. ‘‘(2) The personal property described in this section is— ‘‘(A) unmanned aerial vehicles; ‘‘(B) the Aerostat radar system; ‘‘(C) night-vision goggles; and ‘‘(D) high mobility multi-purpose wheel ve-hicles (commonly known as ‘humvees’).’’. 
Mr. POE of Texas (during the read-ing). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous con-sent that the modification be consid-ered as read. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the modification? There was no objection. b1730 Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the chair-man of the full committee. Mr. Chair, this amendment is very similar to amendments that have been on this House floor before, presented by me and others, and is similar to an amendment that passed unanimously in the FY 2015 NDAA. It is called the SEND Act. It addresses the process of sending excess military equipment, which is not being used, to our border security folks to help them secure the border. That is the purpose of previous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:43 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00255 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.036 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2686 May 17, 2016 
amendments and legislation that start-ed all the way back in 2011. One way that the Department of De-fense helps the Border Patrol is through the transfer of equipment that it deems to be in excess to its needs. Under current law, the transfer of this excess equipment gives some pref-erence to counterdrug, counterterror-ism, and some border security activi-ties. This amendment simply takes that preference a step further, giving border security preference for a few specific pieces of equipment which are particu-larly useful for border security applica-tions: unmanned surveillance vehicles, including aerostat blimps that are now being used, night vision goggles, and Humvees. The Border Patrol, as we all know, is the first and last line of defense against criminal gangs that come into the United States. In my home State of Texas, I have been to the border nu-merous times, and we have the same issue that other border States have with the criminal drug cartels, which are involved in not only bringing drugs into the United States, but in traf-ficking humans for sex slavery, labor slavery, and other purposes. After talking with them about many, many issues, we found out the situa-tion on the border regarding equip-ment. A Texas ranger once told me that the drug cartels outman, outgun, out-finance, and out-equip the Border Patrol and those who are on the border who are trying to protect us from those criminal gangs that are coming into the United States. One of the issues the last time I was down at the border 2 or 3 weeks ago was that the Border Patrol was actu-ally excited about these aerostats that are being used. That is a blimp that they put up in the sky, and it helps in surveillance along the border. They need more of those on the border. Of course, this amendment does exactly that. It gives a preference to those spe-cific items that are mentioned in the amendment for the Border Patrol to use for border security purposes. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chair, I yield myself 3 minutes. This amendment is a solution in search of a problem. In fact, I think it will exacerbate some of the security problems we already have. As the gentleman knows, the border security agencies can already apply for this excess military equipment, but I ask those representatives who rep-resent the people who live on the U.S. side of the U.S.-Mexico border—cities like San Diego, California; Nogales, Ar-izona; El Paso, Laredo, and Browns-ville, Texas—whether they want UAVs, or unmanned aerial vehicles, which could also be MQ–9 Reapers, flying over their homes, their schools, their neigh-borhoods, prying into their backyards each and every day. This is at a time when we are already spending $18 billion a year to secure our border with Mexico and when we are seeing less than zero migration from Mexico itself. In the year 2000, we had 1.6 million apprehensions. This last year, we didn’t even reach 400,000 ap-prehensions. Of any border of which we are told by the Director of the National Counter-terrorism Center, by the Director of the FBI, by the Secretary of Homeland Security that there has never been nor is there now a terrorist, a terrorist or-ganization, or a terrorist plot that is seeking to exploit the border with Mex-ico, what this does is further takes our eye off the ball where we have known risks and known threats to this coun-try and to the homeland. It stokes fear and anxiety and, in some cases, hatred towards our neighbor to the south, to-wards those communities on the U.S. side of the U.S.-Mexico border—com-munities like my own El Paso, Texas, which happens to be the safest city in the United States today. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment that does not solve any problems and, I argue, would make some of the security issues that we already have worse. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chair, the first thing is that this amendment does not include the MQ–9 Reaper that the gentleman mentioned. It does not make a preference for that. I also take exception to the ‘‘hatred’’ comment that was made here. Look, the border security in the United States has issues. The Border Patrol says we need to help find those illegal gangs that are coming into the United States. This is not about the surveillance of Americans and spying on Americans. It is on the border. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ), who represents part of the Texas border, the city of Laredo. Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Chair, I do sup-port Mr. P
OE’s amendment. With all due respect to my good friend, we do want to secure the border. We just want to do it in the right way. While some people are talking about securing the border with a wall—a 14th century solution—I think if we use the aerostats, we can provide coverage and surveillance to make sure that we se-cure the border. In fact, in south Texas, including in my district, we have five of those aerostats right now. The communities support them. The Border Patrol certainly supports them. In fact, in appropriations, I am asking for five new aerostats so we can go ahead and secure the border. Each aer-ostat covers about 20 miles. So if you want to cover the border—1,954 miles of border—divided by 20, with about 97 or 98 aerostats, minus the 5 that we al-ready have in place, we will secure the border in an electronic way. This also helps us secure the border on the Mexico side. In talking to the Border Patrol, they have used some of that information because they can go 20 miles into Mexico, and already we have coordinated some of those activi-ties with the Mexican law enforcement officials to stop those drug gangs be-fore they come over to the U.S. You turn the camera 20 miles into Mexico, and with about 97 aerostats, we can se-cure the whole border. Again, I support this amendment, and I thank the gentleman very much for yielding. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chair, I inquire as to how much time remains on my side. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’ROURKE ) has 3 min-utes remaining. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I thank the gentleman from Texas. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the Poe amendment. This amendment would expand the military’s authority under the 1033 pro-gram to flood our streets with surplus battle-ready military equipment straight from the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan. Specifically, this amendment would allow the Defense Department to trans-fer equipment, such as the MQ–9 Reap-er drone, to Federal and State law en-forcement agencies. This is a cynical attack, cloaked in the name of border security on President Obama’s execu-tive order, that limits the proliferation of military equipment within the bor-ders of America. Typically, the 1033 program feeds more than $4.3 billion in surplus mili-tary grade weaponry, including ar-mored vehicles and tanks, into the United States annually. Now we have Republicans looking to expand the type of weaponry that is distributed to law enforcement under the 1033 program to include military drones. While border security should remain at the forefront of our political dis-course, the use of Grim Reaper drones and other military equipment to track and hunt down human beings is not the answer. An increase in manpower, training and facilities, not MQ–9 Reap-ers, is the way that we should go about our efforts in protecting our borders without sacrificing our values of re-spect for basic human rights and dig-nity. Moreover, allowing military equip-ment, such as predator drones, into America’s airspace puts Americans at risk. Federal agencies have already lost hundreds of guns and grenade launchers that have been donated to police departments, and many of these weapons have shown up for sale on eBay or have been reported stolen. I don’t want to see this happen with equipment, such as military drones, being doled out to border security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00256 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.090 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2687 May 17, 2016 
Further, the militarization of our State and Federal border security agencies will make the border more volatile and not safe. Therefore, I rise in opposition, and I ask my colleagues to support me in my opposition. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chair, how much time remains on my side? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) has 30 seconds re-maining. Mr. POE of Texas. I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chair, the gen-tleman from Texas says that the MQ–9 Reaper is not specifically addressed in this amendment. However, UAVs are— unmanned aerial vehicles—and the MQ–9 is one of them. The point that I am trying to make is that we do not need to further mili-tarize the border at a time when it is safer than it has ever been and when, in fact, U.S. cities on the U.S. side of the U.S.-Mexico border are far safer than the average city in the interior of this country. If we need to send surplus military equipment elsewhere, let it be prioritized based on need, based on known threat. When we send security resources where we don’t have proven threats, we take them away from where we do. That makes this country less safe. I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time. The government already has a plan to send excess equipment to law en-forcement. What this bill does is prioritize that equipment to the Border Patrol. For those concerned about na-tional spying that takes place in the United States, which they claim, they would support this because its priority is to the border. It is not to other agen-cies. The gentleman from Laredo said it best. Mr. Chair, believe it or not, we cooperate with the Mexican Govern-ment, and they get information from us when we use those aerostats over the border, and they capture the bad guys before they come into the United States. We need to support this amendment, prioritize it, and give them the equip-ment that they need. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment, as modi-fied, offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . KELLY OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in part B of House Report 114–569. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 462, after line 13, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR DESTRUCTION OF CER-TAIN LANDMINES AND REPORT ON DEVELOPMENT OF REPLACEMENT ANTI-PERSONNEL LANDMINE MUNI-TIONS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the destruction of anti-per-sonnel landmine munitions before the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the report required by subsection (c). (b) E
XCEPTION FOR SAFETY .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to any anti-personnel land-mine munitions that the Secretary deter-mines are unsafe or could pose a safety risk if not demilitarized or destroyed. (c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Congress a report that includes the fol-lowing: (A) An assessment of the current state of research into operational alternatives to anti-personnel landmines. (B) Any other matter that the Secretary determines should be included in the report. (2) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) A
NTI-PERSONNEL LANDMINE MUNITIONS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘anti- personnel landmine munitions’’ includes anti-personnel landmines and sub-munitions as defined by the Convention on the Prohibi-tion of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-Personnel Mines and on their Destruction, as determined by the Sec-retary. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 732, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of amendment No. 16, to prohibit the use of funds to dismantle the U.S. stock-pile of anti-personnel landmines, APLs, unless the Secretary of Defense sub-mits a report to Congress on the oper-ational alternatives to APLs. Further, my amendment contains an exception for the destruction of APLs that would be unsafe to store. This amendment would effectively renew the ban that was passed by the full Congress and signed into law by the President in Public Law No. 114–92, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. Mr. Chair, our military commanders have spoken clearly regarding the value and the need for APLs. On March 6, 2014, the United States’ highest rank-ing military officer, Martin Dempsey, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, called anti-personnel landmines an important tool in the arsenal of the United States. b1745 When he was head of the U.S. Euro-pean Command, General Wesley Clark agreed, saying that ‘‘our field com-manders count on APLs to protect the force, influence, maneuver, and shape the battle space, and mass combat power for decisive engagement.’’ He also added that the need for APLs was increasing. Furthermore, two major studies, one conducted by the National Research Council and the other by NATO, have concluded that APLs provide crucial tactical advantages on the battlefield. Yet on September 29, 2014, President Obama announced that outside of the Korean Peninsula, the U.S. would not use APLs in order to ‘‘underscore its commitment to the spirit and humani-tarian aims of the Ottawa Conven-tion.’’ The President’s actions were, by his own admission, taken to move the U.S. towards full compliance with a treaty, commonly known as the Ot-tawa Convention, to which the Senate has not given its advice and consent. Moreover, this was created by an NGO- led process that openly sought to ‘‘push aside the central feature of state sovereignty.’’ The process that created the treaty was bad. The treaty has not been ap-proved by the Senate, not signed by the President, and our senior military offi-cials state that it would deprive us of an important weapon. Yet the Obama administration seeks to move us for-ward in compliance with it. The U.S. has taken action on APLs. We give more funding for APL clear-ance than any other nation in the world. We are party to amended Pro-tocol II to the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons, the CCW, which requires U.S. APLs to be designed to deactivate or self-destruct. Our APLs meet those standards. U.S. APLs are not killing civilians. Like all weapons, APLs can be used rightly or wrongly. When used responsibly, as U.S. APLs are, they protect our forces, the forces of our allies, and civilians alike. Landmine opponents, like the admin-istration, state that the Ottawa Con-vention ‘‘shows our leadership’’ and that it is reducing the threat of land-mines around the world. That is simply not true. Many IEDs, legally speaking, are APLs. From February 2015 to Janu-ary 2016, the Pentagon’s own Joint Im-provised-Threat Defeat Agency re-corded over 50,000 worldwide casualties as a result of IED attacks. The Ottawa Convention isn’t solving the landmine problem; it is simply dis-arming the good guys. In this environ-ment, we need weapons that can pro-tect camps, cities, roads, and bases 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00257 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.091 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2688 May 17, 2016 
from insurgent attack. Today, one of those weapons is the APL. Unless we have an alternative to APLs that is equal to or better than APLs at keeping our troops safe, we should not, and dare not, get rid of our stockpile of APLs. The safety of our sons and daughters in uniform is of the utmost importance. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and his staff for working with my office on this impor-tant issue. I urge adoption of this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). The gentleman is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I oppose this amendment because it restricts, the President restricts, the Department of Defense from taking ac-tions that they feel are necessary in the best interest of the national secu-rity of our country by prohibiting their ability to get rid of the landmines that they wish to get rid of. The problem with landmines and the reason there was such an international outcry is, after conflicts, they tend to be left in the areas of conflict; and throughout the world, many innocents have wound up being killed by these landmines that are left over. They are a weapon that can indiscriminately hit civilians. I think the IED example is an excel-lent example of how pernicious these weapons are. They do attack, indis-criminately, civilians and military per-sonnel alike. What the President is attempting to do is to get us to the point we are in compliance with the treaty that was reached. It has not been confirmed by the Senate, that is true. But as Com-mander in Chief, the President has the authority to decide what weapons we should or should not have. And it is important that they do maintain the exception of Korea, where we have the very specific threat from North Korea, to make sure that we pre-serve that option. Outside of that, the President and our commanders at the Department of Defense have deter-mined that this option is not one that we need to provide for national secu-rity, and it is one that the inter-national community has condemned. We have had attempts—the Geneva Convention and others—at limiting the carnage given by warfare. One of the ways to limit that would be to limit the amount of landmines that are available. That is what the President is attempting to do. This amendment, I believe, would unfairly restrict him in his ability to do that. He has the abil-ity, as Commander in Chief, to make those decisions in consultation with the DOD. This restricts him in a way that I do not support, and I urge this body to oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair, I respect the gentleman’s opin-ion. I understand the President is the Commander in Chief, but I also under-stand that the APLs, the ones that we use, protect our forces, our friends, and our allies. As far as the danger of them, we lead on landmine clearance, and we have lived up to all the international obliga-tions we have accepted. The landmine ban treaty disarms us, not our en-emies. Dismantling our APLs is not showing leadership. Instead, it would be the height of irresponsibility. I know that sometimes in this House we get to the point where politics takes precedence over policy. If, at the end of the day, this House can’t do ev-erything possible to protect our daugh-ters and sons in uniform and our allies and friends around the world—we are the most responsible user of APLs. We are doing more than anybody else to disarm IEDs. The problem comes down to where does the United States stand. We need to stand, and we need to be resolute be-hind our Armed Forces. That is why I stand strong on this amendment. Make sure the APLs stay in place. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. We are going to make the responsible decisions about what is best to protect our Armed Forces, and I believe the President will do that. This restricts him in one specific area that has not been shown—yes, we are the most re-sponsible users of landmines, but that is not exactly a high bar to jump over. No matter how you use them, no mat-ter where you use them—yes, we are trying to clear them, and I think that is great. But if we didn’t put them out there in the first place, we wouldn’t have to worry about, then, going in there and clearing them. What has been determined by the De-partment of Defense and by the Presi-dent is that there are other, better ways to protect our troops that do not unnecessarily endanger civilian popu-lations. That is why the President is going down the path that he is going down. I think he is right to do it, and I think we should reject this amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MRS . WALORSKI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 18 printed in part B of House Report 114–569. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, add the following: SEC. 10ll. REQUIREMENT FOR MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING REGARDING TRANSFER OF DETAINEES. 
Section 1034(b) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 969; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (3); (2) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’ at the end of paragraph (4); and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) the United States Government and the government of the foreign country have en-tered into a written memorandum of under-standing regarding the transfer of the indi-vidual and such memorandum of under-standing has previously been transmitted to the appropriate committees of Congress.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 732, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Indiana. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. My amendment is very common sense. It is as simple in its concept as it is in requirements. My amendment simply increases the transparency and accountability surrounding transfers from Guantanamo Bay by requiring the U.S. and the foreign government re-ceiving the detainee to sign a written memo of understanding outlining the terms of the transfer and to provide copies of that memo to Congress. These transfers are too significant and the stakes are too high for a simple hand-shake or verbal agreement. As Paul Lewis, the President’s own Special Envoy for Guantanamo Deten-tion Closure, recently confirmed, de-tainees that were released have re-turned to the battlefield and killed Americans. The administration, itself, estimates the recidivism rate of de-tainees at nearly one out of three. In my 4 years on the Armed Services Committee, I have consistently been disappointed by the lack of trans-parency surrounding these transfers. In its plan for closure of the Guantanamo Bay detention facility that was re-leased in February, the administration insisted it received security assurances and humane treatment assurances from countries receiving detainees. This includes travel restrictions, moni-toring, and information sharing. How-ever, in December last year, reports began surfacing that a detainee who was released to Sudan in July 2012 was now in Yemen operating as a senior leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Pe-ninsula, AQAP. Setting aside the fact that a dan-gerous terrorist was transferred to Sudan in the first place, a state spon-sor of terrorism, I requested a classi-fied briefing to find out exactly what type of assurances the administration received from the Sudanese Govern-ment that they would keep an eye on this detainee and what punitive meas-ures they took against the Sudanese 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00258 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.094 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2689 May 17, 2016 
when it was discovered they let him out of their sight. Mr. Chairman, I came away from that briefing with more questions than answers. That is why I am offering this amendment today. A written memo of understanding between the U.S. and the foreign country receiving the de-tainee will provide a greater degree of transparency and accountability than exists right now. Mr. Chairman, one American cas-ualty is too many. We must do more to ensure that every precaution is taken if and when individuals are transferred from GTMO. By providing this memo to the relevant oversight committees of this body, we take one more step to-ward real accountability for both the administration and for the foreign na-tion accepting these detainees. I would like to thank the gentleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE) for his co-sponsorship. I would also like to com-mend the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) for his work in offering this same requirement in the Senate bill. I include in the R
ECORD the letters I sent to the administration requesting information on the transfer of detain-ees, which are the basis for this amend-ment. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 15, 2015. President B
ARACK OBAMA , The White House, Washington, DC. D
EARPRESIDENT OBAMA : I write with grave concerns about statements you made regard-ing the detention facility at Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba during a recent interview with Yahoo News. In particular, I was troubled by your comments on recidivism and on the process for selecting detainees for release. In the interview, you said of released de-tainees re-entering the fight: ‘‘Out of four-, five-, six-hundred people that get released.. .a handful of them are going to be embit-tered and still engaging in anti-US activi-ties.’’ However, the Director of National In-telligence identified 196 former detainees as either being confirmed or suspected of re-turning to the battlefield in its September 2015 Report on the Reengagement of Detain-ees Formerly Held at Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. That’s a recidivism rate over 30 per-cent—this is hardly a handful. At the heart of the issue, however, is not the rate of recidivism, but rather its inten-sity. One of the 196 is Ibrahim al-Qosi. He was released in July 2012 to his home coun-try of Sudan, a country designated as a State Sponsor of Terrorism by the State De-partment. Since his release, he has become a senior leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Pe-ninsula (AQAP), which took credit for the attack on Charlie Hebdo in Paris in January 2015. A month later, Vincent Stewart, the Di-rector of the Defense Intelligence Agency, testified before Congress that AQAP ‘‘re-mains committed to attacking the West.’’ We may disagree over what constitutes a handful, but we cannot underestimate the difference another set of hands can mean to these terrorist organizations. The fact that al-Qosi was released to live in a US government-designated State Spon-sor of Terrorism is troubling enough, but comments you made in the interview con-cerning the release vetting process prompts more questions than it answers. On that topic, you said: ‘‘The judgment that we’re continually making is: are there individuals [in Guanta´namo] who are significantly more dangerous than the people who are already out there who are fighting? What do they add? Do they have special skills? Do they have special knowledge that ends up making them a significant threat to the United States?’’ Accordingly, I would like to request a clas-sified briefing on how the administration has been evaluating the remaining detainees for release. Specifically, I would like the brief-ing to address: 1. What criteria, quantifiable or otherwise, are used to determine if a detainee is more or less dangerous than those currently on the battlefield 2. The groups or specific individuals cur-rently on the battlefield that detainees are being compared to in order to make those de-terminations a. If the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) or its leaders are part of this set, please also detail how the weight given to the threat they pose has changed since Janu-ary 2014 3. Flow the special skills and knowledge are defined and quantified 4. Any additional scrutiny given to detain-ees being released to State Sponsors of Ter-ror It is disturbing that your administration seems to continue underestimating the dan-ger posed by former Guanta´namo detainees returning to the fight. One more terrorist on the battlefield is too many because one more terrorist can be all it takes to cause more death and destruction. I strongly urge you to reconsider such consistent downplaying of this threat and I look forward to your timely response. Sincerely, JACKIE WALORSKI , Member of Congress. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 1, 2016. President B
ARACK OBAMA , The White House, Washington, DC. D
EAR PRESIDENT OBAMA : I am writing to follow up on a letter I sent on December 15, 2015 regarding your policy on the detention facility at Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba and ques-tions surrounding the problem of recidivism. I am extremely disappointed that, two-and- a-half months later, I have not received any response. I am also troubled by the lack of detail in your recent Plan for Closing the Guanta´namo Bay Detention Facility re-leased last week, which provided no clarity on the issues raised in the letter either. Last week alone, Hamed Abderrahaman Ahmed, a former detainee that was trans-ferred to Spain, was arrested on Tuesday, February 23 for recruiting fighters for the Is-lamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS). Two days later, Ibrahim al-Qosi, a former de-tainee that was transferred to Sudan, re-leased a message on Thursday encouraging jihad in Somalia. He had also urged his fol-lowers to carry out attacks on New Years Eve celebrations, particularly in New York City and Paris. Recidivism is clearly a very real issue, but seems to be underestimated by your administration. In my December 15 letter, I had specifi-cally raised the case of Ibrahim al-Qosi who is now a senior leader of al Qaeda in the Ara-bian Peninsula (AQAP), which took credit for the attack on Charlie Hebdo in Paris in January 2015. He was also, curiously, trans-ferred to a country that is designated as a State Sponsor of Terrorism by the U.S. State Department. The recently-released Plan for Closing the Guanta´namo Bay Detention Facility states that the U.S. government obtains security assurances and humane treatment assur-ances from a country before transferring a detainee. Among the security assurances are restrictions on travel, monitoring of the de-tainee, and periodic information sharing. However, al-Qosi is currently operating out of Yemen. Obviously, there was a breakdown in these security assurances. Thus, I want to reiterate my request for a classified briefing that covers the questions raised in my December 15 letter, which I am enclosing. I would also like the briefing to address these additional questions: 1. Security assurances your administration received from the government of Sudan be-fore the transfer of Ibrahim al-Qosi 2. The frequency and type of monitoring agreed to by the government of Sudan on Ibrahim al-Qosi and measures taken by the U.S. government to verify that this moni-toring was taking place 3. The frequency and type of information shared by the government of Sudan on Ibrahim alQosi, his whereabouts, and his ac-tivities after his transfer 4. The date that the government of Sudan informed the U.S. government that Ibrahim alQosi was no longer in Sudan 5. Any punitive measures taken against the government of Sudan or members of the government in connection with its failure to live up to its commitments regarding the transfer of Ibrahim al-Qosi 6. Humane treatment assurances your ad-ministration received from the government of Sudan, whose head of state, Omar al- Bashir, has an arrest warrant pending with the International Criminal Court for war crimes and crimes against humanity, before the transfer of Ibrahim al-Qosi 7. Questions 1, 2, 3, and 6 as they pertain to the two other detainees your administration transferred to Sudan: Noor Uthman Muhammed and Ibrahim Othman Ibrahim Idris 8. Questions 4 and 5 as they pertain to Noor Uthman Muhammed and Ibrahim Othman Ibrahim Idris if they are no longer in Sudan 9. Any extra security and humane treat-ment assurances your administration seeks from countries that are on the U.S. State Department’s list of State Sponsors of Ter-rorism 10. Any ongoing negotiations with the gov-ernments of Iran and Sudan regarding future transfer of Guanta´namo detainees Transferring Guanta´namo detainees— known terrorists—to countries that are State Sponsors of Terrorism is an incredibly dangerous and misguided policy. No reason-able person should trust these governments to follow through on any promises they make to ensure detainees do not rejoin the battle. I strongly urge you not to complete any future transfers to these countries and I look forward to your timely response to my request for a briefing. Sincerely, J
ACKIE WALORSKI , Member of Congress. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. There are 80 detainees left at Guanta-namo. A number have been transferred. Of those 80, I could be wrong, but I be-lieve it is somewhere in the neighbor-hood of 34 of them have been cleared for transfer, basically deemed not to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00259 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.096 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2690 May 17, 2016 
risks to the United States. Restricting their ability to be transferred simply drives up the cost of Guantanamo un-necessarily. We have transferred a great many de-tainees out of Guantanamo. The statis-tics cited go all the way back to the Bush administration when, regret-tably, we did let people go without proper vetting. We, through this bill, in past years, have put a number of provisions in place that require national security certifications that the people being transferred are not a risk to the United States. That is already required. This simply makes it more difficult to do that for no good reason. The recidivism in recent years has been drastically lower. It has been less than 10 percent, nowhere near the 33 percent figure cited. And the ones that are left to be transferred, like I said, are ones that have been determined not to be a risk. Now, we take our time in transfer-ring these people to make sure that we have a place to transfer them, that it is safe and secure, willing to accept them and all of that. There are already mul-tiple provisions in law to try and make sure that we don’t take any chances. Unfortunately, when you release peo-ple, there are always risks; but detain-ing people forever without charge and after you have determined that they are not a risk is also a risk. Basically, it goes against the very values of the United States of America. We could just never release anyone from prison in the United States under these stand-ards, under the fact that, well, they might commit another crime. And they might. So why don’t we just lock them up forever? We have a process, a very careful process, that has been worked out in a bipartisan fashion to determine who needs to be held and who can be re-leased. Then, after we determine they can be released, even then, we go through a process of where they are re-leased to and work with the host coun-try and try to determine what the best and safest available alternative is. This piles on to the bureaucracy and makes it more difficult to do transfers that are in the best interest of the national security of our country. I oppose the amendment for those reasons. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE), a cosponsor of this amendment. Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chair, well, how soon we forget why they are there. How soon we forget. Why are they there? Go to New York and look at the names engraved of the ladder men, the commercial pilots, the innocent. I did a lot to put them there. I don’t remember reading Miranda rights or warrants. Yet some people want to bring them back to the United States under U.S. law where rules of evidence and Miranda rights would apply. Yet that is ignored. Now we are asking for tighter con-trols overseas because one-third go back to the battlefield. Is it a risk we should incur? The answer is no. Why? Because what is left is the bottom. These are the guys that are not hang-ing around evil. These are the guys that are evil. They are absolutely evil, and we have seen it. So putting more controls, more re-strictions to protect American lives is what we must do in Congress. This is not a Democratic or Republican issue. This is an American issue. b1800 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time. I think that is the question: Why are they there? In the case of 26 of them, they are there because mistakes were made in picking them up. This hap-pened with many people at Guanta-namo, particularly in the early days, and these people have been there for a long time, where we basically weren’t taking any chances on whom we picked up. We threw out a wide net and brought people in. Now, there are estimated to be 44 of the folks there who are the baddest of the bad, who we have direct connec-tions to active terrorism, who we know are a threat to the United States of America, and I am not proposing what-soever that we should release those. But the question of why are they there is absolutely right, and it is not for the reasons that the previous gen-tleman stated in the cases of at least 26 of these inmates. They are there through a combination of mistakes, misidentification, misinformation, many different reasons why they were picked up, and the problem is, now: How do we transfer them out? How do we find a home country to send them to? I totally agree, if you are talking about incredibly dangerous people who have done what the previous speaker said, we have got to keep those people to protect America, but that is not the case with some of the inmates at Guan-tanamo. That is why we have been working to return these inmates to countries where they can be safely re-turned. It is not everybody at Guantanamo who falls into that category. That is the reason I oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Indiana has 1
1⁄4minutes remain-ing. Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I guess in answer to the questions that have been asked here, again, back to the fact that I think this is a very com-monsense amendment, this is talking about transparency and accountability. How did a detainee go from Sudan to Yemen? Because the rules are too loose. Let’s just bring accountability and transparency into this issue so the American people can see and so there is some accountability in this country on where these people end up. These are the worst of the worst. They have American blood on their hands. The ones we are talking about from this point forward continue to have unbelievable issues, unbelievably dangerous criminal attached to their title. I am just simply asking for ac-countability and transparency. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 732, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 3 consisting of amendment Nos. 22, 24, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 49, and 50 printed in part B of House Report No. 114–569, of-fered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY : 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . TURNER OF  
OHIO At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12xx. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON JULY 2016 NATO SUMMIT IN WARSAW, POLAND. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion (NATO) has been the cornerstone of transatlantic security cooperation and an enduring instrument for promoting stability in Europe and around the world for over 65 years. (2) NATO currently faces a range of evolv-ing security challenges, including Russian aggression in Eastern Europe, and insta-bility and conflict in the Middle East and North Africa. In the face of these varied challenges, NATO must deter threats and, if necessary, defend NATO member states against adversaries. (3) Since NATO’s 2014 summit in Wales, NATO member states have made progress in implementing a Readiness Action Plan to en-hance allied readiness and collective defense in response to Russian aggression. However, much work remains to be done. (4) NATO’s solidarity is strengthened by the bolstering of NATO’s conventional and nuclear deterrence, increased defense spend-ing by NATO member states, and continued enlargement of the Alliance. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) at the July 2016 NATO Summit in War-saw, Poland and beyond, the United States should— (A) welcome Montenegro’s accession to NATO; (B) continue to work with aspirant coun-tries to prepare them for entry into NATO; (C) continue supporting a Membership Ac-tion Plan (MAP) for Georgia; (D) encourage the leaders of Macedonia and Greece to find a mutually agreeable solution to the name dispute between the two coun-tries; (E) seek a Dayton II agreement to resolve the constitutional issues of Bosnia and Herzegovina; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00260 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.097 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2691 May 17, 2016 
(F) work with the Republic of Kosovo to prepare the country for entrance into the Partnership for Peace (PfP) program; (G) take a leading role in working with NATO member states to identify, through consensus, the current and future security threats facing the Alliance; and (H) take a leading role to work with other NATO member states to ensure the alliance maintains the required capabilities, includ-ing the gains in interoperability from com-bat in Afghanistan, necessary to meet the se-curity threats to the Alliance; (2) in Warsaw, NATO member states should build upon the progress made since the 2014 Wales Summit, by committing additional re-sources to NATO’s Readiness Action Plan and related measures to enhance allied read-iness and deterrence; (3) NATO member states should review de-fense spending to ensure sufficient funding is obligated to meet NATO responsibilities, in-cluding to allocate at least 2 percent of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) to defense spending, and to devote at least 20 percent of defense spending to defense modernization and new equipment; (4) the United States should commit to maintaining a robust military presence in Europe as a means of promoting allied inter-operability, providing visible assurance to NATO allies, and deterring Russian aggres-sion in the region; and (5) the United States reaffirms and remains committed to the policies enumerated by NATO member states in the Deterrence and Defense Posture Review, dated May 20, 2012, and the Wales Summit Declaration of Sep-tember 2014, including the following state-ment: ‘‘Deterrence, based on an appropriate mix of nuclear, conventional, and missile defence capabilities, remains a core element of our overall strategy.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . HANNA OF  
NEW YORK  In the table of contents for bill, insert after the item pertaining to section 1867 the following: Sec. 1868. Role of small business develop-ment centers in cyber security and preparedness. Sec. 1869. Additional cyber security assist-ance for small business develop-ment centers. Sec. 1870. Cybersecurity outreach for small business development centers. Sec. 1871. GAO study on small business cyber support services and small business development center cyber strategy. Sec. 1872. Prohibition on additional funds. Page 832, insert after line 5 the following: 
SEC. 1868. ROLE OF SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOP-MENT CENTERS IN CYBER SECURITY AND PREPAREDNESS. 
Section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘and providing access to business analysts who can refer small business concerns to avail-able experts:’’ and inserting ‘‘providing ac-cess to business analysts who can refer small business concerns to available experts; and, to the extent practicable, providing assist-ance in furtherance of the Small Business Development Center Cyber Strategy devel-oped under section 1871(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017:’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end of the following: ‘‘(G) access to cyber security specialists to counsel, assist, and inform small business concern clients, in furtherance of the Small Business Development Center Cyber Strat-egy developed under section .’’. SEC. 1869. ADDITIONAL CYBER SECURITY ASSIST-ANCE FOR SMALL BUSINESS DEVEL-OPMENT CENTERS. 
Section 21(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) C
YBER SECURITY ASSISTANCE .—The De- partment of Homeland Security, and any other Federal department or agency in co-ordination with the Department of Home-land Security, may provide assistance to small business development centers, through the dissemination of cybersecurity risk in-formation and other homeland security in-formation, to help small business concerns in developing or enhancing cyber security in-frastructure, cyber threat awareness, and cyber training programs for employees.’’. 
SEC. 1870. CYBERSECURITY OUTREACH FOR SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS. 
Section 227 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (l) as sub-section (m); and (2) by inserting after subsection (k) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(l) C
YBERSECURITY OUTREACH .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pro-vide assistance to small business develop-ment centers, through the dissemination of cybersecurity risk information and other homeland security information, to help small business concerns in developing or en-hancing cyber security infrastructure, cyber threat awareness, and cyber training pro-grams for employees. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section, the terms ‘small business concern’ and ‘small business development center’ have the meaning given such terms, respec-tively, under section 3 of the Small Business Act.’’. 
SEC. 1871. GAO STUDY ON SMALL BUSINESS CYBER SUPPORT SERVICES AND SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTER CYBER STRATEGY. 
(a) R EVIEW OF CURRENT CYBER SECURITY  R
ESOURCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of current cyber security resources at the Federal level aimed at assisting small busi-ness concerns with developing or enhancing cyber security infrastructure, cyber threat awareness, or cyber training programs for employees. (2) C
ONTENT .—The review required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An accounting and description of all Federal Government programs, projects, and activities that currently provide assistance to small business concerns in developing or enhancing cyber security infrastructure, cyber threat awareness, or cyber training programs for employees. (B) An assessment of how widely utilized the resources described under subparagraph (A) are by small business concerns and a re-view of whether or not such resources are du-plicative of other programs and structured in a manner that makes them accessible to and supportive of small business concerns. (3) R
EPORT .—The Comptroller General shall issue a report to the Congress, the Small Business Administrator, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and any association recognized under section 21(a)(3)(A) of the Small Business Act containing all findings and determinations made in carrying out the review required under paragraph (1). (b) S
MALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTER  C
YBER STRATEGY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the issuance of the report under sub-section (a)(3), the Small Business Adminis-trator and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall work collaboratively to develop a Small Business Development Center Cyber Strategy. (2) CONSULTATION .—In developing the strat-egy under this subsection, the Small Busi-ness Administrator and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall consult with enti-ties representing the concerns of small busi-ness development centers, including any as-sociation recognized under section 21(a)(3)(A) of the Small Business Act. (3) C
ONTENT .—The strategy required under paragraph (1) shall include, at minimum, the following: (A) Plans for incorporating small business development centers (hereinafter in this sec-tion referred to as ‘‘SBDCs’’) into existing cyber programs to enhance services and streamline cyber assistance to small busi-ness concerns. (B) To the extent practicable, methods for the provision of counsel and assistance to improve a small business concern’s cyber se-curity infrastructure, cyber threat aware-ness, and cyber training programs for em-ployees, including— (i) working to ensure individuals are aware of best practices in the areas of cyber secu-rity, cyber threat awareness, and cyber training; (ii) working with individuals to develop cost-effective plans for implementing best practices in these areas; (iii) entering into agreements, where prac-tical, with Information Sharing and Analysis Centers or similar cyber information sharing entities to gain an awareness of actionable threat information that may be beneficial to small business concerns; and (iv) providing referrals to area specialists when necessary. (C) An analysis of— (i) how Federal Government programs, projects, and activities identified by the Comptroller General in the report issued under subsection (a)(1) can be leveraged by SBDCs to improve access to high-quality cyber support for small business concerns; (ii) additional resources SBDCs may need to effectively carry out their role; and (iii) how SBDCs can leverage existing part-nerships and develop new ones with Federal, State, and local government entities as well as private entities to improve the quality of cyber support services to small business con-cerns. (4) D
ELIVERY OF STRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the issuance of the report under subsection (a)(3), the Small Business Development Center Cyber Strategy shall be issued to the Committees on Homeland Secu-rity and Small Business of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committees on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs and Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate. 
SEC. 1872. PROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDS. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out sections 1868 through 1871 or the amendments made by such sections. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . BERA OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the following new section: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON AVAILABILITY OF COL-LEGE CREDIT FOR SKILLS AC-QUIRED DURING MILITARY SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, Education, and Labor, shall submit to Con-gress a report on the transfer of skills into equivalent college credits or technical cer-tifications for members of the Armed Forces 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00261 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.051 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2692 May 17, 2016 
leaving the military. Such report shall de-scribe each the following: (1) Each skill that may be acquired during military service that is eligible for transfer into an equivalent college credit or technical certification. (2) The academic level of the equivalent college credit or technical certification for which each such skill is eligible. (3) Each academic institution that awards an equivalent college credit or technical cer-tification for such skills, including— (A) whether each such academic institu-tion is public or private and whether such in-stitution is for profit; and (B) the number of veterans that applied to such academic institutions who were able to receive equivalent college credits or tech-nical certifications in the last fiscal year, and the academic level of the credits or cer-tifications. (4) The number of members of the Armed Forces who left the military in the last fiscal year and the number of those individuals who met with an academic or technical training advisor as part of their participa-tion in the Transition Assistance Program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . MCGOVERN  
OF MASSACHUETTS  Page 173, after line 2, add the following new section: 
SEC. 599A. ATOMIC VETERANS SERVICE MEDAL. 
(a) S ERVICE MEDAL REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall design and produce a military service medal, to be known as the ‘‘Atomic Veterans Service Medal’’, to honor retired and former members of the Armed Forces who are radiation-exposed veterans (as such term is defined in section 1112(c)(3) of title 38, United States Code). (b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF MEDAL .— (1) I
SSUANCE TO RETIRED AND FORMER MEM -
BERS .—At the request of a radiation-exposed veteran, the Secretary of Defense shall issue the Atomic Veterans Service Medal to the veteran. (2) I
SSUANCE TO NEXT -OF-KIN.—In the case of a radiation-exposed veteran who is de-ceased, the Secretary may provide for issuance of the Atomic Veterans Service Medal to the next-of-kin of the person. (3) A
PPLICATION .—The Secretary shall pre-pare and disseminate as appropriate an ap-plication by which radiation-exposed vet-erans and their next-of-kin may apply to re-ceive the Atomic Veterans Service Medal. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
OF FLORIDA  Page 243, strike lines 14 and 15 and insert the following: ‘‘chapter— ‘‘(A) in a more effective, efficient, or eco-nomical manner; and ‘‘(B) at a level of quality at least com-parable to the quality of services bene-ficiaries would receive from a military med-ical treatment facility; or’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MR . CARTER OF  
TEXAS  At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 7ll. USE OF MEFLOQUINE FOR MALARIA. 
(a) M EFLOQUINE .—In providing health care to members of the Armed Forces, the Sec-retary of Defense shall require— (1) that the use of mefloquine for the pro-phylaxis of malaria be limited to members with intolerance or contraindications to other chemoprophylaxis; (2) that mefloquine be prescribed by a li-censed medical provider on an individual basis, and (3) that members prescribed mefloquine for malaria prophylaxis be counseled by the medical provider about the potential side ef-fects of the drug and be provided the Food and Drug Administration-required patient information handouts. (b) PROCESS AND REVIEW .— (1) P
ROCESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, in pro-viding health care to members of the Armed Forces, the Secretary shall develop a stand-ardized process to document the screening for contraindications and patient education, including a prior authorization form, to be used by all medical providers prescribing mefloquine for malaria prophylaxis. (2) A
NNUAL REVIEW .—The Secretary shall conduct an annual review of each mefloquine prescription at all military medical treat-ment facilities to evaluate the documenta-tion of the assessment for contraindications, justification for not using other chemoprophylaxis, and patient education for the safe use of mefloquine and its side ef-fects. (c) A
DVERSE HEALTH EFFECTS OF  M
EFLOQUINE .—The Secretary of Defense shall expand the missions of the Hearing Center of Excellence, the Vision Center of Excellence, the Defense Centers of Excellence for Psy-chological Health and Traumatic Brain In-jury (including the Deployment Health Clin-ical Center), and the Center for Deployment Health Research to include, as appropriate, improving the clinical evaluation, diagnosis, management, and epidemiological study of adverse health effects among members of the Armed Forces following exposure to mefloquine. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . WILSON OF  
SOUTH CAROLINA  Section 825 is amended by inserting at the end of subsection (f) (page 304, after line 12) the following: (3) T
ERMINATION OF REPORT REQUIREMENT .— The requirement to submit a report under this subsection shall terminate on the date occurring five years after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . WILSON OF  
SOUTH CAROLINA  At the end of title VIII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 843. REVISION OF EFFECTIVE DATE FOR AMENDMENTS RELATING TO UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR BUSI-NESS MANAGEMENT AND INFORMA-TION. 
Section 901(a)(1) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ Mckeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113-291; 128 Stat. 3462; 10 U.S.C. 132a note) is amended by striking ‘‘February 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘February 1, 2018’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER OF  
VIRGINIA  At the end of title VIII, add the following new section: 
SEC. 843. PROMOTION OF VALUE-BASED DE-FENSE PROCUREMENT. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It shall be the policy of the Department of Defense to avoid using lowest price technically acceptable source selection criteria in inappropriate cir-cumstances that potentially deny the De-partment the benefits of cost and technical tradeoffs in the source selection process. (b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR SOLICITATIONS .—For new solicitations issued on or after the date that is 120 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, lowest price technically ac-ceptable source selection criteria shall be used only in situations in which— (1) the Department of Defense is able to comprehensively and clearly describe the minimum requirements expressed in term of performance objectives, measures, and standards that will be used to determine ac-ceptability of offers; (2) the Department would realize no, or minimal, value from a contract proposal ex-ceeding the minimum technical or perform-ance requirements set forth in the request for proposal; (3) the proposed technical approaches will require no, or minimal, subjective judgment by the source selection authority as to the desirability of one offeror’s proposal versus a competing proposal; (4) a review of technical proposals of offerors other than the lowest bidder would result in no, or minimal, benefit to the De-partment; and (5) the contracting officer has included a justification for the use of a lowest price technically acceptable evaluation method-ology in the contract file, if the contract to be awarded is predominately for the acquisi-tion of information technology services, sys-tems engineering and technical assistance services, or other knowledge-based profes-sional services. (c) AVOIDANCE OF USE OF LOWEST PRICE T
ECHNICALLY ACCEPTABLE SOURCE SELECTION  C
RITERIA IN PROCUREMENTS OF INFORMATION  T
ECHNOLOGY AND AUDITING .—To the max-imum extent practicable, the use of lowest price technically acceptable source selection criteria shall be avoided when the procure-ment is predominately for the acquisition of information technology services, systems en-gineering and technical assistance services, audit or audit readiness services, or other knowledge-based professional services. (d) R
EPORTING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 3 years, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the number of instances in which lowest- price technically acceptable source selection criteria is used, including an explanation of how the criteria was considered when mak-ing a determination to use lowest price tech-nically acceptable source selection criteria. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle A of title X (page 370, after line 17), insert the following new sec-tion: 
SEC. 1003. REPORT ON AUDITABLE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report ranking all mili-tary departments and Defense Agencies in order of how advanced they are in achieving auditable financial statements as required by law. The report should not include infor-mation otherwise available in other reports to Congress. 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . TURNER OF  
OHIO Add at the end of subtitle F of title X the following new section: 
SEC. 10ll. BRIEFING ON CRITERIA FOR DETER-MINING LOCATIONS OF AIR FORCE INSTALLATION AND MISSION SUP-PORT CENTER HEADQUARTERS. 
(a) B RIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives on the Department of the Air Force’s process and reasoning for using proximity to primary medium commercial hub airports as part of the mission criteria for the Air Force Instal-lation and Mission Support Center head-quarters strategic basing process. (b) C
ONTENTS OF BRIEFING .—The briefing under subsection (a) will specifically address the rationale behind the distance categories used to allocate points under this mission criteria referred to in subsection (a), and shall provide references to any existing gov-ernment guidance that supports use of these distance categories. In addition, the briefing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00262 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.051 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2693 May 17, 2016 
shall include an analysis regarding the rea-sons why the Department did not consider commuting times as a more equitable way of determining proximity to commercial hub airports that would account for the impact of different traffic conditions across the can-didate locations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MS . FRANKEL  
OF FLORIDA  Page 462, after line 13, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 1098. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING AMERICAN VETERANS DISABLED FOR LIFE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) There are at least 3,600,000 veterans cur-rently living with service-connected disabil-ities. (2) As a result of their service, many vet-erans are permanently disabled throughout their lives and in many cases must rely on the support of their families and friends when these visible and invisible burdens be-come too much to bear alone. (3) October 5, which is the anniversary of the dedication of the American Veterans Dis-abled for Life Memorial, has been recognized as an appropriate day on which to honor American veterans disabled for life each year. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) expresses its appreciation to the men and women left permanently wounded, ill, or injured as a result of their service in the Armed Forces; (2) supports the annual recognition of American veterans disabled for life each year; and (3) encourages the American people to honor American veterans disabled for life each year with appropriate programs and ac-tivities. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER OF  
VIRGINIA  Page 462, after line 13, insert the following: 
SEC. 1098. STUDY ON MILITARY HELICOPTER NOISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, shall— (1) conduct a study on the effects of mili-tary helicopter noise on National Capital Re-gion communities and individuals; and (2) develop recommendations for the reduc-tion of the effects of military helicopter noise on individuals, structures, and prop-erty values in the National Capital Region. (b) F
OCUS.—In conducting the study under subsection (a) , the Secretary and the Ad-ministrator shall focus on air traffic control, airspace design, airspace management, and types of aircraft, to address helicopter noise problems and shall take into account the needs of law enforcement, emergency, and military operations. (c) C
ONSIDERATION OF VIEWS.—In con- ducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider the views of rep-resentatives of— (1) members of the Armed Forces; (2) law enforcement agencies; (3) community stakeholders, including residents and local government officials; and (4) organizations with an interest in reduc-ing military helicopter noise. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port on the results of the study conducted under subsection (a). (2) A
VAILABILITY TO THE PUBLIC .—The Sec- retary shall make the report required under paragraph (1) publicly available. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 732, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’R
OURKE ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ). Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, each of these amendments in this en bloc package has been worked on both sides of the aisle. I believe this package deserves Members’ support. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank the chairman from Texas for adding my amendment to this en bloc. Mr. Chairman, my amendment today would require the Defense Department and FAA to study the impact of mili-tary helicopter noise in the national capital region and to develop rec-ommendations to reduce the effect of noise on people and property. The airspace around Washington, D.C., is more restricted and more high-ly congested than in any other part of the country. On average, 144 helicopter operations take place here every day, 75 percent of which are military, en-compassing all types of military air-craft. One recent addition to our air-space is the V–22 Osprey, a hybrid heli-copter and airplane with the width of an 8-story building. It has been de-ployed to war zones in Iraq and Af-ghanistan, rescue missions in Haiti and the San Juan Mountains, and now the peaceful communities of northern Vir-ginia. As most of my colleagues probably know, the Osprey can transition from a turboprop plane to a conventional heli-copter, all while hovering at a low alti-tude. This noisy transition takes place directly over the Fairlington neighbor-hood in my district in Arlington, Vir-ginia. Mr. Chairman, the communities in my district are realistic about the noise helicopters generate and are sen-sitive to the operational needs of the military, but the routes and altitude caps dictated by the FAA follow best practices for public and private air-craft, not military aircraft designed for a conflict zone. A total quieting of the skies in northern Virginia is not possible or even practical; but given the military’s insistence on using such heavy, loud aircraft, it is only right that they work with the FAA to reexamine the exist-ing route structure and offer some pos-sible solutions. I urge my fellow Members to support this amendment en bloc. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I would inform the gentleman that I have no speakers on this amendment at this point, so I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I have no speakers at this time. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the dis-tinguished gentleman from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ). Mr. MCGOVERN. I thank the chair-man for his graciousness. Mr. Chair, I rise in favor of the McGovern-Pompeo amendment, which is part of this en bloc, to create a medal honoring the service of atomic veterans or their surviving family members. Between 1945 and 1962, over 200,000 servicemembers conducted hundreds of nuclear weapons tests and were ex-posed to dangerous levels of radiation. Sworn to secrecy, they couldn’t even tell their doctors. Presidents Bill Clinton and George H. W. Bush recognized their service by providing specialized care and com-pensation, but this isn’t enough. Joe Mondello, a constituent of mine from Shrewsbury, Massachusetts, and other atomic veterans helped bring this issue to my attention. It is long past time to honor their service. Last year, with the help of the chair-man, in the DOD authorization bill we included this amendment, but then the Department of Defense insisted the Senate remove it. Their explanation? We don’t have a medal and don’t want to create one. Congress should find an-other way to honor these veterans. That is no excuse. In fact, that is in-sensitive, it is dismissive, and it is un-grateful. We should be appalled. Tragically, many of these atomic veterans have already died without re-ceiving recognition. They kept a code of silence that likely led to many of them passing away too soon. We must right this wrong. Support this amend-ment. I urge the Senate to do the same thing. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers. I urge adoption of the en bloc pack-age. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to House Resolution 732, I offer amendments en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 4 consisting of amendment Nos. 48, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, and 61 printed in part B of House Report No. 114–569, offered by Mr. T
HORNBERRY : 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MR . ZELDIN OF  
NEW YORK  Page 423, after line 3, insert the following: 
SEC. 1070. REPORT ON TESTING AND INTEGRA-TION OF MINEHUNTING SONAR SYS-TEMS TO IMPROVE LITTORAL COM-BAT SHIP MINEHUNTING CAPABILI-TIES. 
(a) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than April 1, 2018, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report that contains the findings of an assessment of all operational minehunting Synthetic Aperture Sonar (hereinafter re-ferred to as ‘‘SAS’’) technologies suitable to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00263 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.051 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2694 May 17, 2016 
meet the requirements for use on the Lit-toral Combat Ship Mine Countermeasures Mission Package. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an explanation of the future acquisition strategy for the minehunting mission pack-age; (2) specific details regarding the capabili-ties of all in-production SAS systems avail-able for integration into the Littoral Combat Ship Mine Countermeasure Mission Package; (3) an assessment of key performance pa-rameters for the Littoral Combat Ship Mine Countermeasures Mission Package with each of the assessed SAS technologies; and (4) a review of the Department of the Navy’s efforts to evaluate SAS technologies in operation with allied Navies for future use on the Littoral Combat Ship Mine Counter-measures Mission Package. (c) S
YSTEM TESTING .—The Secretary of the Navy is encouraged to perform at-sea testing and experimentation of sonar systems in order to provide data in support of the as-sessment required by subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . TROTT OF  
MICHIGAN  At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12xx. UNITED NATIONS PROCESSING CEN-TER IN ERBIL, IRAQI KURDISTAN, TO ASSIST INTERNATIONALLY-DIS-PLACED COMMUNITIES. 
The President shall instruct the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations to use the voice and vote of the United States at the United Nations to seek the establishment of a United Nations processing center in Erbil, Iraqi Kurdistan, to assist internationally-displaced commu-nities. 
AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MR . VELA OF  
TEXAS  At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12xx. REPORT ON VIOLENCE AND CARTEL ACTIVITY IN MEXICO. 
The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on violence and cartel activity in Mex-ico and the impact of such on United States national security. 
AMENDMENT NO . 53 OFFERED BY MR . 
THORNBERRY OF TEXAS  At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12xx. UNITED STATES POLICY ON TAIWAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) For more than 50 years, the United States and Taiwan have had a unique and close relationship, which has supported the economic, cultural, and strategic advantage to both countries. (2) The United States has vital security and strategic interests in the Taiwan Strait. (3) The Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) has been instru-mental in maintaining peace, security, and stability in the Taiwan Strait since its en-actment in 1979. (4) The Taiwan Relations Act states that it is the policy of the United States to provide Taiwan with arms of a defensive character and to maintain the capacity of the United States to defend against any forms of coer-cion that would jeopardize the security, or the social or economic system, of the people on Taiwan. (b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—The Taiwan Re-lations Act (Public Law 96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) forms the cornerstone of United States policy and relations with Taiwan. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than February 15, 2017, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port that contains a description of the steps the United States has taken, plans to take, and will take to provide Taiwan with arms of a defensive character in accordance with the Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8; 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.). (2) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-propriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN OF  
MINNESOTA  At the end of section 1504, page 599, line 3, add the following new subsection: (c) C
ONDITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR SYRIA T
RAIN AND EQUIP PROGRAMS .—Amounts au-thorized to be appropriated by this section for the Syria Train and Equip programs, as specified in the funding table in section 4302, may not be provided to any recipient that the Secretary of Defense has reported, pursu-ant to a quarterly progress report submitted pursuant to section 1209 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541), as having misused provided training and equipment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MR . AGUILAR OF  
CALIFORNIA  At the end of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 16ll. PILOT PROGRAMS ON DIRECT COM-MISSIONS TO CYBER POSITIONS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Air Force shall each carry out a pilot program to im-prove the ability of the Army and the Air Force, respectively, to recruit cyber profes-sionals. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Under the pilot program, the Secretaries shall each allow individuals who meet educational, physical, and other requirements determined appropriate by the Secretary to receive original appointments as commissioned officers in a cyber spe-cialty. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the pilot program, the Secretaries may consult with the Secretary of the Navy with respect to a similar program carried out by the Secretary of the Navy. (d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that Congress supports the direct commission of individuals trained in cyber specialties because the demand for skilled cyber personnel outstrips the supply of such personnel, and there is great competition for such personnel with private industry. 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MR . DOLD OF  
ILLINOIS  In the table in section 2207(b) of division B (relating to the Extension of 2014 Project Au-thorizations for the Navy), insert after the projects relating to Hawaii a new item as fol-lows: 
Illinois ..... Great Lakes.Unaccom-panied Housing $35,851,000 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MS . JUDY CHU  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 798, line 22, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 799, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 799, insert after line 2 the following: (VI) the population density of the area to be served by the women’s business center. 
AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MR . 
PERLMUTTER OF COLORADO  Add at the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII the following: SEC. 28ll. MODIFICATION OF LAND CONVEY-ANCE, ROCKY MOUNTAIN ARSENAL NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE. 
Section 5(d)(1) of the Rocky Mountain Ar-senal National Wildlife Refuge Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–402; 16 U.S.C. 668dd note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C)(i) Notwithstanding clause (i) of sub-paragraph (A), the restriction attached to any deed to any real property designated for disposal under this section that prohibits the use of the property for residential or indus-trial purposes may be modified or removed if it is determined, through a risk assessment performed pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), that the property is protective for the pro-posed use. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary of the Army shall not be responsible or liable for any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(I) The cost of any risk assessment de-scribed in clause (i) or any actions taken in response to such risk assessment. ‘‘(II) Any damages attributable to the use of property for residential or industrial pur-poses as the result of the modification or re-moval of a deed restriction pursuant to clause (i), or the costs of any actions taken in response to such damages.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 59 OFFERED BY MR . POMPEO OF  
KANSAS  Page 384, after line 15, insert the following: 
SEC. 1038. DECLASSIFICATION OF INFORMATION ON PAST TERRORIST ACTIVITIES OF DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall— (1) complete a declassification review of in-telligence reports prepared by the National Counterterrorism Center prior to Periodic Review Board sessions or detainee transfers on the past terrorist activities of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, who were trans-ferred or released from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay; and (2) make available to the public any infor-mation declassified as a result of the declas-sification review; and (3) submit to the appropriate congressional committees, consistent with the protection of sources and methods, a report setting forth— (A) the results of the declassification re-view; and (B) if any information covered by the de-classification review was not declassified pursuant to the review, a justification for the determination not to declassify such in-formation. (b) P
ASTTERRORIST ACTIVITIES .—For pur- poses of this section, the past terrorist ac-tivities of an individual shall include the ter-rorist activities conducted by the individual before the transfer of the individual to the detention facility at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, including, at a minimum, the following: (1) The terrorist organization, if any, with which affiliated. (2) The terrorist training, if any, received. (3) The role in past terrorist attacks against the interests or allies of the United States. (4) The direct responsibility, if any, for the death of citizens of the United States or members of the Armed Forces. (5) Any admission of any matter specified in paragraphs (1) through (4). (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00264 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.047 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2695 May 17, 2016 
(1) the congressional defense committees; (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (3) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (4) the Permanent Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives; and (5) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 61 OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY  
OF ARIZONA  Page 384, after line 15, insert the following: 
SEC. 1038. PROHIBITION ON ENFORCEMENT OF MILITARY COMMISSION RULINGS PREVENTING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FROM CARRYING OUT OTHERWISE LAWFUL DUTIES BASED ON MEMBER GENDER. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No order, ruling, finding, or other determination of a military com-mission may be construed or implemented to prohibit or restrict a member of the Armed Forces from carrying out duties otherwise lawfully assigned to such member to the ex-tent that the basis for such prohibition or re-striction is the gender of such member. (b) A
PPLICABILITY TO PRIOR ORDERS , ETC..— In the case of an order, ruling, finding, or other determination described in subsection (a) that was issued before the date of the en-actment of this Act in a military commis-sion and is still effective as of the date of the enactment of this Act, such order, ruling, finding, or determination shall be deemed to be vacated and null and void only to the ex-tent of any prohibition or restriction on the duties of members of the Armed Forces that is based on the gender of members. (c) M
ILITARY COMMISSION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘military commission’’ means a military commission established under chapter 47A of title 10, United States Code, and any military commission other-wise established or convened by law. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 732, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’R
OURKE ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ). Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, this additional en bloc package No. 4 consists of a number of amendments that have been worked with both sides of the aisle. I believe that this en bloc package deserves the support of all Members. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, at this time I do not have a speaker, so I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Chairman, there are a number of subjects that are covered in this en bloc package, and I think it exempli-fies the work that goes into creating this defense authorization bill. If you look at the size of the bill, it is very large. As a matter of fact, it is over 1,200 pages when you look at the legislation. Of course, one of the rea-sons this bill is so large this year is that it includes five major packages of reforms, including: acquisition reform, healthcare reform, commissary reform, organizational reform, and Uniform Code of Military Justice reform. All of these things have been worked with Members on both sides of the aisle. I understand that not all Mem-bers may agree with every provision. I certainly don’t. But the point is this bill supports the men and women who risk their lives to serve our country, so that is the time when all of us should put aside whatever differences we have with this provision or that or this ap-proach or that and come together on what has been for 54 years, and con-tinues to be this year, a bipartisan product. For all of the amendments that are included in this en bloc package, I be-lieve they deserve the support of the House. I hope they will be adopted. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. JUDYCHU). Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Chairman, the Small Business Admin-istration’s, or SBA’s, Women’s Busi-ness Centers, the WBCs, fill a critical gap in our economy. Despite being more than 50 percent of the population, women own just 30 per-cent of all businesses, and the same ob-stacles that keep some from starting a business keep others from growing theirs. By providing specialized resources, Women’s Business Centers are designed to make sure women-owned businesses succeed. That is why it is imperative that female entrepreneurs are able to access these resources in a convenient way. The reality is that in large, densely populated areas, the need for these cen-ters is greater due to the higher con-centration of women entrepreneurs. In fact, Los Angeles County was home to more women-owned businesses than any other county in the entire country in 2012, yet some women had to wait weeks or months or were forced to travel long distances in order to visit a WBC because the center closest to them was unable to meet the demand. My amendment would address this reality by ensuring that the SBA con-siders the population density of the area to be serviced when reviewing and selecting eligible organizations for the Women’s Business Center grants. We must continue to work to ensure that these centers are convenient and acces-sible for all women because, when women succeed, America succeeds. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Chairman, among the amend-ments in this en bloc package is one by Mr. N
OLAN of Minnesota that prohibits funding for the Syria Train and Equip programs to recipients that the Sec-retary of Defense has reported as hav-ing misused that training or equip-ment. This amendment comes from a Democratic Member, but I think it is very important for all of us to do what we can to ensure that training and weapons provided to forces we are as-sisting in Syria not be misused, that they not get in the hands of terrorists. Just to take that one example, where I believe a good amendment has been ac-cepted by both sides of the aisle, that helps ensure that the goals we all share—in this case, for the Syria Train and Equip program—are met. That is an example of the bipartisan nature of this bill. Similarly, there is an amendment here by Mr. AGUILAR of California cre-ating a pilot program to improve the ability to recruit cyber professionals, a new domain of warfare, an enormous challenge for the government to com-pete with Silicon Valley, the Austin- San Antonio corridor, and other places that are recruiting cyber professionals, but a good and valued step. Those are examples of the amendments in this en bloc package. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chair, I have no other speakers on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. b1815 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . LARSEN OF  
WASHINGTON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 25 printed in part B of House Report 114–569. Mr. LARSEN of WASHINGTON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 995, line 2, strike ‘‘to be new and emergency in nature’’ and insert ‘‘will sig-nificantly reduce the nuclear threat’’. Page 995, line 9, insert ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon. Page 995, strike lines 13 through 17. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 732, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. L
ARSEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, this amendment aims to remedy a provision in the base text that could unnecessarily hamstring the vital work of preventing terrorists from obtaining nuclear material. Section 3115 of the NDAA prohibits collaboration with Russia on atomic energy defense activities, but provides the Secretary of Energy with waiver authority. However, the Secretary of Energy can only exercise the waiver if there is a new emergency and if we completely eliminate the backlog of physical secu-rity maintenance work at DOE defense nuclear sites in the U.S. I stand with my colleagues in opposi-tion to Russian aggression in Crimea, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00265 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.047 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2696 May 17, 2016 
Ukraine, Syria, and threatening activ-ity in the Baltics and elsewhere. However, I believe that the terms of this waiver are wrong and would be, frankly, impossible to execute. If we give the Secretary of Energy a waiver, it should be achievable. That is why my amendment improves the standard to a simple one: the Sec-retary must certify that this coopera-tion will significantly reduce the nu-clear threat. It is no secret that nuclear material in Russia is vulnerable to theft and smuggling. According to Harvard Uni-versity’s Managing the Atom project, Russian nuclear material is at risk from both insiders and outsiders. Nu-clear material stolen in Russia does not have to remain in Russia and, therefore, could be a threat to the homeland. Currently, we do not do any nuclear threat reduction work with Russia. If the opportunity presented itself and it was in the interest of national secu-rity, why not at least have that option? So I encourage Members to support my amendment so our government can protect Americans from nuclear ter-rorism, regardless of where that mate-rial originates. Mr. Chairman, I urge people to sup-port this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the points raised by the distinguished gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. L
ARSEN ). As a matter of fact, I remember very well that one of my early speeches on the floor of the House was on a motion to recommit—supporting a Democratic motion, actually—regarding our efforts to help the Russians get control of their nuclear material. That certainly has been an important priority. It is also true that, since I was in the well in the mid-1990s on that, things have changed. What we see is Russia spending an incredible amount of money modernizing a variety of weap-ons systems, including their nuclear weapons. It includes submarines and bombers and a whole variety of things, but it includes new nuclear weapons. Yet, on the other hand, we have enor-mous backlogs of deferred mainte-nance, we call it, in our nuclear infra-structure, in our nuclear weapons com-plex. Deferred maintenance is a euphe-mism, Mr. Chairman, because even in my own district we have folks working in deplorable conditions. We are talk-ing about engineers and others working in conditions that no one should have to work in because we have neglected our infrastructure throughout the nu-clear complex. So I think the purpose of the under-lying provision is that we shouldn’t spend money doing what Russia has the money to do for itself, especially when our own nuclear infrastructure is in such disrepair. Now, there is a waiver provision. If there is something crucial, then, obvi-ously, another arrangement can be made. But the basic premise is Russia has changed. They are behaving not only more aggressively, but modern-izing their military. Meanwhile, we have neglected ours. It is time for us to catch up. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chairman, I agree with the distin-guished gentleman from Texas that Russia has changed. The threat of loose nuclear material has not changed. Nu-clear material in Russia is far more vulnerable than in the United States, and stolen nuclear material anywhere is a threat to Americans. Now, on a bipartisan basis, this com-mittee has increased funding for do-mestic physical security improve-ments. However, at current funding levels, that backlog will exist for years. If Congress is going to establish a waiver process, it should be an achiev-able one. Right now we do not do any of this work in Russia, but we have the opportunity to reduce the nuclear threat, and we should keep that option available. I would ask this body to sup-port my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, again, I appreciate the importance that the gentleman places on securing nu-clear material. I share his view. I still am very concerned, for example, that terrorists will obtain—and we know they would use—nuclear material if they have the opportunity. The concern here is that we are doing things for Russians with American tax-payer dollars so they need not do it for themselves. In fact, what they do for themselves is build more capability that threatens us. We can’t continue down that road. I oppose the amendment, and I urge Members to do likewise. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. L
ARSEN ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF  
ALABAMA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 26 printed in part B of House Report 114–569. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 31ll. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of En-ergy for the Office of the Secretary of En-ergy, not more than 50 percent may be obli-gated or expended until the date on which the Secretary submits to the appropriate congressional committees the report under subsection (b). (b) REPORT .—Not later than 15 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees the full report, and any related materials, titled ‘‘U.S. Nu-clear Deterrence in the Coming Decades’’, dated August 15, 2014. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 732, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OGERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I offer a simple amendment to de-fend congressional prerogatives and en-sure Congress is getting full informa-tion from the administration regarding one of our Nation’s highest priority de-fense missions: nuclear deterrence. Several years ago the Secretary of Energy tasked the Nation’s nuclear weapons labs to produce a study on the future of nuclear deterrence. That study was finalized in August of 2014, almost 2 years ago. The Secretary made a personal com-mitment to senior members of the Armed Services Committee that he would send over the report resulting from that study. Now, 2 years later, we still have not received that report. This amendment will ensure DOE acts to fulfill the Secretary’s commit-ment to provide this report to Con-gress, ensure Congress can conduct ap-propriate oversight and has visibility into matters as important as the fu-ture of nuclear deterrence, which the Secretary of Defense has called the Na-tion’s highest priority defense mission, and it fences only a couple million dol-lars in administrative funds within the Office of the Secretary. This will be enough to ensure we receive this report and will not impact the DOE’s mission at all. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COOPER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Tennessee is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. COOPER. Mr. Chair, I appreciate my friendship with the gentleman from Alabama, but I think this amendment goes way too far. To fence half the funds of the Office of the Secretary of Energy is overkill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00266 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.105 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2697 May 17, 2016 
Secretary Moniz has done an excellent job. This is really a punishment, though, that will go to the next Sec-retary, a man who is not in any way re-sponsible for this delay. Has there been a delay? It is my in-formation that the chairman of the full committee has had access to this re-port. Access to this report has been of-fered to the gentleman from Alabama and to myself. Without having read the report, we do not know what issues of classifica-tion or bureaucracy are involved in this. But this is among the Nation’s most precious and most classified se-crets. To me, to use a sledgehammer like this against a good person and against that good person’s successor, whoever that may be, is really a crude way to handle a breakdown in commu-nications. Surely there is a better way to solve this problem. His office is just down the street. We get along with him just fine. He has been fully communicative and extremely able in every aspect. But to have a delayed report merit a sanction like this is pretty extraor-dinary. So I would urge my friend, the gen-tleman from Alabama, to reconsider and not have what I consider to be a staff-driven tiff escalate into some-thing much greater than it should be. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I appreciate my friend’s remarks, and I agree. I like Mr. Moniz. I think the Secretary is a fine man and he is trying to do the right thing. I have had a conversation with the ranking member earlier today, but I haven’t had a chance to follow up with him. I have been on the floor doing a lot. The only problem I have with with-drawing the amendment is we need this report between now and the time we go to conference to take what is yielded from it and visit with the appropri-ators. Just me reading the report with you in private would not give me the docu-mentation to take what it says—what I believe it says—and produce some pol-icy that will deal with what the report says is a threat to our country. b1830 For that reason, I would like to urge my colleagues to vote for the amend-ment, and reassure my friend and the Secretary that if, in fact, the report is forthcoming, and we are going to have a few months between now and the time we go to conference, I will be happy, in conference, to ask that this provision be withdrawn. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COOPER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Alabama. I would just urge that both he and other Members not use this in any way as a precedent. It is one thing to fence an appropriate amount of money over a worthy dis-agreement, but this is overkill in this case, at least in my opinion. So we probably will not prevail on the vote, but we need to establish precedents that will work for the strongest possible defense for that country, and a minimum of bureau-cratic conflict. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair-man, I thank my friend from Ten-nessee, and I urge my friends in the House to vote ‘‘yes.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OGERS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 60 OFFERED BY MR . ZINKE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 60 printed in part B of House Report 114–569. Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 16ll. REQUESTS FOR FORCES TO MEET SE-CURITY REQUIREMENTS FOR LAND- BASED NUCLEAR FORCES. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION .—Not later than five days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall certify to the congressional de-fense committees that the Chairmans has ap-proved any requests for forces, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, of a com-mander of a combatant command to meet the security requirements of land-based nu-clear forces. (b) L
IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the travel and representational expenses of the Secretary of Defense, not more than 75 per-cent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that there is a competitive acquisition process in place to ensure the fielding of a UH–1N replace-ment aircraft in fiscal year 2018. 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No. 60 be modified by the form that I have placed at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-port the modification. The Clerk read as follows: 
MODIFICATION TO AMENDMENT NO . 60 OFFERED  
BY MR . ZINKE OF MONTANA  At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following new section: 
SEC. 16ll. REQUESTS FOR FORCES TO MEET SE-CURITY REQUIREMENTS FOR LAND- BASED NUCLEAR FORCES. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION .—Not later than five days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall certify to the congressional de-fense committees that the Chairman has ap-proved any requests for forces, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, of a com-mander of a combatant command to meet the security requirements of land-based nu-clear forces. (b) L
IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2017 for the travel and representational expenses of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Under Secretary cer-tifies to the congressional defense commit-tees that there is a competitive acquisition process in place to ensure that a UH–1N re-placement aircraft is under contract in fiscal year 2018. Mr. ZINKE (during the reading). Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Montana? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the original request of the gen-tleman from Montana? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 732, the gentleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Montana. Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that will ensure that our servicemembers in the nuclear security forces have the ability to do their job. Each and every day, these men and women are tasked with the protection of our nuclear weapons. This is not a mission that we can fail, and, thank-fully, they have performed their mis-sion successfully for over half a decade. Unfortunately, despite the gravity and importance of this mission, these men and women must use Huey heli-copters, UH–1s, that are in the Viet-nam-era. They must be able to respond anywhere in a 32,000-square-mile area, larger than the State of Maine, while using these helicopters that are over 50 years old. Air Force demonstrations performed at Minot Air Force Base have shown time and time again that critical secu-rity shortages exist using these Hueys, and they are problematic in mission success. The Air Force and the Department of Defense have known this for over a dec-ade but, unfortunately, have consist-ently kicked the can down the road. My amendment ensures the replace-ment of the Huey aircraft is done now. The mission of protecting our forces is too important to delay yet again, and the Air Force and DOD, by their own tests, have proven its vulnerability. This amendment ensures a full and open competition, but does not allow the Air Force to further delay replace-ment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Texas is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:01 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00267 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.107 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2698 May 17, 2016 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chairman, we had a technical issue earlier, and we had reached out to my friend’s office. I congratulate your staff. They under-stood the mechanical issue. It was a procurement timing. It has been taken care of with the amendment to the amendment, and so I want to make sure anyone that is listening, that the concerns that were being brought up from my office have been dealt with. We now are fully in support of the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OG-
ERS). Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment, and I am as frus-trated as anybody that we are having to be here today. Secretary Carter has often said, and I agree with him completely, that the nuclear deterrent priority is our num-ber one national security mission. But, unfortunately, that rhetoric has not matched up with the decision on this issue coming from the Secretary’s of-fice. The UH–1N fleet that is used by the Air Force Security Forces for the ICBM field security consist of Viet-nam-era helos. The UH–1N program is a case study in a failed DOD acquisition process: The first move to replace the helos was in 2004. The Joint Staff validated a military requirement in 2010; The Air Force canceled the replace-ment program in 2011; And the SecDef recently overruled the SecAF in conducting a sole source replacement program, proposing in-stead a competition in 2018. Admiral Haney, Commander, USSTRATCOM, stated in February, 2016: ‘‘Maintaining the security of our nuclear weapons requires a modern hel-icopter with sufficient capabilities to counter both today’s and future threats. The UH–1N does not fully meet the current ICBM complex security re-quirements as outlined by DOD and USSTRATCOM.’’ We have been warned, colleagues. Let me be clear. This is the security of nu-clear weapons here at home. There is no higher priority. If we are going down the path of competition, that is fine; but we have no more time to waste. I want to urge the gentleman’s amendment be adopted. Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I would like to say thank you to everyone for working on this bill and doing slight amendments to ensure that we have a fair and open competition but yet not delay the problem. I think we can all understand that we need to replace the Hueys. The Hueys are inaccurate. They have been inac-curate for a long time. The acquisition process yet again, as we have identi-fied, is broke. So I thank my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to place this in impor-tance. Our nuclear weapon and our ar-senal needs to be protected. We face an asymmetrical enemy, and ensuring that they are safe at all times is part of what this Congress should be doing. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. ZINKE). The amendment, as modified, was agreed to. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Z
INKE) having assumed the chair, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 39 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2351 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLE) at 11 o’clock and 51 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 4909, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr BYRNE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–571) on the resolution (H. Res. 735) providing for further consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construc-tion, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4974, MILITARY CONSTRUC-TION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5243, ZIKA RESPONSE APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2016; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Mr. BYRNE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–572) on the resolution (H. Res. 736) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4974) making appropria-tions for military construction, the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5243) making appropria-tions for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, to strengthen public health activities in response to the Zika virus, and for other purposes; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida (at the re-quest of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of attending a family event in his district. Mr. L
ATTA (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for Monday, May 16 on ac-count of the passing of his father. Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for Monday, May 16, 2016. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2040 An act. to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1523. An act to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to reauthorize the Na-tional Estuary Program, and for other pur-poses. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 11 o’clock and 53 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, May 18, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00268 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K17MY7.111 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2699 May 17, 2016 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. 
f 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5355. A letter from the Regulatory Review Group, Commodity Credit Corporation, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Farm Storage Fa-cility Loan (FSFL) Program; Portable Stor-age Facilities and Reduced Down Payment for FSFL Microloans (RIN: 0560-AI35) re-ceived May 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5356. A letter from the General Counsel, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Investment and Deposit Activities — Bank Notes (RIN: 3133-AE55) received May 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 5357. A letter from the General Counsel, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Pass-Through Share Insurance for Interest on Lawyers Trust Accounts (RIN: 3133-AE49) received May 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5358. A letter from the Associate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Lifeline and Link Up Reform and Modernization [WC Docket No.: 11-42], Telecommunications Car-riers Eligible for Universal Service Support [WC Docket No.: 09-197], and Connect Amer-ica Fund [WC Docket No.: 10-90] received May 16, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5359. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Removal of Short Supply License Require-ments on Exports of Crude Oil [Docket No.: 160302175-6175-01] (RIN: 0694-AG83) received May 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 5360. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; 2016 Rec-reational Fishing Seasons for Red Snapper in the Gulf of Mexico [Docket No.: 140818679- 5356-02] (RIN: 0648-XE575) received May 13, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3484. A bill to author-ize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into certain leases at the Department of Vet-erans Affairs West Los Angeles Campus in Los Angeles, California, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (Rept. 114–570). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 735. Resolution providing for fur-ther consideration of the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense and military construction, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 571). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 736. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4974) making ap-propriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other to purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5243) making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, to strength-en public health activities in response to the Zika virus, and for other purposes; and for other purposes; (Rept. 114–572). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. C
HABOT , and Mr. N ADLER ): H.R. 5258. A bill to require State and local law enforcement agencies to report arrests for offenses that involve driving under the influence to the National Crime Information Center as a condition of receiving the full amount that the State would otherwise re-ceive under the Edward Byrne Memorial Jus-tice Assistance Grant Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. ZINKE (for himself, Mrs. L
UM-
MIS, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio): H.R. 5259. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to reestablish the Royalty Pol-icy Committee in order to further a more consultative process with key Federal, State, tribal, environmental, and energy stakeholders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself and Mr. C
ONYERS ): H.R. 5260. A bill to amend title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 to restore the right to individual civil actions in cases involving disparate impact, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Mr. V
AN H
OLLEN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. M
CDERMOTT , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Mr. P
ASCRELL , and Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois): H.R. 5261. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to prevent the avoidance of the rules related to investment of earnings in United States property through corporate expatriation or the use of corporate struc-tures in which the common parent is a for-eign corporation; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HUDSON (for himself and Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER ): H.R. 5262. A bill to eliminate the sunset date for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to expand eligibility for such program, and to extend certain operating hours for pharmacies and medical facilities of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. NOLAN (for himself, Mr. L
OBI-
ONDO , Mrs. C APPS , and Mr. D EFAZIO): H.R. 5263. A bill to require a study on women and lung cancer, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5264. A bill to expand the uses of cer-tain revolving funds of the Library of Con-gress and to clarify the authority of the Li-brary of Congress to accept gifts and be-quests; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for herself, Mr. GRAYSON , Ms. L EE, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. M
CDERMOTT ): H.R. 5265. A bill to amend the Department of Education Organization Act and the High-er Education Act of 1965 to require publica-tion of information relating to religious ex-emptions to the requirements of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 5266. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to ensure that information re-garding the deduction of amounts of dis-ability compensation by reason of voluntary separation pay is provided to members of the Armed Forces separating from the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for her-self and Mr. K
EATING ): H.R. 5267. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to expand the permissive exclusion from Federal health programs to include certain individuals with prior inter-est in sanctioned entities and entities affili-ated with sanctioned entities and to provide a criminal penalty for the illegal distribu-tion of Medicare, Medicaid, or CHIP bene-ficiary identification or provider numbers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: H.R. 5268. A bill to provide for improve-ments to the Welcome to Medicare package, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 5269. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to criminalize knowingly de-stroying, without the written consent of each progenitor, a living human embryo cre-ated through the process of in vitro fertiliza-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 5270. A bill to abolish the Marine Mammal Commission and transfer its func-tions to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. TURNER (for himself and Mr. A
LLEN ): H.R. 5271. A bill to reauthorize chapter 40 of title 28, United States Code; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FARR: H.J. Res. 94. A joint resolution conferring honorary citizenship of the United States on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Aug 02, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00269 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\MAY2016\H17MY6.REC H17MY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2700 May 17, 2016 
Staff Sergeant Laszlo Holovits, Jr; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. NORTON: H. Con. Res. 131. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself, Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. M CCARTHY , Ms. P
ELOSI , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. H OYER , Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. C LY-
BURN , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. A
GUILAR , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B ERA, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C AL-
VERT , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. C OOK, Mr. C
OSTA , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY, Mr. F
ARR, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. L EE, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N of New Mexico, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. N UNES , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T
AKAI, Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. M IMI W
ALTERS of California, and Ms. M AX-
INEWATERS of California): H. Res. 734. A resolution recognizing and honoring the historical significance of the 40th anniversary of the Judgment of Paris, and the impact of the California victory at the 1976 Paris Tasting on the world of wine and the United States wine industry as a whole; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
221. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Ten-nessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 291, urging Congress to reform federal re-quirements relative to high school gradua-tion rates during the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act; which was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 222. Also, a memorial of the General As-sembly of the State of Tennessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 528, affirming Tennessee’s sovereignity under the Tenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States over all powers not otherwise enumerated and granted to the federal gov-ernment by the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 5258. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. ZINKE: H.R. 5259. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 5260. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. LEVIN: H.R. 5261. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 5262. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into executive the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 5263. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 5264. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 5265. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 5266. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida: H.R. 5267. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: H.R. 5268. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 5269. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion, wherin Congress is provided the power ‘‘[t]o regulate Commerce with foreign na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 5270. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. TURNER: H.R. 5271. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The 14th Amendment, Section 5; Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the Constitu-tion of the United States. By Mr. FARR: H.J. Res. 94. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Clause 4; to establish a uniform rule of naturalization. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 123: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 210: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 303: Ms. B
ROWN of Florida. H.R. 539: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Ms. C ASTOR of Flor- ida, Mr. W
ALZ, and Mr. M URPHY of Pennsyl- vania. H.R. 540: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 604: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 711: Mr. H
UFFMAN and Mr. J OLLY . H.R. 769: Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 793: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 816: Mr. B
ARTON . H.R. 864: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 1221: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1545: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 1726: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2016: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 2189: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2237: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 2254: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 2274: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 2290: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 2315: Mr. W
ITTMAN and Mr. N UNES . H.R. 2368: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 2403: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 2450: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. G
ALLEGO , and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 2513: Mr. W
ENSTRUP and Mr. G RAVES  of Georgia. H.R. 2657: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2739: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania and Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 2799: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 2903: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 2976: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 2980: Mr. I
SRAEL . H.R. 3060: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 3119: Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. P
OLIS, and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 3163: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 3180: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 3222: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 3235: Mr. N
EALand Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 3323: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3365: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 3516: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE . H.R. 3706: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 3720: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 3799: Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 3815: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 3870: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 3956: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 3989: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4019: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 4062: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4177: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 4219: Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. G RAVES of Lou- isiana, and Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 4230: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4247: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 4365: Mr. B
EYER , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 4499: Mr. T
OMPRICE of Georgia. H.R. 4500: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 4514: Mr. M
CCAUL, Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. M
ENG, Mr. V ELA, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. W EBER  of Texas, Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. P
AULSEN , and Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00270 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L17MY7.100 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2701 May 17, 2016 
H.R. 4532: Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 4616: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 4622: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 4653: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 4662: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mrs. B
EATTY , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . H.R. 4665: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Mr. T AKAI. H.R. 4681: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4694: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 4715: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 4730: Mr. A
LLEN and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 4768: Mr. F
INCHER , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. G
OHMERT , and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 4773: Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. C OLE, Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota, and Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 4790: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 4819: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 4848: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 4894: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 4913: Mrs. L
UMMIS . H.R. 4938: Mr. R
EED, Mr. B ARR, and Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4946: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 4955: Mr. H
INOJOSA . H.R. 4979: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 4991: Mrs. C
APPS . H.R. 5007: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 5025: Mr. M
CCAULand Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 5044: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. L OFGREN , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mrs. C APPS , Ms. Plaskett, Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 5047: Mr. W
ITTMAN and Mr. K INGof Iowa. H.R. 5053: Mr. R
IBBLE , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mrs. W AG-
NER, and Mrs. B LACK . H.R. 5073: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 5094: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 5119: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. N
UNES . H.R. 5130: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 5166: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 5170: Ms. KUSTER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , and Mr. T IBERI . H.R. 5171: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5177: Mr. M
OULTON and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5183: Mr. R
IBBLE , Mr. T ONKO and Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 5188: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 5199: Mr. M
ULVANEY . H.R. 5210: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. R
OUZER , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 5226: Mr. T
URNER and Mr. G OSAR . H.J. Res. 87: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. R OKITA , and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. T
IPTON . H. Con. Res. 40: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. C
RAMER . H. Con. Res. 128: Mr. M
OONEY of West Vir-ginia and Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H. Con. Res. 129: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mrs. B
EATTY . H. Res. 14: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
RAT, and Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. H. Res. 263: Ms. M
ENGand Mr. K EATING . H. Res. 282: Mr. C
LEAVER . H. Res. 402: Mr. M
CCAUL. H. Res. 494: Mr. R
OKITA . H. Res. 650: Mr. B
ERAand Mr. C OOK. H. Res. 683: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H. Res. 717: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. G
UINTA , Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. P ITTS. H. Res. 722: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Res. 729: Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M
ENG, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. B ARR, Mr. C ICILLINE , Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. S HERMAN , Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. P AULSEN , and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
63. The SPEAKER presented a petition of National Council, Jr. Order United American Mechanics, relative to Resolution No. 6, im-ploring the members of the United States Congress to take action, immediately, to close our borders; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f AMENDMENTS Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 4974 O
FFERED BY: MR. BOST A
MENDMENT NO. 1: At the end of the bill (before the short title), add the following new section: S
EC. 417. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realign-ment and Closure (BRAC) round. H.R. 4974 O
FFERED BY: MR. RATCLIFFE  A
MENDMENT NO. 2: At the end of the bill (before the short title), add the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realign-ment and Closure (BRAC) round. H.R. 4974 O
FFERED BY: MR. BLUMENAUER  A
MENDMENT NO. 3: At the end of the bill (before the short title), add the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce Veterans Health Admin-istration directive 2011-004 (or directive of the same substance) with respect to the pro-hibition on ‘‘VA providers from completing forms seeking recommendations or opinions regarding a Veteran’s participation in a State marijuana program’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00271 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY7.058 H17MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2833 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 2016 No. 78 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, who hears our prayers and listens to our cries for help, thank You for Your mercies that come to us new each day. You save us with Your strength, continually showing us Your unfailing love. Help our lawmakers today to discern Your voice and do Your will. Lord, give them the ability to differentiate Your guidance from all others, permitting You to lead them to Your desired des-tination. Speak to them through Your Word, guide them with Your Spirit, and sustain them with Your might. O God, You are our rock, our fortress, and our Savior. All Your promises prove true. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
THE APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, last week, the Republican-led Senate passed, by an overwhelming majority, the first appropriations bill of the year—the energy security and water infrastructure funding bill. The Repub-lican-led Senate did so in record early time. We began considering an annual appropriations bill this year at the ear-liest point in 40 years—40 years—and then we passed an annual appropria-tions bill this year at the earliest point in 40 years. Passage of this bill also marks the first time the Senate has passed an individual energy and water funding measure since 2009. This shows what is possible with a little cooperation and regular order. By returning to regular order, we are bet-ter able to make better decisions about how taxpayer dollars are spent through the appropriations bills. Here is what we mean when we talk about returning to regular order. We mean working in committee and allow-ing Senators from both sides to have their voices heard. We mean bringing bills to the floor and empowering more Members to offer suggestions they think might make a good bill even bet-ter. We mean working through hours of debate and deliberation, processing amendments from both sides, and then arriving at a final bill that actually passes. That is just what we did here, and it resulted in the record early passage of an energy and water appropriations bill that will help support economic devel-opment, waterways infrastructure, and energy programs—initiatives that are important in my home State of Ken-tucky and in States across our coun-try. So I want to thank Senator ALEX-
ANDER for working diligently with Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN to move this bill for-ward. They collaborated with both Democratic and Republican colleagues to ensure a fair process and an outcome that a majority of Senators could sup-port. I also want to thank Chairman C
OCH-
RANand Ranking Member M IKULSKI for working within the Committee on Ap-propriations to move appropriations measures so early this year. We have already begun considering two more of them this week. The first measure is the transportation and housing infra-structure bill. It will make smart in-vestments in important infrastructure priorities. It will strengthen our sur-face transportation network and help make air travel safer, more efficient, and more reliable. I thank Senator COLLINS for her dedi-cated leadership on this important leg-islation. The second measure is the Veterans and Military Construction funding bill. It will increase accountability at the VA and help ensure veterans receive the health care and benefits they rely on. It will advance vital national secu-rity projects, such as missile defense, and help ensure military families are supported with housing, schools, and health facilities to serve them. This is the result of great work by a true champion of veterans—Senator K
IRK. Senator K IRKand Senator C OL-
LINS both worked hard to move these bills out of the Committee on Appro-priations with unanimous bipartisan support. Now they are working hard to pass them together out here on the floor. They have already lined up sev-eral amendments that we will consider later today. I would like to say a few words about one of these issues in particular. Both Republicans and Democrats agree that preventing the spread of Zika is a bi-partisan priority. That is why Members from both parties have been looking at different approaches to properly ad-dress the situation. They worked through the best avenue to address the funding that may be needed to do so— the appropriations process—and came up with several different approaches for us to consider later today. One amendment is from Senators B
LUNT and M URRAY . It is a targeted ap-proach that focuses on immediate needs while also providing resources for longer term goals, such as a vac-cine. It includes accountability meas-ures and represents a notable departure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.000 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2834 May 17, 2016 
from our Democratic colleagues’ initial position. It is good to see our Demo-cratic friends compromise. Another amendment is from Senators C
ORNYN and J OHNSON . Their enhanced approach builds upon the appropri-ators’ work by responsibly offsetting Zika funding with funds that have been set aside for public health and preven-tion purposes. It would also remove redtape and help promote mosquito control, which is the best way to keep Americans safe from this virus in the near term while a vaccine is under de-velopment. The House is also advanc-ing its own paid-for Zika measure this very week. So we will take several votes today. We will continue moving forward with the appropriations process, and we will address Zika funding in that context because keeping Americans safe and healthy is a top priority for all of us. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL DAY AGAINST HOMOPHOBIA AND TRANSPHOBIA Mr. REID. Mr. President, today is International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia. This day of recogni-tion is especially significant for Amer-ica since the civil rights of transgender Americans are at the forefront of an important national debate. At its core, the debate comes down to a simple question: With whom do we stand? Do we stand with the bullies or do we stand against the bullies? Do we stand up for the bullies or against the bul-lies? Do we defend the persecutors or do we come to the defense of the per-secuted? These are the questions posed to us, and they should be. These are the ques-tions posed to us by what is happening in North Carolina and the law there that undermines the civil rights of transgender Americans. During a 1-day special session in March, the North Carolina legislature rammed through a controversial law that strikes down local antidiscrimina-tion ordinances. The actions taken by North Carolina’s legislature and Gov-ernor are nothing short of State-spon-sored discrimination against transgender individuals. The law is clearly and completely illegal. It is in direct opposition to Federal civil rights statutes prohibiting discrimina-tion on the basis of sex. The Federal courts have made it clear that sex discrimination under the Civil Rights Act covers transgender in-dividuals. This goes back to 1989, when the Supreme Court ruled in Price Waterhouse v. Hopkins that sex dis-crimination includes sex stereotyping under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Relying on the Supreme Court’s ruling in that case, appellate courts have concluded that discrimination against transgender people is prohib-ited when it is based on gender noncon-formity. That is why last week the Depart-ment of Justice sued North Carolina, finding that its law constitutes a pat-tern or practice of discrimination under the Civil Rights Act, the Edu-cation Amendments Act of 1972, and the Violence Against Women Act, which we passed just last year. This kind of shocking discriminatory lawmaking has no place in the 21st cen-tury. It certainly has no place in Amer-ica. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said last week: This is not the first time we have seen dis-criminatory responses to historic moments of progress for our nation. We saw it in the Jim Crow laws that followed the Emanci-pation Proclamation. We saw it in fierce and widespread resistance to Brown v. Board of Education. And we saw it in the proliferation of state bans on same-sex unions intended to stifle any hope that gay and lesbian Ameri-cans might one day be afforded the right to marry. 
This issue has been far-reaching. It has far-reaching consequences. This is about access to employment, edu-cation, and just about everything else in public life. This is about whether we are going to allow our fellow citizens to be bullied, intimidated, and har-assed. The North Carolina law is not only wrong, but it runs counter to the progress we are seeing in States and cities across all of America. Right now, 18 States and approximately 200 cities have laws on the books to protect transgender individuals in being able to use the restroom that matches their gender identity. Take, for example, what happened in Reno, NV, just last year. Reno, NV, is in Washoe County. It is the second largest school district in Nevada. In February 2015, in response to concerns from parents and students, the Washoe County School District issued policies to help foster a healthy and inclusive environment for transgender students. The Washoe County School District developed thoughtful and common-sense policies that allow all students in Washoe County to have access to all school programs and activities. It was the first district in Nevada to do so. In the year since those regulations were adopted, schools across the district have reported few, if any, concerns about the new policies. North Carolina leaders need to learn from Washoe County. They need to learn a thing or two about tolerance, as exhibited by the students and, yes, the adults across Washoe County. North Carolina is already paying a severe price for its discriminatory law, and more is yet to come. Hundreds of America’s biggest and most prestigious corporations and organizations have al-ready come out in firm opposition to the law—companies such as Google, Bank of America, Starbucks, and Pfizer. You have major businesses that don’t want to do business there. You have entertainers who won’t perform there, such as Bruce Springsteen. But it is not just that. It is hundreds—hun-dreds—of other firms that are coming out in opposition to the law because what they are doing is illegal. But Republican leaders are standing by their bigotry at a tremendous cost to the State, and that is disappointing. I stand with the administration in op-posing the North Carolina law. I stand with all Americans against this shame-ful bullying. Most of all, I stand with the transgender people of North Caro-lina and our country who are the tar-gets of this State-sponsored discrimi-nation. My heart goes out to them. This is not how a great nation should operate. We are better than this. So I look forward to the day, and it is com-ing soon, when this hateful law is struck down. f 
ZUBIK V. BURWELL Mr. REID. Mr. President, yesterday, the Supreme Court chose not to rule on the merits of Zubik v. Burwell, a case brought by religiously affiliated non-profit employers challenging the ac-commodation to the Affordable Care Act’s contraceptive coverage provision. Instead, the Court remanded the case to lower courts for further proceeding. The good news is that the order doesn’t stop women who rely on the Af-fordable Care Act for contraceptive coverage from getting the services they need while the legal process plays out. But this remand highlights that the Supreme Court cannot properly do its job until we do ours here in the Senate. We must give Judge Merrick Garland a hearing and a vote so the Supreme Court can become fully functioning again. There have been numerous cases that have been determined differently be-cause of a 4-to-4 split. A number of them are just tied 4-to-4. 
A number of them have been remanded back to lower courts without action. 
The Supreme Court to do its job needs nine—nine—Justices. So I hope the time is coming quickly when Amer-ican women will know once and for all that their bosses can’t interfere with their health care decisions, and I am confident the courts will ultimately do the right thing and uphold the Afford-able Care Act’s accommodation to the contraceptive coverage provision. Until that time, though, Senate Democrats will continue to watch this matter very closely and do everything in our power to defend access for women to birth control measures that they feel appropriate. Mr. President, I think it is such a blight on the Senate that we are not doing anything to fill that ninth spot. It needs to be done, and it needs to be done quickly. Justice is being delayed. Justice is not being served. I see my friend from Montana is on the floor. I ask the Chair, prior to his being recognized, to tell the Senate what we are going to do today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.001 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2835 May 17, 2016 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 2577, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2577) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Collins amendment No. 3896, in the nature of a substitute. McConnell (for Lee) amendment No. 3897 (to amendment No. 3896), to prohibit the use of funds to carry out a rule and notice of the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. McConnell (for Nelson/Rubio) amendment No. 3898 (to amendment No. 3896), making supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2016 to respond to Zika virus. McConnell (for Cornyn) modified amend-ment No. 3899 (to amendment No. 3896), mak-ing emergency supplemental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. McConnell (for Blunt) modified amend-ment No. 3900 (to amendment No. 3896), Zika response and preparedness. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 12:30 p.m. will be equally divided between the managers or their designees. The Senator from Montana. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, as we begin consideration of the fiscal year 2017 Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs appropriations bill, I want to start by thanking the chair-man of the subcommittee and his staff. The process Chairman K
IRKand I put into place was fair, inclusive, and open, and I appreciate that he went out of his way to incorporate input from me, my team, and Senators from this side of the aisle. This bill does right by our brave serv-ice men and women by honoring our Nation’s commitment to veterans, Ac-tive-Duty military, and their families. We owe these folks our gratitude for their selfless sacrifice to freedom and democracy. As a result of last year’s bipartisan budget agreement, we are on the same page this year in terms of top-line funding numbers. This level of funding has allowed us to make critical invest-ments in military construction, vet-erans programs, as well as Arlington National Cemetery and the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. For VA, this bill provides $102 billion in mandatory funding for veterans’ benefits—$102 billion—and includes an additional $103.9 billion in fiscal year 2018 advance funding to ensure that there is not a lapse in getting dis-ability compensation and education benefits to our veterans. For VA’s discretionary accounts, in-cluding the Veterans Health Adminis-tration, the bill appropriates $74.9 bil-lion. That is $3.4 billion more than the Department has this year. Within that amount, we are able to target in-creased funding for several key prior-ities for veterans. That includes health care, disability claims and appeals processing, medical and prosthetic re-search, and family caregiver support. That means the VA will be able to ag-gressively pursue critical veteran-cen-tered research into a host of medical conditions, including PTSD and trau-matic brain injury—the unseen wounds of war that are so difficult to both identify and treat. It also means the VA will have additional resources to meet the growing demand of caregivers who are providing critical, family-cen-tered, long-term care for our veterans, and it will allow VBA to hire 300 new claims processors and 240 additional employees for the Board of Veterans Appeals, all focused on reducing the ap-peals backlog—something Senator SUL-
LIVAN and I are working on over on the authorizing side. These funds will com-plement that work. The bill before us also includes a new medical community care account that consolidates the various sources of funding that connect veterans to care in their own communities. The cre-ation of this new account is extremely important in providing better over-sight over a program that is critical for our veterans, particularly those in rural areas where services through the VA are often unavailable. It is also a key component in ongoing efforts to consolidate and streamline the number of different programs the VA has to get veterans care in their local commu-nities. That is something a number of us are working on in a bipartisan man-ner in the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee. On the MILCON side of the ledger, the bill before us also delivers. We have provided increased funding for a num-ber of unfunded MILCON requirements identified by the services. Given the se-vere constraints on the budget, funding for military construction is squeezed more tightly now than ever. It is not just the cost of trying to maintain a deteriorating building, which in itself is substantial, it is also the impact that effort has on training, readiness, and retention of personnel—the very areas DOD is struggling to reinforce. Shortchanging military construction is not a cost-effective or sustainable defense strategy over the long haul. That is why I am glad this bill provides nearly $500 million over the budget re-quested for unfunded priorities. I am pleased the majority chose not to put forward controversial amend-ments on this bill during committee consideration. The bill that funds vet-erans health care and our military in-stallations should not be a vehicle for politics. Our veterans and our service-members deserve a clean bill, so we need to avoid the ugly stuff on this bill. I have a lot more to say about this bill as it is considered over the next, hopefully, several days. For now, I reit-erate my thanks to the folks on the majority side, as well as Vice Chair-man MIKULSKI , for their efforts in get-ting us where we are today. Lastly, I remind all of our colleagues that we are open for business. So if there are amendments you are think-ing about, get them filed and get them to our staffs so we can move forward. Amendments at the eleventh hour are never good, so get them in early so we can consider them. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
PRESIDENT ’S POLICY ON TRANSGENDER ACCESS  
TO SCHOOL BATHROOMS  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, since Friday, my State and DC offices have been flooded with calls from concerned constituents regarding President Obama’s latest unilateral action di-recting public schools and colleges to allow transgender kids into the bath-rooms and locker rooms of their choice. In Oklahoma, we understand what this is all about. This is all about a liberal agenda being crammed down the neck of Oklahoma and the rest of the country. On Sunday, I went to a church serv-ice near the Grand Lake area in North-eastern Oklahoma, where the nearest community has about 250 people. The pastor, whose name is Mark, said, ‘‘If ever there were a Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego moment in America, it is now.’’ They understand that there is a real battle going on in Washington for our values. These values should be decided at the local level by the parents and teachers who truly understand what needs to take place to protect all kids. He went on to say that ‘‘we have to embolden our school board members [and other politicians] with our sup-port.’’ I agree. This is why I put forth a bill last year, which passed last year, to empower local school authorities to make these kinds of decisions. What the President is doing is unilaterally redefining title IX of the education law that prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex. With the new guidance he has issued, Obama is aiming to prohibit anything that could be construed as discrimination against ‘‘gender iden-tity, including discrimination based on a student’s transgender status.’’ Ultimately, the President is demand-ing, under threat of losing significant public assistance—in my State of Okla-homa, this amounts to about $450 mil-lion—if States and school districts don’t comply. In other words, it is blackmail: You comply or you lose something you are entitled to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.003 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2836 May 17, 2016 
By rewriting the law, President Obama has decided, without any input from Congress, that local schools must accommodate a very small segment of the population in a very specific way by allowing them to use the bathroom of their choice. By blackmailing our schools with funding that goes to low- income and special needs kids—money which schools are already entitled to receive—the Obama administration is writing its own laws to punish those who disagree. As the pastor said this weekend, ‘‘We should not sell out the innocence and the safety of our children’’ as a condi-tion for receiving Federal money that helps those who need it the most. In fact, he went on to say: We just will not accept it. We don’t need to accept it. It is not worth the price we would pay. This misguided policy is directed at the comfort of a microminority at the expense of the comfort, privacy, and safety of the majority of students who do not want to expose themselves or be exposed to another student of a dif-ferent sex. As Oklahoma’s attorney general, Scott Pruitt, has noted, the adminis-tration’s letter ‘‘definitely changes the law in that it takes the unprecedented step of redefining ‘sex’ to mean ’gender identity.’’’ Furthermore, he states that the President’s actions ‘‘are un-lawful’’ and that they represent the ‘‘most egregious administrative over-reach to date’’ and that Oklahoma ‘‘will vigorously defend the State’s in-terests.’’ I fully support Oklahoma and other States that are vowing to fight this un-democratic edict from a politician who is no longer accountable to the voters. Oklahoma’s parents, schools, and State and local boards are best equipped to deal with the issues they face in the classroom and on school grounds and should not be dictated to from Wash-ington. Our Nation’s schools should not be ground zero for social experiments from the liberal agenda, and this is ex-actly what is happening now, but it doesn’t take an Attorney General or a U.S. Senator to come to these conclu-sions. I thank God that basic morality is ringing out from the pews, not just in Northeastern Oklahoma but throughout America. You are doing the Lord’s work, Mark. Keep it up. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the time spent in a quorum call before 12:30 p.m. today be equally divided. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, as a mother and a grandmother, I know that one of the most frightening ques-tions an expecting parent has to ask their doctor is, ‘‘Is my baby safe?’’ Too many parents are asking that question right now because of the Zika virus. There are now more than 1,200 reported cases of Zika in the United States and the three territories—more than 100 of these are pregnant women— and on Friday, Puerto Rico announced its first case of Zika-related microcephaly. Unfortunately, those numbers are only expected to grow in the coming months. So this is an emergency, and public health experts have repeatedly made it clear that as we get closer to the summer and to mosquito season, we cannot afford to delay. We need to better control mosquitoes that carry the Zika virus. We need to raise aware-ness to make sure families are in-formed about this disease, and we need to expand access to family planning services and accelerate the develop-ment of a vaccine. The President laid out a strong emergency funding pro-posal to accomplish each of those goals in February. I support that plan. I was very dis-appointed that instead of acting on it as quickly as possible, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle simply re-fused to even consider it. Instead, they found reason after reason to delay. First, they said the administration should take funds from the ongoing Ebola response to combat Zika. Then, they said they needed more informa-tion about the President’s proposal, even though Zika has been discussed in 55 congressional hearings, even after briefings by senior administration offi-cials, and even though the administra-tion’s 25-page proposal had been avail-able for months for anyone to see. House Republicans have released a proposal that would provide a very meager $622 million, less than one- third of what is needed for this emer-gency, without any funding for preven-tive health care or outreach to those who are at risk of Zika, and they are still insisting in the House for the funding for the offset. In the face of all of that partisanship and inaction and with public experts making it clearer every day how much we need to act before mosquito season is in full effect, I was encouraged that Chairman B
LUNT and others on the Ap-propriations Committee were willing to work with Democrats on a first step to respond to this emergency. The agreement we have reached would put a down payment on the President’s proposal into the hands of our first re-sponders and researchers right away. It would provide much needed relief for Puerto Rico, backfill nearly $100 mil-lion in essential public health funding that the administration had been forced to reprogram, invest in preven-tion and support services for pregnant women and families at home and abroad, and put research dollars into developing a vaccine. I believe the Republicans should do what we have urged them to do for months and join Democrats in sup-porting the President’s full emergency funding request. But if they continue to refuse, then at the very least, they should be willing to support a bipar-tisan first step toward protecting fami-lies from this virus, and Democrats will continue pushing for every nec-essary resource going forward. Families across the country are look-ing to Congress for action on Zika. They do not have time for lengthy de-bates about offsets, and they don’t have more time to wait. So I hope we can move very quickly to get this emergency funding package through the Senate and the House and onto the President’s desk. If we act now, we can help protect our families across the country from the truly tragic con-sequences of this disease, and there is no reason to delay. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, for months Democrats have asked the Re-publicans who control the Senate to let us act, while the Zika virus has spread across South America, Central Amer-ica, and several U.S. territories. For months, we have asked the Republicans who control the Senate to let us act, while more and more American trav-elers are back in the United States after contracting the Zika virus. For months, we have asked the Republicans who control the Senate to let us act, while health experts at the World Health Organization, the National In-stitutes of Health, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have begged Congress for the resources to fight this disease. For months, we have asked Republicans who control the Senate to let us act, while more people infected by Zika have developed a de-bilitating and sometimes fatal condi-tion that damages the nervous system. For months we have asked the Repub-licans who control the Senate to let us act, while more mothers infected by Zika have given birth to babies with severe brain defects. And for months, we have asked the Republicans who control the Senate to let us act, while the President has been forced to divert emergency funds from other critical areas, including the emergency Ebola response. Today, months after President Obama first requested nearly $2 billion to fight the Zika virus in the United States, the Republicans who control the Senate will finally let us vote on options for funding the Zika response. Today the Senate will consider three proposals. The first proposal would completely fund the President’s re-sponse plan. It offers our best hope to fully protect Americans, and I will vote for that proposal. I plead with every Senator to do the same because that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.005 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2837 May 17, 2016 
what our Nation’s experts have said it will cost to limit the sickness, death, and deformity caused by the Zika virus. I know that some Republicans under-stand this point. Senator R
UBIO, whose State of Florida is at great risk for local transmission of Zika, recently said this: 
I believe in limited government, but I do believe one of the obligations of a limited Federal Government is to protect our people from dangers, whether they be foreign en-emies or the risk of disease outbreak. . . . I don’t think we want to be halfway through the summer and wake up to the news that hundreds and hundreds of Americans in mul-tiple States have been infected and we did nothing. 
Senator R UBIO supports fully funding the President’s response plan. I hope it passes the Senate. If it doesn’t, it will be because the majority of Senate Re-publicans vote against it. If that hap-pens, we will be forced to consider an-other proposal. The second proposal would give the President half of what is needed to fight the outbreak. I will support this proposal if that is the last resort, as will many Democrats, because this is a health emergency. If your ship is sink-ing and you need 12 lifeboats but you can only get 6, you take the 6. We will take whatever the Republicans who control the Senate are willing to give to protect the American people. Cutting the Zika funding request in half might give Republicans a chance to tell people how tough they are on spending, and that may be how Repub-lican politics works, but it is not how science works. It is not possible to delay a response to a health emergency for month after month without con-sequences. It is not possible to nickel- and-dime a response to a health emer-gency without consequences. Sure, the Republicans’ half measure is better than nothing. But an estimated 4 mil-lion people are facing the prospect of Zika infection by the end of this year, and a half response is not good enough. The final Republican proposal is even dumber. It would not only give the President about half of what is needed but it would cover the cost by gutting the Prevention and Public Health Fund, which provides significant sup-port to local public health departments all across the country. You heard that right. Some Senate Republicans think the best way to fund America’s emer-gency response to the Zika virus is to rob from America’s frontline respond-ers who help identify and track infec-tious diseases such as the Zika virus. On the other side of Congress, House Republicans are kicking around an even more bizarre idea—funding only about one-third of the President’s plan to fight Zika and doing it by cutting hundreds of millions of dollars out of our Ebola response. With the Ebola epi-demic just passed and still no FDA-ap-proved vaccine or treatment for Ebola, what could possibly go wrong with that plan? I simply do not understand the Re-publicans. The responsible thing to do—the rational thing to do—is to in-vest the resources needed to stop the Zika threat in its tracks and to invest in more science and public health in-frastructure so that we are ready when the next crisis comes. As congressional Republicans em-brace this irrational anti-spending ide-ology, this country is put in greater and greater danger. Instead of invest-ing in research so we can develop effec-tive treatments, instead of supporting careful planning so we are ready for the next health challenge, and instead of fully funding emergency response in-frastructure so we are prepared to re-spond to new threats, these Repub-licans govern by simply lurching from crisis to crisis. We are in this mess with Zika—a mess that is about to get a lot worse— because of stupid decisions made right here in Congress. Keep in mind that Zika, like Ebola, is a disease we have known about for years. But our ability to do the necessary research to eradi-cate these threats has been undercut by Republicans’ desire to make more and more budget cuts, even when they put the health of Americans in danger. This country’s scientific research ca-pacity has been decimated. Over the last decade, the budget of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Dis-eases has lost about 20 percent of its purchasing power—20 percent. The Pre-vention and Public Health Fund that helps build the infrastructure needed to prevent people from getting sick and to shut down outbreaks like Zika has been on the Republicans’ chopping block year after year. Here is the bottom line. Our doctors, scientists, and health officials need our complete support in fighting this virus. They have told us how much money they need to do that. The less money Congress gives them, the more people will be hurt by the Zika virus—more babies with heartbreaking deformities, more adults with devastating illnesses. The Zika virus does not care what politicians in Washington decide is po-litically expedient. The virus is com-ing, and if Republicans block Congress from protecting the people of this country, then Republicans must accept responsibility for the devastating con-sequences. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, first of all, let me begin by saying how encour-aged I am that we are finally seeing some action here in Congress dealing with the Zika virus. Today, we have not one but three separate proposals to deal with this which are going to come up for a vote. I support fully funding the request made. People say the President’s re-quest. Fine, it came from the White House. But it is really the scientists’ request, the doctors’ request, and the public health sector’s request for how to address this issue. The fundamental point I make is twofold. We can pay for it. We can find $1.9 billion. By the way, we can always come back later and find it, too, al-though I know that is hard to see hap-pening here in Washington. But this is a public health emergency that cannot wait for this extended debate on this issue, especially when you talk about an $18 trillion debt. Zika funding is not the reason why we have an $18 trillion debt. It is not the national driver of our debt. That is why dealing with the long-term security of Medicare and So-cial Security is so critical. But we can pay for $1.9 billion, and we should. But it is public health experts who have said the amount we need is $1.9 billion. I continue to urge my colleagues to take this with the sense of urgency that the public health experts have. The people I have met with, the people I have interacted with, and the people I have been talking to are not political people. I haven’t been talking to people in the White House political office. I have been meeting with people who work at the Centers for Disease Con-trol. I have been meeting with people who work at the Florida Department of Health. I have been talking to depart-ment of health officials in Puerto Rico. I have been talking with doctors who are in the frontline of dealing with microcephaly and what it means long term for the children who have been impacted by it. That is with whom I have been talking. They have outlined the kinds of things we need to be doing. But more importantly, what they outlined is that there is so much we still don’t know about Zika. For example, we don’t know what the long-term con-sequences are of a mother who is in-fected with Zika while pregnant and the child was born without microcephaly. We don’t know what happens in 6 months, 9 months, 1 year, or 5 years down the road. But I do know that many medical experts be-lieve there will be further manifesta-tions of the disease’s impact on the central nervous system in many of these children years after this debate in Congress is finished. I do know that Puerto Rico is being ravaged by this. Puerto Rico is a terri-tory of the United States. These are American citizens who have been in-fected with Zika. They don’t have a Senator from Puerto Rico, although I am more than honored and grateful for the opportunity to speak on their be-half on these issues. But what people have to understand is—this is not the right way to approach it, but even if your approach is that it is Puerto Rico and it is not the mainland of the United States, then I invite you to go to the airport in Orlando or Miami, and you can see the daily flights and the constant flow of people back and forth. We also look at the fact that the summer months are coming. This is a mosquito-borne infection. We know that mosquito season is here, and it is coming fast. We know that the Zika virus becomes more potent as tempera-tures get warmer. Guess what. It is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.006 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2838 May 17, 2016 
about to get really warm not just in Florida but throughout the Gulf Coast States and throughout the country. We know that places such as Brazil have been deeply impacted by the Zika virus. Guess what. Tens of thousands of people are about to travel through the United States to and from Brazil for the summer Olympics. We know that Major League Baseball canceled a game in Puerto Rico be-cause they believed it was a serious enough risk that they didn’t want to put the players at risk, not to mention the crowd. We see something percolating, and we don’t know much about it. We know enough about it to know it is a serious problem. We do not know how far this is going to go. As a result, we see the people of this country facing a public health threat, and our response should be to deal with it the way medical ex-perts say we need to deal with it. We can put language in the proposal that says: If you don’t end up spending the full $1.9 billion and you don’t need all of that money, all of that money automatically goes back to Treasury within it a year or two if it hasn’t been spent. Why take the chance? Why take the chance that at some point this summer we could have a significant and serious outbreak in the United States of Amer-ica when all the Senators are back in their home States doing campaign stuff or whatever they are doing and have to come back here and deal with it and explain to the people why, when doc-tors and medical experts were warning us that this was a significant risk, we decided to lowball it and spend less than what was called for by experts. By no means do I intend for this to sound as if I am criticizing Senators M
URRAY and B LUNT . I thank them for their work. They have tried to come up with a bipartisan proposal that can pass. I said earlier, I am proud of the amendment that my colleague from Florida, Senator N
ELSON , and I are pro-posing here today. I hope that the $1.9 billion amount passes, but if we are left with a vote on the Blunt-Murray amendment, I think that is better than nothing, and I will support it. But why are we taking this chance? It makes absolutely no sense. While I am happy that the Senate will hopefully take action on this issue, I am concerned about what I hear coming from the House. I am glad that they are finally beginning to move on the legislation and that something is happening, but I am very concerned about the direction of their own fund-ing measure. Their funding measure isn’t even $1.1 billion. It is $622 million, and quite frankly, that will not cut it. If we don’t spend more than that on the front end, I believe we will spend a lot more later on because the problem is not going to go away, and it certainly will not go away with $622 million to combat it. This is concerning to me be-cause even if we do manage to pass the $1.9 billion request, I am afraid even that may not be enough for the long term. The issue that seems to be holding them back is the desire to offset spend-ing. As I said, I support that 100 per-cent. I believe we can find $1.9 billion and transfer it from some other part of our budget to ensure that we are not deficit-spending. We can do that and we should do that. I am in favor of doing that, but that will not keep me from trying to do something about it. In times of public health emer-gencies, just like during times of nat-ural disasters, I don’t think we should delay action while we try to figure out these budgetary moves and try to agree on what we are going to cut from other parts of the budget. I still belive we should do it, but we cannot hold back for another few weeks while we are try-ing to get to that point. The administration has already di-verted half a billion dollars that was intended for the fight against Ebola, but the House would raid even more of the Ebola funds for the Zika response. It is easy to say: Ebola is not in the headlines anymore. We are not reading about it that much, so it must not be a problem. Ebola still exists. It is not polio. We haven’t eradicated it from the United States or the world. It is just not a per-colating crisis right now, but there is nothing to say that it couldn’t pop up again. By the way, these sorts of pandemics will become more and more common as people are able to extensively travel all over the world. We are at the cross-roads of a lot of that travel. I don’t think I am prepared to walk away. Maybe they don’t need the full half a billion dollars, but I think it would be shortsighted to say that Ebola is finished, so we don’t have to worry it anymore. There has to be some money available in case that comes up again, because it could. I believe the House can and should do better than what it has proposed and should provide offsets to the spending— provide the $1.9 billion offsets. I guar-antee they will be able to find that fairly quickly. They could provide stringent accountability measures. They could stipulate in the law that they pass, for example, that if we are wrong and don’t end up spending or needing anything close to $1.9 billion or even $1.1 billion, that the taxpayers’ money will be returned to the Treas-ury. But let’s not play with fire. As of now, there are 112 people in the State of Florida who have been in-fected. We have many more American citizens who have been infected in Puerto Rico. There are many unborn children who are at risk, and many more will be impacted once mosquito season sets in. At the end of the day, these are the people we should be fight-ing for, and quite frankly, we can do much better than what the House is proposing. This is a devastating disease. It has taken lives throughout our hemi-sphere, and the way it impacts unborn children alone should call us to action. We have seen the images from Brazil of the children born with microcephaly. This is a devastating condition. The cost of caring for those children throughout their lives is extensive, and we are going to do it. We need to do it, and we will do it, but let’s try to pre-vent it. Let’s try to get ahead of it. Let’s try not to just be reactive but proactive. There are reports in the press today that scientists have been able to take a significant step toward potentially cre-ating a vaccine. Once there is a vaccine for Zika, this problem will be under control. As I said earlier, let’s not play with fire. I hope my colleagues will jump on board and fully fund the $1.9 billion. If they want, we can put language in the legislation that says that if the money isn’t fully spent, it will be refunded to the Treasury. Why take the chance? Why take a chance on an issue that is not yet well defined? Why take the chance on a dis-ease that we still don’t know every-thing about? Why take the chance that we could have an outbreak much worse than anything any of us anticipated and be caught off guard? Why take the chance that you will have to go home in August and September and explain to millions of people across this coun-try why so many Americans are now being infected by this disease and you lowballed our approach to it a few months ago? Why take the chance? Let’s do it once. Let’s get it right. Let’s ensure that we are protecting our people and deal with it now and deal with it fully. This is our obligation, and I hope we will embrace it here today. There is no reason we should not fully fund this proposal and listen to the doctors and health care experts who are asking us for this and build from there. I hope that is what my col-leagues will do in a few hours when we vote on these proposals that stand be-fore us. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak with regard to pro-viding funding for the emerging Zika crisis that the Senate will be consid-ering on the floor today. We in this body and the entire Con-gress over the past several years have provided a lot of additional health-re-lated supplemental funding. In fact, over the past 13 years, roughly $19 bil-lion has been directed toward health- related emergency supplemental fund-ing. This, of course, does not include the hundreds of billions of dollars in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.007 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2839 May 17, 2016 
other supplemental spending that has circumvented the budgetary oversight process. With a national debt of $19 trillion, we have to make sure we budget for these types of emergencies. When we have appropriated on a supplemental basis $19 billion over the past 13 years—supplemental health funding— then we know we need to budget for this type of crisis and not simply go the supplemental route and go out from under our budgetary caps. I will support cloture today on the measure that includes an offset. We have to be more fiscally responsible as we deal with these crises. This is a cri-sis we need to deal with, but we ought to at least attempt to offset that fund-ing. I believe taxpayers deserve noth-ing less than that. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, it has been 3 months since the administration sent Congress the emergency funding request for Zika, and Congress hasn’t acted on it. But today we have an op-portunity to do so, and I hope we do. We will have pending before the Con-gress three different options on how to fund this public health emergency, but we must realize it is an emergency, and we need to have a sense of urgency to protect the American people and to help those south of the border to be able to cope with it. What are we wait-ing for? The mosquitoes are here. The mosquitoes have not only come, they have already come. I have said in the past that we can’t build a wall to keep them out—the mosquitoes will not pay for it—but it is no laughing matter. The President has said we need $1.9 billion to fight Zika to stop it from doing any more harm. That is what I am fighting for. We know we need to get the job done. It is not just Senator B
ARBtalking. The World Health Organization has de-clared Zika a public health emergency. The President declared it as such. The Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention, through Dr. Freiden, has said this is a national and international emergency. And Dr. Fauci, head of the Institute of Infectious Diseases and Neurology at NIH, whom we have turned to on so many occasions, has also said it. So every public health en-tity has validated that this is a serious public health crisis. We can prevent its dire consequences. Through action, particularly related to mosquito control and working with pregnant women and women of child-bearing age, we can deal with this. This is not some unknown disease that would suddenly be arriving on our shores for which we would have no knowledge and no tools. These are basic public health tools related to mosquito control and helping women of childbearing age. If we refuse to act, this will be a self- inflicted wound on our own people, and the consequences are dire. For those who care about children—I am sure we have already seen what has happened south of the border with little children being born with microencephalitis. My gosh, it is heartbreaking. It is heart-breaking for the little child with a lim-ited life expectancy and limited life op-portunities, the responsibility that will come to the family—usually to the mother—and to the society that will have to care for that child. Today we are talking about money, but we have to think about the human concerns. Both Dr. Freiden and Dr. Fauci have conveyed to me and other Members of this body, particularly those on the Appropriations Com-mittee and on the Health and Edu-cation Committee, that there are other unknown health issues related to those over the age of 65 or those with com-promised immune situations now. If you have a chronic condition like dia-betes, you could be subject to really negative consequences from being bit-ten. We have heard about Guillain- Barre. There are other diseases that are a consequence of Zika that give ar-thritic symptoms that can last for over 10 years. Why don’t we do something about it? We know that mosquitoes carry Zika. We already know they are in several States. We know Puerto Rico is al-ready being hard hit. Sports events and other events have been canceled. We know it is down in Florida. Look at the way Senators NELSON and R UBIO are working together. We need to act, and we need to act now because we do know these horrible and devastating impacts. We have heard eloquent and poignant and even wrenching descriptions of what happens to children. I know a topic in our Congress and in the Senate has often been the unborn. Well, we really want to protect the un-born, and this is the way to do it. We have to stop the mosquitoes through mosquito control. This is basic public health. We also have to work with those women who are pregnant or of childbearing age to know about the consequences and what actions they can take to be able to do that. We need to be able to do this at the Federal level. Congress needs to act. They are already acting at a local level, but they are spending local money to be able to do it. My own Gov-ernor, a Republican, Larry Hogan, is acting. He convened a task force. He pulled his public health people to-gether. He ordered his own health de-partment to coordinate education and awareness with local health depart-ments in Maryland. I salute Governor Hogan in taking that action. He has al-ready authorized the distribution of thousands of prevention kits for preg-nant women across the entire State. Those kits cost about $130,000 to put to-gether and to distribute. Maryland is doing this on its own dime. Well, mos-quitoes are a national consequence and even an international one. The counties in Maryland are doing their job—again, not Democrat or Re-publican. Again, my Governor is a staunch fiscal conservative, but he knows public health saves money, along with helping people with their lives. Anne Arundel County, the home of the State capital, headed by a Repub-lican county executive, is acting. This local county is already distributing its own prevention kits. It is not only the State capital, it is the home of the Naval Academy. Everybody is acting on their own. In Baltimore City, our mayor is act-ing, working with the Bloomberg School of Public Health. We are spend-ing local money on mosquito control. They need help. They need help from their own government to deal with the issue south of the border as they come up here, and they need help in their own communities to be able to fund the basic public health measures that we know are tried and that we know are true to be able to do that. I really en-courage us to be able to do this and not to do it by raiding our programs. I absolutely oppose taking money from the Prevention and Public Health Fund to pay for Zika. The prevention fund provides resources to States against other public health problems. We can’t prepare for and protect against Zika by taking funds from other public health activities. We don’t know what the summer and the winter hold. States could lose as much as 40 percent of their surveillance dollars to track other infectious diseases. We have been asked for a very straightforward set of options. There is the Nelson-Rubio amendment asking for $1.9 billion. That is what I support. It would fully fund our measures, both nationally and internationally, and particularly help deal with the spread of this disease and helping local com-munities. I reject another amendment that will be coming, offered by the Senator from Texas, Mr. C
ORNYN , who is well inten-tioned, and I appreciate his sincere in-terest in this. But he is robbing the prevention fund. We need an urgent supplemental. This was an unexpected event, which means that it is tem-porary, it is unexpected, and we need to deal with it. I really want to congratulate—I know Senator B
LUNT and Senator M UR-
RAYhave been working on another op-tion if the other two fail. Whatever it is, at the end of the day we need to take action. This is a public health emergency. We need to deal with it in the most expeditious way. I know every Senator here is concerned about it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.009 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2840 May 17, 2016 
The mosquitoes have already come to Maryland. What we don’t want is to be stung by its consequences. So let’s get on with the business of the day. I thank my colleagues for dealing with this issue now. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I want to talk about the amendment I have of-fered with Senator M
URRAY and Sen-ator M
IKULSKI and Senator C OCHRAN . The chairman and the ranking member of the Appropriations Committee have joined in that amendment, as have Senator G
RAHAM and Senator L EAHY . The committees involved are truly looking at this, trying to find a way forward that allows us to take action. We do need to take action, as my good friend from Maryland has just so well explained. There is no vaccine. There is no sim-ple diagnostic test. There is no way to treat the virus once you get infected. So communities really don’t have very many options right now. The limited resources they have to manage the one thing we can do something about im-mediately besides education—the local mosquito population—are resources that are not nearly adequate to meet the current need. At this time, there is no way to fully prevent the infection, leaving high-risk populations at risk, especially preg-nant women or women trying to get pregnant. That seems to be the popu-lation where the impact of this dis-ease—the impact of this Zika infec-tion—has not only the most short-term but the most long-term implications because of microcephaly and other things that are going to be impacting children born. I am told by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that every in-dication now would be that once you have had Zika, you cannot get it again. It becomes the inoculation, so just be-cause you get Zika and may at a later time become pregnant, you are not likely to have the same thing. That is one of the studies going on, to verify for sure that is the case and also to verify for sure how long after you have had Zika that pregnancy can still be a problem. This is a growing problem. There are already 650 confirmed Zika cases in the U.S. territories, with the majority of those being in Puerto Rico. There are over 500 travel-associated cases of Zika in the United States. If they got it here, it has been through sexual trans-mission and not from the mosquitoes themselves because obviously it is not mosquito season yet, but that is very close. This is a public health threat and clearly an emergency. This is not something we can plan now to deal with 2 years from now because 2 years from now would be too late to deal with this crisis. However, I want to make clear that our deliberations over the supplemental request have never been an either-or scenario. There has never been a scenario where we are ei-ther going to rubberstamp the adminis-tration’s request or do nothing. That straw man will not work. That is not the situation. We need to evaluate this request. The request has certain items the adminis-tration asks for that I think if you look at them not even very closely— and certainly when you look at them closely—you find out they are unneces-sary, they are unwarranted. This is a bill designed to address an emergency situation, not a bill de-signed to make the most of an emer-gency. For example, the administra-tion’s proposal has a request for the building and expansion of new Federal buildings; $85 million of that initial re-quest was to build new buildings. There is no way those buildings would prob-ably even be started during the so- called emergency timeframe or during the real emergency timeframe. Cer-tainly they would not be of use during the timeframe. That is not a real rea-son to ask for money; it is just an ex-cuse to ask for money. The Congress could, should, and I believe will say: No, we are not going to do that. The second request I would like to point out today, the request to provide the department of health with $175 mil-lion of that $1.9 billion, was just a slush fund. It was just a fund with vir-tually unlimited authority to transfer that $175 million or any part of it to any purpose of any Federal Govern-ment agency. There may be some purposes in this emergency we don’t know about yet, but they are not going to be $175 mil-lion, and they are not the kind of emer-gency appropriations you couldn’t get by other means where the Congress is clearly involved. We did not provide this kind of funding in the Ebola crisis when the Democrats were in charge of the Senate. We should not provide it today. There is no reason for a $175 million undesignated fund to be used anywhere in the Federal Government, any more than there is a reason to take $85 mil-lion and build a new Federal building, and say ‘‘Well, it is part of the Zika emergency’’ because it clearly is not. If there is a need for a Federal building at CDC, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention can come to the Con-gress and make that case. That is the way that should be done. If this amendment prevails today, that money will not be available. It is not unreasonable to ask the adminis-tration for details on what activities would be funded. What are their prior-ities, and when would they realistically spend these funds? The $1.1 billion emergency fund would take us through the end of not just this fiscal year but the next fiscal year, about the same time we would hope in talking to the National Insti-tutes of Health that a vaccine will be available. Once a vaccine is available, we will need to look at this Zika infec-tion in a new way, and we will get to look at it in a new way. If the administration had been a lit-tle more transparent at first, maybe we could have reached this point earlier. But to suggest that the Congress has needlessly delayed funding is both un-fair and untrue. I also think that this is the time we can move forward. The role of the Ap-propriations Committee is to look at this and to see that the money appro-priated is going to be spent in the right way. In the meantime, the administration has made available to the Zika crisis almost $600 million. Mr. President, $589 million is a lot of money. It is particu-larly a lot of money when it is basi-cally one-third of what was being asked for. Whether what was being asked for was necessary or not, $589 million of unobligated funds that were available in other places have been brought to this cause. The fact that the administration did that shows in a good way just how seri-ous they are about the crisis. If this were not a real crisis, they would not be taking $589 million that in some process would be spent somewhere else and say: Listen, we need to spend this on Zika right now. But for the people we work for, it is important to under-stand that $589 million is being spent on this, and that is no more than what would possibly have been spent if this appropriation would have happened the day the administration asked for it. The Appropriations Committee took the necessary time to understand the funding needs and response require-ments to ensure that we protect all Americans, including taxpaying Ameri-cans. We worked in a bipartisan man-ner to provide the Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of State with targeted funding to respond to Zika. Today we have that result, a bipar-tisan amendment worked out between the leaders of the Appropriations Com-mittee and the Labor HHS and State and Foreign Operations Subcommittees to meet this emergency. Specifically, I worked with my ranking member on Labor HHS, Senator M
URRAY , to reach an agreement that will provide $850 million to the Department of Health and Human Services to respond in a three-pronged strategy. First, that Department is to provide the funds necessary to develop vaccine candidates, therapeutics, and new diag-nostic tools. Secondly, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will be able to focus responsible efforts domestically and internationally on the highest pri-ority activities, such as vector control, emergency preparedness, and public health outreach. Finally, the supplemental provides targeted funding to Puerto Rico, which public health experts believe will be the most at-risk area in a Zika out-break. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.011 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2841 May 17, 2016 
Additionally, this amendment, with the work of Senator G
RAHAM and Sen-ator L
EAHY , includes $248 million for the Department of State and USAID to support other affected countries’ abil-ity to implement programs to reduce the transmission of the virus. This amendment is a targeted re-sponse providing the funding needed through 2017. It includes funding for priority initiatives focused on preven-tion, control, and treatment. It does not include funding for unessential re-quests. I hope at the end of the day all Mem-bers find a way to meet this emer-gency. I believe the bipartisan amend-ment we are offering is the most likely of these amendments to meet the need. Certainly, in my view, it is the amend-ment that has taken the most focus on exactly what is needed to meet this cri-sis and meet it now. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I would say to the Senator from Missouri that while this Senator is most appreciative that he and Senator M
URRAY have come forth in a bipartisan fashion with about half of the funding that this Sen-ator—also in a bipartisan proposal, since my colleague from Florida, Sen-ator R
UBIO, is the sponsor of this amendment with this Senator, I would point to the Senator’s own words com-mending the administration that they recognized that this was crisis enough to go in and borrow $580 million from the Ebola fund to get started, since we couldn’t get Congress off dead center until now. I commend Senator B
LUNT and Sen-ator M
URRAY for their action. I com-mend the leadership for being willing to put this on the T-HUD bill, appro-priations bill, but for the Senator to suggest that he raised that point that it was such an emergency—$589 mil-lion—but the Appropriations Com-mittee proposal only replaces the $589 million that has been taken from the Ebola fund. It replaces, replenishes it only with $88 million instead of $589 million. By the way, the news just broke. There is another outbreak of Ebola. This Senator is not here to talk about Ebola. This Senator is on the floor to talk about another health care medical emergency, of which there is well over 100 cases in this Senator’s State of Florida. Senator R
UBIO and I are desperately trying to help. Before Senator B
LUNT leaves, I wish to say one other thing. He mentioned that we need to control the vector. What does that mean? The vector is the gremlin that spreads the virus; that is, the aegypti strain of mosquito. That mosquito is now all over the southern United States, especially in Puerto Rico, and mosquito control costs money. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a letter from one of my counties, the Osceola County Commission, saying that they desperately need the funds as they are out of funds for mosquito con-trol. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
MAY12, 2016. Subject: Mosquito Control—Urgent Need for Funding E
MERGENCY FUNDING REQUEST , Florida Department of Health Emergency Prepardness and Response, Tallahassee, FL. On February 04, 2016 Governor Scott de-clared a state of public health emergency for four Florida counties. This public health emergency has placed Osceola County under significant financial pressure. Our program is locally funded with an annual budget of less than $500,000 for arthropod control, so the County does not have the additional re-sources to address this catastrophic public health emergency. At the time of the Governor’s Declaration, Osceola already had ceased operations and gone into off-season mode. However, on Feb-ruary 05, 2016, local media covered the first case of Zika virus in Osceola County. Since then, the virus has expanded into several other areas and resulted in a substantial service demand increase, and the number of Zika cases is still climbing, even as re-sources are being depleted. Media continues to report that the positive cases are all trav-el-related—with Central Florida hosting more than 63 million visitors annually, and with Osceola County’s predominant Hispanic demographic, we are the epicenter for this life-threatening virus. Current staffing levels are not sufficient to meet this emergency. County resources are exhausted, and funds are not readily avail-able to respond to this disaster. Lives are at stake. To date, we have tried to be as creative as possible, reallocating staff and other depart-mental resources to respond to the public threat. We have shifted larvacide staff to go door to door, conducting Zika sweeps in re-sponse to service calls. This shifting of staff has reduced our ability to larvicide, which creates a catch-22 situation—larva not elimi-nated today become biting adult mosquitos tomorrow. While it’s hard to predict all the potential mosquito control needs for the re-mainder of this year, the continuing emer-gency situation and citizen anxiety con-tinues to require a heightened awareness and response. Below is a list of currently identified fund-ing shortfalls, with potentially more to come as the summer trap numbers rise. 
Additional full-time temporary staff to perform day time sweeps and Larvicide ........................................................ $200,000 Funding for increased aerial spraying .................................. 100,000 Additional Back Pack Sprayers (5 X 1800.00) ...................... 9,000 Extra on-hand fuels, chemicals, dry ice and baits .............. 50,000 Private contractor for Tire pile removal ................................ 250,000 5 spray trucks with mounted sprayers to increase fre-quency of adulticide treatments county wide .................. 200,000 Additional funding for spray driver pool (to compensate for additional work for night-time drivers) ............................ 80,000 
Total initial request ...................................................... 889,000 
Respectfully, D
ONALD FISHER , County Manager, Osceola County BOCC. 
Mr. NELSON. What Senator R UBIO and I have is an emergency appropria-tion of $1.9 billion, although it is not treated that way in this appropriations bill. The Centers for Disease Control pre-dicts that up to 25 percent of our fellow American citizens on the island of Puerto Rico are going to be infected by the end of the year; that is, 800,000 peo-ple just there. Already in the United States, we have over 1,000 cases reported in 45 States; 113 of those 1,000 are in Florida. Most of them are in South Florida, Miami-Dade County. Yesterday we just had another case that brought that total to 113. Those 113 cases are spread all over the State of Florida. The community leaders, as indicated by this letter from Osceola County, are saying they are out of funds. Help. This is an emergency. With four reported cases of the virus so far just in that county, which is near Orlando, they have determined they will need to tri-ple their annual budget for mosquito control. The county manager writes: This public health emergency has placed Osceola County under significant financial pressure. County resources are exhausted, and funds are not readily available to respond to this disaster. Lives are at stake. 
Think about what the House has done—a $600 million Zika bill. That is nowhere what we need. Such a figure is not only absurd, it is an insult to the men and women who are on the frontlines trying to battle this virus. These are local governments, such as the one I mentioned in Osceola County. We have an opportunity to respond. This Senator understands it is al-ready baked in the cake. Even though this proposal by Senator R
UBIO and me is bipartisan, it is already baked in the cake that it is going to be the $1.1 bil-lion, but beware. The crisis is looming. We haven’t gotten an effective method for controlling the mosquito. We do not have a vaccine. All of these things take time, they take money, and it is going to need research. There is $277 million in this proposal that Senator R
UBIO and I think needs to go to the National Institutes of Health to accelerate their research for a vaccine and other basic research. When you compare the two com-peting provisions out here today—the committee position and ours—going to Puerto Rico, ours is $250 million. That island is devastated—$250 million for Medicaid funds. What is in the com-mittee report is $126 million—half. For example, take the $743 million in our proposal for the CDC, the Centers for Disease Control. In the committee, there is $449 million. Overall, take the funding to HHS. There is $105 billion in ours and roughly half, $850 million, in the committee provision. I think we should not nickel-and- dime our response to what the World Health Organization has said and al-ready declared a public health emer-gency of international concern. The ur-gency is now and we ought to do the right thing. I conclude by staying we have the Olympics in a few months in Rio. Brazil is covered with Zika infestation and infection. Remember, it cannot 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.012 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2842 May 17, 2016 
only be transmitted by the mosquito, the aegypti, but it can also be trans-mitted sexually. Also, remember the doctors do not know—other than to suspect that it can be transmitted to the pregnant woman any time during the 9 months of pregnancy and it may not show up in the infant until years later in some de-velopmental issue. They do know that in the first trimester of pregnancy, the infected virus is producing the babies with microcephaly. Such a case was just reported with an infected pregnant woman in Puerto Rico. We have not heard the last of this, and you are going to see it magnified with regard to the Olympics. Sooner or later we are going to have to face the music. It looks like we are going to face the music with about half of the appropriation today. Ultimately, this is a full-blown emergency. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, while our colleague from Florida is on the floor, I thank him for being a loud and vocal proponent and for taking swift action. I thank the Senator for leading the fight. Mr. NELSON. I thank the Senator for his support because he recognizes the emergency. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I rise in support of emergency supplemental funding for Federal efforts to combat the impending threat of the Zika virus. Reports of the spread of this virus are concerning. Actually, they are troubling, not just for public health of-ficials but for many Americans who are reading about it in the paper and see-ing coverage of it in the news almost by the hour. Families are reconsidering vacations they had planned, especially to more tropical locations. As we approach the mosquito season, people are understandably worried about how this outbreak will affect them and their families, not just to go on a vacation and camping but lit-erally to go outside and have a cookout or eat out on the porch. We need to continue working to fully understand and combat the health risks that are posed by Zika. Just like our response to Ebola, our response to Zika must be an all-hands-on-deck ef-fort. In February, President Obama sub-mitted a $1.9 billion emergency supple-mental funding request to Congress to bolster programs and activities which would curb the spread of this virus. Given the real threat posed by Zika, I support the funding level requested by the President. I intend to vote for the amendment offered by our colleague from Florida, Senator N
ELSON , which would fully fund this request. With that being said, I understand that a bipartisan agreement on funding has been reached between Senator B
LUNT and Senator M URRAY , which would provide $1.1 billion toward the Zika effort. I appreciate their hard work in negotiating this language. I am going to support their amendment as well so our Nation’s public health officials can take all necessary actions to combat the spread of this virus. As we have heard, the Zika virus has spread explosively throughout Central America and South America. In fact, it has already reached Puerto Rico, other U.S. territories, and is expected to spread further north as the weather continues to warm. Researchers have learned much about this virus in just the last couple of months. Their findings are indeed trou-bling. Last month the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced there is now enough scientific evidence to confirm what many have long specu-lated—the Zika virus is the direct cause of severe birth defects. Further complicating matters, it now appears that the mosquito primarily responsible for transmitting the virus has a wider presence in the United States than we had originally thought. I have two maps. We will look at the first one. The blue color is not good. Orange is less dangerous, less threatening in terms of the mosquitoes. The combina-tion of the blue and the orange is trou-bling. If you look at the combination of blue and orange, it means that the two most worrisome mosquitoes are going to be covering the southern half of our country this summer. The areas to the northeast and the Midwest, to the northern part, are somewhat less troubling, but my State of Delaware is right here. Arizona, the State of the Presiding Officer, is right over here. Senator NELSON ’s State is right here. The only person on the floor whose State looks like they are going to escape is Maine. Senator C
OLLINS is here. Maybe she is in the clear, but she is here to help lead the fight to make sure we are all in this together and we are looking out for each other. I wish to show another map. Major cities across the East Coast, including in the District of Columbia, could be hit hard by the Zika virus. With mosquito season upon us and with more than 500 travel-related cases already diagnosed within the conti-nental United States, we must be pre-pared for the possibility of outbreaks in some parts of this country. That is why I was glad to see President Obama and his administration take an early and proactive role in addressing Zika. Some of the actions already under-taken by Federal agencies include as-sisting State and local governments in mosquito-control efforts and ensuring that local health officials have the equipment they need to test people for this disease. We also know that promising ad-vances are being made in medical coun-termeasures and vaccine development. To date, these efforts have required the transfer of resources from other prior-ities, as we know, including Ebola. Last month the Obama administration announced it would redirect, on an in-terim basis, almost $600 million from other public health accounts to pay for Zika-related activities. I believe the President made the right call in light of the circumstances and the dire threat that is posed by the Zika virus. Now, however, it is time for this Con-gress to do our job. It is my hope that we can come together in passing an amendment offered by our colleague from Florida, Senator NELSON . How-ever, if we are unable to fully fund the President’s request, I believe the fund-ing provided by the Blunt-Murray amendment will go a long way toward supporting the many efforts currently being undertaken by the administra-tion to combat Zika. I urge my col-leagues to join me in providing the funding needed to stop the spread of the Zika virus. Mr. President, I will close with this: When the President gave his State of the Union speech—I think right after the 2014 election—he had up in the Gal-lery sitting next to Mrs. Obama some of the folks who helped lead the fight against Ebola in Africa. There were doctors, nurses, and other people who developed vaccines and that type of thing. It was a proud moment for our country about 3 months after the elec-tion, the early part of 2015. We were not directly threatened here by Ebola. They lost 40,000 people in Af-rica, in the western part of Africa. For the most part, there were a lot of scare tactics about Ebola used in the runup to the election here in this country, but the actual threat, in hindsight, was not that great. What we did was we reached across the world and we invested a lot of tax-payer resources to help people who were in a terrible situation. We helped save literally hundreds of thousands of lives—their lives; not so much our lives but their lives. This is different. This is different. What we have at stake here is our lives and the quality of our lives and the ability of women to bring healthy babies into this world. It is not just us, it is our friends to the south of us in Mexico, Central America, South America, the islands of Puerto Rico and Cuba. We are all in this together. This is an all-hands-on-deck moment, and we need a good team effort. The Senate is going to vote today on whether we are going to be a full part-ner in that effort, and we need to be that full partner. We need to do our job. And this is one of those days that I am confident and hopeful that we will. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I note the presence of the Senator from Hawaii, which hopefully will not be af-fected by this virus. I am happy to yield to her. I thank the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, our Na-tion is facing a serious threat to public health. The Zika virus has the poten-tial to be a major public health crisis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.014 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2843 May 17, 2016 
According to the Centers for Disease Control, there are over 500 cases in the United States, including 9 in Hawaii. Currently, all of these cases are travel- related. There are 700 cases in U.S. ter-ritories, almost all of which were lo-cally acquired. Summer, which is the peak travel season and peak mosquito season, is almost upon us. Every year, 40 million Americans travel to Zika-af-fected countries. It is just a matter of time before the threat of locally trans-mitted Zika becomes a reality in the United States. Although the President sent his emergency funding request to fight Zika to Congress more than 3 months ago, I am glad to see Democrats and Republicans coming together now to prevent a major U.S. Zika outbreak. Public health experts at the Centers for Disease Control, Department of Health and Human Services, and else-where in the administration have said that $1.9 billion is needed to fight the Zika virus. During the Senate’s last State work period, I met with Hawaii researchers and health care providers, who agreed that we need this Federal funding to get ahead of Zika. This funding would go toward our vector-control programs, education, and vaccine development. I visited a Hawaii company—Hawaii Biotech—that is working on a Zika vaccine. This company has a proven track record in developing vaccines. Hawaii Biotech has spent months working to develop a Zika vaccine using private funding. At this critical point of vaccine development, Dr. El-liott Parks and his team at Hawaii Biotech agree that a public infusion of funds will help them get over the finish line. I also had the opportunity to visit with Governor David Ige, the Hawaii director of health, and health care pro-viders. They all shared one message: that Federal funding is critical to get-ting ahead of a widespread Zika out-break. The funding we are voting on today could help companies like Hawaii Biotech develop a much needed Zika vaccine. It would help States like mine increase mosquito control and aware-ness on Zika. Zika is not the benign virus we once thought it was, and funding only be-comes more urgent as we learn about its harmful effects. Zika poses an im-minent threat to pregnant women and, in reality, to all women of childbearing age. By now, we have all seen the harmful impacts Zika has on babies. The images and reports of babies born with microcephaly are heartbreaking. Zika can threaten our Nation’s supply of donated blood. While blood banks across the country are working on methods to clean and test blood, they need funding to accelerate their re-search. Congress can take steps to ensure the safety and well-being of all citizens. We can be proactive, not reactive, to im-pending threats such as Zika. The Federal Government should play a leading role in coordinating and as-sisting local and State governments with mosquito control and supporting the latest research, much as we stepped up with Federal support when con-fronted with Ebola and avian flu. While there are three Zika funding measures before us today, I strongly urge my colleagues to join me in vot-ing yes on Senator N
ELSON ’s amend-ment to fully fund the President’s re-quest at $1.9 billion. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, what we do next on Zika is not an ideological test; it is a test of our basic com-petence. It has nothing to do with one’s views on the size and scope of the Fed-eral Government because, after all, if you believe the government should do even just a few things, preventing a catastrophic epidemic has to be one of them. Zika is a public health emergency, and we have to act now to fund $1.9 bil-lion in supplemental funding to address it, as requested by the public health ex-perts. I congratulate Senators N
ELSON , R
UBIO, BLUNT , and M URRAY for working across the aisle to reach these agree-ments, and I would especially like to offer my support for the Nelson-Rubio $1.9 billion compromise. The Nelson- Rubio amendment provides the full $1.9 billion in Zika funding through the fol-lowing: approximately $743 million for the CDC, $277 million for NIH, $335 mil-lion for USAID, and $417 million for the State Department. And here is an im-portant aspect of it: It also pays back the borrowed Ebola money that we need to ensure that countries stay pre-pared to prevent another Ebola crisis. There are a few proposals to pay for this, but I want to make the following point: This is an emergency. It fits the definition precisely, and so it shouldn’t require a so-called pay-for. I would like to say something to the Members who have rediscovered their fiscal conservatism. Remember that we just passed a $622 billion tax subsidy package last December, and none of it was paid for—more than half a trillion dollars not paid for—and 5 months later we are nickeling-and-diming the Centers for Disease Control. I recently visited CDC headquarters in Atlanta to learn more about their efforts to combat Zika, dengue, and other vector-borne diseases. I have total confidence in the CDC’s ability to respond to challenges like Zika, but we have to give them the strongest fund-ing possible to make sure they can do their good work. And taking money away from the Prevention and Public Health Fund will strip CDC and other important agencies of the funds they need to protect our country from with-in and from without. It is fair to say that this is a Con-gress that has struggled to do its job. And even when it stumbles through a solution such as this, it sometimes cre-ates a new set of problems. So far in addressing Zika, we have forced the ad-ministration to pull money from the CDC for Ebola or from States to ad-dress public health risks. If you want to find savings, there are plenty to be had in the Tax Code, including the more than half a trillion dollar pack-age that was passed in December, and not a penny was paid for. There was $622 billion in tax subsidies—some great things in there, some question-able things in there—and not a penny of it was accounted for and paid for properly. Regardless of your side of the aisle, we can all agree that this is the one thing the government ought to do: keep us safe. Thank you to Senator RUBIO and oth-ers for their calls to make Zika funding nonpartisan. Investing in the CDC and other agencies will protect our citizens from horrific diseases and shouldn’t de-pend on your philosophy regarding the size and scope of the Federal Govern-ment. Let’s do our job. Let’s keep the peo-ple of the United States safe. Let’s fund this emergency for Zika and keep us safe from Ebola and other dangerous diseases. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I wish to speak about the urgent need for Congress to approve emer-gency funds to fight the Zika virus. The Zika virus is a rapidly growing public health threat, and the stakes for women are particularly high. I strong-ly believe Congress should approve the full $1.9 billion requested by the admin-istration to fight the virus. Investing the required resources now will mean fewer cases of Zika down the road. The virus is carried by two species of mosquito. They are found in 40 States in this country. These mosquitos have been found in 12 counties in California, including the five most populous: Los Angeles, San Diego, Orange, Riverside, and San Bernardino. More than 20 mil-lion people live in these counties. There have been 503 travel-related cases in the United States so far, meaning an individual was infected during a trip to Latin America, South America, or the Caribbean, where the virus is widespread. There have not yet been any reported cases of local transmission in the con-tinental United States, although more than 700 cases have been reported in U.S. territories, including one fatality on April 29. It is only a matter of when, not if, we see the first case of local transmission, particularly as we ap-proach the summer, when mosquitos are most active. By July, 7 States are expected to see high mosquito activity. While scientists are still working to understand the effects of the Zika virus, they are more serious than we initially thought. Zika causes severe, brain-related birth defects in babies when women are infected during preg-nancy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.015 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2844 May 17, 2016 
Microcephaly, one of the most seri-ous effects of Zika, causes babies’ heads to be much smaller than normal. In severe cases, you will also see sei-zures, developmental delays, intellec-tual disabilities, feeding problems, and hearing and vision loss. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention continues to research the virus, and it could be several years be-fore the full range of health effects is known. The most common way people con-tract Zika virus is through mosquito bites, but there have been documented cases of the virus being spread from men to women through sexual contact. Scientists now believe sexual trans-mission is more common than initially thought. Zika symptoms are mild—fever, rash, and joint pain—meaning that many people may become infected and spread with disease without knowing they have it. Unless we act now, we could end up with a significant number of Zika carriers who don’t know they are infected. As I mentioned previously, the ad-ministration has asked Congress for $1.9 billion in emergency funding to stop the spread of the Zika virus. Sen-ator N
ELSON introduced a bill, which I have cosponsored, to provide the full $1.9 billion. Senator N
ELSON and Sen-ator R
UBIO have also introduced an amendment to the bill currently under consideration to provide the full $1.9 billion. Last week, an agreement was reached between Senators M
URRAY and B
LUNT on an amendment that would provide $1.1 billion in funding. I applaud their efforts and know they worked hard to come to agreement on a package that could get broad bipar-tisan support. The Federal Government will use these funds for a number of prevention and mitigation activities, including controlling mosquito popu-lations, researching and testing for the virus, educating the public, and devel-oping a vaccine. However, I think it is important to highlight what we are losing by fund-ing the Zika response at $1.1 billion and not $1.9 billion. Reduced funding now will hinder our response in a num-ber of ways. It will be harder to address Zika in the future, with a potentially higher cost. Notably, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will receive nearly $300 million less. The National Institutes of Health will receive $77 million less. The Health and Human Services Emergency Fund will receive $83 million less. This means that test-ing may not be as widely available as it should be, and developing a vaccine may take longer. There is also $114 million less to fight Zika abroad. We live in a global soci-ety. To prevent the spread of Zika virus, we must fight the disease where it is, not wait for it to come here. It’s also important to note that we can’t launch prevention and mitigation activities overnight. It takes time to address mosquito populations and dis-tribute testing kits. If we don’t ap-prove the necessary funds now and Zika spreads, funds approved later may not be as effective. Past is prologue, and we have seen the effects of similar health crises. I remember when rubella was widespread in the United States before a vaccine was available. This is also a disease with mild symptoms. It spread easily and was particularly dangerous for pregnant women and their babies. The rubella vaccination campaign in 1969 was critical to stopping this dis-ease, which infected 12.5 million people from 1964–1965. In 2004, the United States was declared rubella-free. We’re down to an average of 11 travel-related cases per year. The point is we know enough about the Zika virus to understand that it is a serious threat. We also know from history how important it is to address public health threats as early as pos-sible. This is especially important when the virus is carried by an insect as common as mosquitoes and the ini-tial symptoms of the disease are mild or even undetectable. In closing, Congress cannot afford to delay. I strongly urge the Senate to ap-prove the administration’s sensible re-quest to fight this growing public health threat. Thank you. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, today I wish to speak in opposition to Senator CORNYN ’s amendment. This amendment eliminates protections under the Clean Water Act related to spraying pes-ticides into the Nation’s rivers, streams, and lakes to control mosqui-toes. Pesticide pollution is a significant problem and a major contributor to poor water quality in our Nation’s water bodies. According to the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, more than 1,800 waterways in the U.S. are known to be polluted by pesticides, and many more may be polluted but are not monitored. We know that pes-ticides harm fish and wildlife and are linked to a wide range of damaging human health impacts, including can-cer and harm to pregnant women, in-fants, and children. Exempting pesticide spraying from the Clean Water Act is completely un-necessary to control the spread of mos-quitoes to address the Zika virus. In 2011, EPA issued a streamlined Clean Water Act general permit, which al-lows operators to get one permit for up to 5 years. The permit requires simple management techniques and reporting to protect water quality, fish and wild-life habitat, swimming, and rec-reational uses. Most mosquito control districts around the country already have au-thorization to spray pesticides to con-trol mosquitoes under this existing pesticide permit. In addition, EPA’s permit includes provisions to allow im-mediate spraying to address public health emergencies. If a local govern-ment is not currently authorized to spray under EPA’s permit and a pest emergency is declared at the local, State, or Federal level, pesticides can be immediately sprayed to address the health concerns without approval by EPA or a State. In the case of Zika, States or local governments can declare a pest emer-gency under the general permit in areas where they believe Zika-carrying mosquitos may be a problem, and they can immediately begin spraying pes-ticides to control the spread of the virus. These requirements are a common-sense approach to ensure gallons of ex-cess pesticides are not dumped into our waters, and they provide sufficient flexibility to address public health threats, such as Zika. The Cornyn amendment is not about improving the response to Zika. It is a backdoor attempt to gut the Clean Water Act, one of our Nation’s bedrock environmental laws. I urge my colleagues to oppose the Cornyn amendment and help keep our waterways clean. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. AMENDMENT NO . 3922, AS MODIFIED  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the adoption of the Feinstein- Portman amendment No. 3922 that it be modified with the changes at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment, as modified, is as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion A, insert the following: S
EC. ll. Section 218(g) of the Cranston- Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12748(g)) shall not apply with re-spect to the right of a jurisdiction to draw funds from its HOME Investment Trust Fund that otherwise expired or would expire in 2016, 2017, 2018, or 2019 under that section. 
Ms. COLLINS. I thank the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE . The majority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, shortly the Senate will vote on three different versions of appropriations bills that will provide the needed money to help combat the anticipated challenges we are going to have with the Zika virus, which we have talked a lot about. Obvi-ously, Zika is a threat, particularly to women of childbearing age because of the horrific birth defects associated with it, most prominently microcephaly, or basically a skull that is smaller than normal, leading to pre-mature death and, obviously, horrific injuries. There is bipartisan support for this legislation. First of all, we will have a chance to vote on the President’s request of $1.9 billion. The biggest objection I have to that $1.9 billion is that it really doesn’t come with a plan that says how the President will spend that money. It also is not paid for. As the Presiding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.058 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2845 May 17, 2016 
Officer well knows, we have a huge na-tional debt, and there is no reason to just gratuitously rack up more debt in order to deal with this public health concern. There is a second vote we will have on a $1.1 billion appropriations bill. This is the product of the good work done by Senator R
OYBLUNT of Missouri and Senator P
ATTY MURRAY of Wash-ington. They have cut down the Presi-dent’s request from $1.9 billion to $1.1 billion, and they believe this will fund the needed work not only of this fiscal year but into the next fiscal year as well. That is also not offset or paid for, and I think that is a problem. First of all, the House has proposed a roughly $600 million bill that is fully offset, so we are going to have some differences between the House and the Senate over how we address the Zika virus challenge. The third is a piece of legislation I have offered that I would certainly ask my colleagues to support. This is fully offset out of something called the Pre-vention and Public Health Fund that was created by the Affordable Care Act. So there is money in the Treasury now that could help pay for the $1.1 bil-lion. I should say that about $900 mil-lion of it could be paid for now, and by next year there will be more money put into this Prevention and Public Health Fund. As we can see, the Affordable Care Act provides that. This Prevention and Public Health Fund is ‘‘to provide for expanded and sustained national in-vestment in prevention and public health programs.’’ I can’t imagine any more urgent public health program or one that we should be looking to pre-vent more than this particular threat, the Zika virus. I would point out that the Prevention and Public Health Fund has been used to fund some things—many good things, some which I think are ques-tionable, like promoting free pet neutering, encouraging urban gar-dening, and boosting bicycle clubs. Cer-tainly, prevention of these horrific birth defects and the threat of the Zika virus spreading through the conti-nental United States and its impact on our population is more important than these. So I ask my colleagues, please, let’s deal with this threat in the responsible way that we all agree we should, but let’s do so in a fiscally responsible way as well. There is no reason to gratu-itously add to the deficit and the debt. We can do this in a responsible way from a public health standpoint and fiscally as well. Mr. President, I know the Senator from New York, Mr. S
CHUMER , is com-ing to the floor at noon, and we are going to present a matter for the Sen-ate’s consideration. I don’t see him here yet, but I am told he is on his way. So let me turn to that topic, and I know Senator S
CHUMER will be here momentarily. JUSTICE AGAINST SPONSORS OF TERRORISM ACT Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, all of us remember the horrible events of Sep-tember 11 and the grief and pain so many people went through in New York. Roughly 3,000 people lost their lives. Obviously, the family members have not forgotten that, and the Na-tion hasn’t forgotten their loss either. The Senator from New York, Mr. SCHUMER , and I have introduced legis-lation called the Justice Against Spon-sors of Terrorism Act. This is bipar-tisan legislation which would enable Americans and their family members who lost loved ones on that horrible day to pursue their claims for justice against those who sponsored those acts of terrorism on U.S. homeland. This bill was reported out of the Sen-ate Judiciary Committee without ob-jection, and similar legislation passed the Senate unanimously last Congress. I believe that kind of unanimous sup-port sends a clear message: that we will combat terrorism with every tool we have available and that the victims of terrorist attacks in our country should have every means at their dis-posal to seek justice. I am grateful for the work of the Sen-ator from New York, Mr. S
CHUMER , in introducing this bill along with me and Chairman G
RASSLEY for shepherding it through the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee. I also appreciate the support of a large bipartisan group of like-minded Senators in this Chamber. We worked with a number of Senators, including the Senator from Alabama and the Senator from South Carolina, who ex-pressed concerns about earlier versions of the legislation. I appreciate their willingness to work with us to deal with their concerns in a way that now has gained their support. This legislation amends the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act passed in 1976. So we already have a piece of leg-islation on the books that waives sov-ereign immunity under some cir-cumstances, but the problem is that it does not extend to terrorist attacks on our homeland by countries and organi-zations that have not already been des-ignated as state sponsors of terrorism. This makes some small changes in that legislation that first passed in 1976 to expand the scope of that to allow the families of the 9/11 tragedy to seek jus-tice in our courts of law. Mr. President, there are some aspects of the bill that I would like to discuss in particular, and to that effect I would like to enter into a colloquy with my friend on a number of points. Senators S
ESSIONS and G RAHAM had expressed concern that earlier versions of this legislation might be interpreted to derogate too far from traditional principles of foreign sovereign immu-nity and put the United States at risk of being sued for our operations abroad. We worked extensively with them on this issue. To alleviate the concerns they raised, the substitute amendment to S. 2040 narrowly tailors the immunity excep-tion in several way. First, it is limited—like the Foreign Sovereign Immunity Act’s ‘‘tort excep-tion’’—to physical injury ‘‘occurring in the United States.’’ The act of inter-national terrorism that causes the in-jury must also take place ‘‘in the United States.’’ This focus on U.S. territory avoids the issues raised by the State Depart-ment regarding section 1605A, the ‘‘State Sponsor of Terrorism’’ excep-tion to the FSIA passed decades ago by Congress. Section 1605A permits juris-diction over acts that occur anywhere, but is limited to certain states. Second, jurisdiction can only be predicated on acts of terrorism and not on acts of war, as both terms are de-fined under the Anti-Terrorism Act. Third, the injury must be ‘‘caused by’’ the tortious act or acts of the for-eign state. This language, which re-quires a showing of jurisdictional cau-sation, is drawn from decisions of Fed-eral courts interpreting section 1605A. Courts interpreting new section 1605B should look to cases like Kilburn, Rux, and Owens, the analysis of which we in-tend to incorporate here. Finally, this new version adopts the language of 1605A regarding the con-duct of officials, employees, and agents of foreign states. This language incor-porates traditional principles of vicari-ous liability and attribution, including doctrines such as respondeat superior, agency, and secondary liability. Mr. SCHUMER. I thank the Senator from Texas. My friend the senior Senator from Texas is exactly right: we have made several changes to the bill since the last time it was introduced—and passed—to make it as narrow and tar-geted as possible. I join him in thanking Senators SES-
SIONS and G RAHAM for working with us to strike the right balance. I have two points on this. Congress addressed terrorism under the FSIA decades ago, in what became section 1605A, the exception for ‘‘state sponsors of terrorism.’’ I want to make clear that JASTA is responding to a very specific issue about terrorism on U.S. soil. It is not our intent to imply anything about other areas of law. Other provisions of this statute allow-ing victims of terror to sue foreign gov-ernments for acts of international ter-rorism have a longstanding jurispru-dence that JASTA is not meant to alter. The new version of the legislation also includes an important new tool for the executive branch to address litiga-tion against a foreign sovereign under section 1605B. Section 5 allows the Department of Justice to seek a stay of the litiga-tion—including related cases, not against the foreign state itself—if the government certifies that it is involved in good-faith discussions to resolve the matter. This stay can be extended. Of course, if the administration seeks to use this new authority, it should be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.018 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2846 May 17, 2016 
prepared to provide substantial evi-dence of good-faith negotiations to the court such as details about those in-volved in the discussions and their au-thority to reach a resolution, where and when the discussion occurred and a timeline for resolving the matter. I wish to say a few words about sec-ondary liability under the Anti-Ter-rorism Act, which JASTA addresses. The purpose of the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act is to hold foreign sponsors of terrorism that tar-get the United States accountable in Federal courts. One thing that has come up in our discussions of this bill is whether the bill’s provisions would extend civil li-ability under the Anti-Terrorism Act to situations where someone has been forced to make payments or provide aid to aid to a foreign terrorist organi-zation under genuine duress or, for ex-ample, as ransom payments for the re-lease of someone taken hostage. This type of conduct is outside the scope of traditional aiding and abetting liabil-ity and our bill does not change that. To sum up, the Foreign Sovereign Immunity Act has been amended, and amended again, in its relatively short life, in order to strike the proper bal-ance between our interests abroad and the rights of our citizens to obtain re-dress when they are victims of wrong-doing—no matter who the perpetrator is. This version of JASTA would move our laws even closer to that ideal bal-ance. I yield again to the senior Senator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I would also like to say a few words about sec-ondary liability under the Anti-Ter-rorism Act, which JASTA addresses. This bill is called the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. It helps ful-fill the promise of the original Anti- Terrorism Act, which was intended to ‘‘interrupt, or at least imperil, the flow of money’’ to terrorist groups. So, while JASTA clarifies the rule for sec-ondary liability, which may attach to terrorism sponsors, it doesn’t impact other aspects of the ATA that may also make them liable. For example, this bill is not intended to alter how viola-tions of sections 2339A—material sup-port—or 2339C—terrorist financing— can be the basis for direct liability under the ATA. Mr. President, I would add, there is already litigation pending by the fami-lies who lost loved ones on 9/11, and right now there appears to be some-what of a split in the Federal courts with regard to the scope of sovereign immunity and whether it applies. This legislation would basically clarify that both for pending cases and for future claims. At this point, I would defer to my friend, the Senator from New York, for any statement he would care to make, and then I would be happy to offer a unanimous consent request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I thank my good friend from Texas for yielding and for the great job he has done. This is another example of bipar-tisan legislation and, in fact, another example of a Cornyn-Schumer collabo-ration, which works pretty well around here. Senator C
ORNYN and I have intro-duced this bill for the last three Con-gresses, first under the leadership of Senator L
EAHY and then under Senator G
RASSLEY . It has twice passed without objection through the Senate Judiciary Committee, once by the full Senate. I thank Senators L
EAHY and G RASSLEY  for their help as well. The bill is very near and dear to my heart as a New Yorker because it would allow the victims of 9/11 to pursue some small measure of justice by giving them a legal avenue to hold foreign sponsors of terrorism accountable for their actions. The courts in New York have dis-missed the 9/11 victims’ claims against certain foreign entities alleged to have helped fund the 9/11 attacks. These courts are following what we believe is a nonsensical reading of the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act. For the sake of the families, I want to make clear beyond a shadow of a doubt that every entity, including foreign states, will be held accountable if they are found to be sponsors of the heinous act of 9/11. My friend, the senior Senator from Texas, and I have worked hard to nar-row the bill to strike the proper bal-ance between our interests abroad and the rights of our citizens to obtain re-dress when they are victims of terrible wrongdoing. We had a colloquy for the R
ECORD that goes into more detail on some of the legal nitty-gritty, but we cannot lose sight of the bigger picture: What this legislation means to the vic-tims of 9/11 transcends day-to-day poli-tics. One of the most impassioned advo-cates of this bill is Ms. Terry Strada, who is seeking justice for her husband Tom. Tom lost his life in the North Tower on September 11. Terry didn’t just lose a husband; she lost a father to a young son of 7, a daughter of 4, and a tiny baby boy who was born shortly after the towers fell. She lost a loving father and her best friend. Terry Strada and many others are seeking what we would all be compelled to seek if we suffered such loss at the hands of hate and evil, which is simply justice. The fact that some foreign govern-ments may have aided and abetted ter-rorism is infuriating to the families if justice is not done. That is what they seek—justice, justice, justice. Terry and her three children have championed this bill for over a decade. They are not cursing the darkness—as would be human nature to do—at their terrible, unjust, and almost inex-plicable loss. Instead, her family and many other families have chosen to light candles, to do whatever they can to make sure this never happens again, so that any foreign entity that would seek to choose to help and aid and abet and do terrorism here on our shores will pay a price if it is proven that they have done so. So Terry and the other families are lighting candles—a saintly act. I thank them and all the other families as well—Monica Gabrielle, Mindy Kleinberg, Lori Van Auken, Kristen Breitweiser, Patty Casazza—for their tireless advocacy and patience. In conclusion, JASTA is long over-due—a responsible, balanced fix to a law that has extended too large a shield to foreign actors who finance and enable terrorism on a massive scale. The victims of 9/11 and other ter-rorist attacks have suffered such pain and heartache that they certainly should not be denied justice. Mr. President, I yield to my col-league from Texas for the unanimous consent request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from New York for his comments and for his partnership in working on this important legislation. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to the im-mediate consideration of Calendar No. 362, S. 2040. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 2040), to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on the Judiciary, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS AND PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) International terrorism is a serious and deadly problem that threatens the vital interests of the United States. (2) The Constitution confers upon Congress the power to punish crimes against the law of nations and therefore Congress may by law im-pose penalties on those who provide material support to foreign organizations engaged in ter-rorist activity, and allow for victims of inter-national terrorism to recover damages from those who have harmed them. (3) International terrorism affects the inter-state and foreign commerce of the United States by harming international trade and market sta-bility, and limiting international travel by United States citizens as well as foreign visitors to the United States. (4) Some foreign terrorist organizations, act-ing through affiliated groups or individuals, raise significant funds outside of the United States for conduct directed and targeted at the United States. (5) It is necessary to recognize the substantive causes of action for aiding and abetting and conspiracy liability under the Anti-Terrorism Act of 1987 (22 U.S.C. 5201 et seq.). (6) The decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia in Halberstam v. Welch, 705 F.2d 472 (D.C. Cir. 1983), which has been widely recognized as the leading case regarding Federal civil aiding and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.004 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2847 May 17, 2016 
abetting and conspiracy liability, including by the Supreme Court of the United States, pro-vides the proper legal framework for how such liability should function in the context of the Anti-Terrorism Act of 1987 (22 U.S.C. 5201 et seq.). (7) The United Nations Security Council de-clared in Resolution 1373, adopted on September 28, 2001, that all countries have an affirmative obligation to ‘‘[r]efrain from providing any form of support, active or passive, to entities or per-sons involved in terrorist acts,’’ and to ‘‘[e]nsure that any person who participates in the financ-ing, planning, preparation or perpetration of terrorist acts or in supporting terrorist acts is brought to justice’’. (8) Consistent with these declarations, no country has the discretion to engage knowingly in the financing or sponsorship of terrorism, whether directly or indirectly. (9) Persons, entities, or countries that know-ingly or recklessly contribute material support or resources, directly or indirectly, to persons or organizations that pose a significant risk of committing acts of terrorism that threaten the security of nationals of the United States or the national security, foreign policy, or economy of the United States, necessarily direct their con-duct at the United States, and should reason-ably anticipate being brought to court in the United States to answer for such activities. (10) The United States has a vital interest in providing persons and entities injured as a re-sult of terrorist attacks committed within the United States with full access to the court sys-tem in order to pursue civil claims against per-sons, entities, or countries that have knowingly or recklessly provided material support or re-sources, directly or indirectly, to the persons or organizations responsible for their injuries. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this Act is to provide civil litigants with the broadest possible basis, consistent with the Constitution of the United States, to seek relief against persons, en-tities, and foreign countries, wherever acting and wherever they may be found, that have pro-vided material support, directly or indirectly, to foreign organizations or persons that engage in terrorist activities against the United States. 
SEC. 3. FOREIGN SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY. 
Section 1605(a) of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (5) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(5) not otherwise encompassed in paragraph (2), in which money damages are sought against a foreign state arising out of physical injury or death, or damage to or loss of property, occur-ring in the United States and caused by the tortious act or omission of that foreign state or of any official or employee of that foreign state while acting within the scope of the office or employment of the official or employee (regard-less of where the underlying tortious act or omission occurs), including any statutory or common law tort claim arising out of an act of extrajudicial killing, aircraft sabotage, hostage taking, terrorism, or the provision of material support or resources for such an act, or any claim for contribution or indemnity relating to a claim arising out of such an act, except this paragraph shall not apply to— ‘‘(A) any claim based upon the exercise or per-formance of, or the failure to exercise or per-form, a discretionary function, regardless of whether the discretion is abused; or ‘‘(B) any claim arising out of malicious pros-ecution, abuse of process, libel, slander, mis-representation, deceit, interference with con-tract rights, or any claim for emotional distress or derivative injury suffered as a result of an event or injury to another person that occurs outside of the United States; or’’; and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of subsection (a)(5)— ‘‘(1) the terms ‘aircraft sabotage’, ‘extrajudicial killing’, ‘hostage taking’, and ‘material support or resources’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 1605A(h); and ‘‘(2) the term ‘terrorism’ means international terrorism and domestic terrorism, as those terms are defined in section 2331 of title 18.’’. SEC. 4. AIDING AND ABETTING LIABILITY FOR CIVIL ACTIONS REGARDING TER-RORIST ACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2333 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) L
IABILITY .—In an action under sub-section (a) for an injury arising from an act of international terrorism committed, planned, or authorized by an organization that had been designated as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189), as of the date on which such act of international terrorism was committed, planned, or authorized, liability may be asserted as to any person who aids and abets, by knowingly providing substantial assistance, or who conspires with the person who committed such an act of international terrorism.’’. (b) E
FFECT ON FOREIGN SOVEREIGN IMMUNI -
TIESACT.—Nothing in the amendments made by this section affects immunity of a foreign state, as that term is defined in section 1603 of title 28, United States Code, from jurisdiction under other law. 
SEC. 5. PERSONAL JURISDICTION FOR CIVIL AC-TIONS REGARDING TERRORIST ACTS. 
Section 2334 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
ERSONAL JURISDICTION .—The district courts shall have personal jurisdiction, to the maximum extent permissible under the 5th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, over any person who commits or aids and abets an act of international terrorism or who conspires with the person who committed such act, for acts of international terrorism in which any national of the United States suffers injury in his or her person, property, or business by reason of such an act in violation of section 2333.’’. 
SEC. 6. LIABILITY FOR GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS IN CIVIL ACTIONS REGARDING TER-RORIST ACTS. 
Section 2337 of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2337. Suits against Government officials ‘‘No action may be maintained under section 2333 against— ‘‘(1) the United States; ‘‘(2) an agency of the United States; or ‘‘(3) an officer or employee of the United States or any agency of the United States acting within the official capacity of the officer or em-ployee or under color of legal authority.’’. 
SEC. 7. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act or any amendment made by this Act, or the application of a provi-sion or amendment to any person or cir-cumstance, is held to be invalid, the remainder of this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and the application of the provisions and amendments to any other person not similarly situated or to other circumstances, shall not be affected by the holding. 
SEC. 8. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this Act shall apply to any civil action— (1) pending on, or commenced on or after, the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) arising out of an injury to a person, prop-erty, or business on or after September 11, 2001. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be withdrawn; that the Cornyn sub-stitute amendment be agreed to; and that the bill, as amended, be read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 3945) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS AND PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) International terrorism is a serious and deadly problem that threatens the vital in-terests of the United States. (2) International terrorism affects the interstate and foreign commerce of the United States by harming international trade and market stability, and limiting international travel by United States citi-zens as well as foreign visitors to the United States. (3) Some foreign terrorist organizations, acting through affiliated groups or individ-uals, raise significant funds outside of the United States for conduct directed and tar-geted at the United States. (4) It is necessary to recognize the sub-stantive causes of action for aiding and abet-ting and conspiracy liability under chapter 113B of title 18, United States Code. (5) The decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia in Halberstam v. Welch, 705 F.2d 472 (D.C. Cir. 1983), which has been widely recognized as the leading case regarding Federal civil aid-ing and abetting and conspiracy liability, in-cluding by the Supreme Court of the United States, provides the proper legal framework for how such liability should function in the context of chapter 113B of title 18, United States Code. (6) Persons, entities, or countries that knowingly or recklessly contribute material support or resources, directly or indirectly, to persons or organizations that pose a sig-nificant risk of committing acts of terrorism that threaten the security of nationals of the United States or the national security, for-eign policy, or economy of the United States, necessarily direct their conduct at the United States, and should reasonably antici-pate being brought to court in the United States to answer for such activities. (7) The United States has a vital interest in providing persons and entities injured as a result of terrorist attacks committed within the United States with full access to the court system in order to pursue civil claims against persons, entities, or countries that have knowingly or recklessly provided mate-rial support or resources, directly or indi-rectly, to the persons or organizations re-sponsible for their injuries. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this Act is to provide civil litigants with the broadest pos-sible basis, consistent with the Constitution of the United States, to seek relief against persons, entities, and foreign countries, wherever acting and wherever they may be found, that have provided material support, directly or indirectly, to foreign organiza-tions or persons that engage in terrorist ac-tivities against the United States. 
SEC. 3. RESPONSIBILITY OF FOREIGN STATES FOR INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM AGAINST THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1605A the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.002 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2848 May 17, 2016 
‘‘§ 1605B. Responsibility of foreign states for international terrorism against the United States ‘‘(a) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘international terrorism’— ‘‘(1) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 2331 of title 18, United States Code; and ‘‘(2) does not include any act of war (as de-fined in that section). ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF FOREIGN STATES .— A foreign state shall not be immune from the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States in any case in which money damages are sought against a foreign state for phys-ical injury to person or property or death oc-curring in the United States and caused by— ‘‘(1) an act of international terrorism in the United States; and ‘‘(2) a tortious act or acts of the foreign state, or of any official, employee, or agent of that foreign state while acting within the scope of his or her office, employment, or agency, regardless where the tortious act or acts of the foreign state occurred. ‘‘(c) C
LAIMS BY NATIONALS OF THE UNITED  S
TATES .—Notwithstanding section 2337(2) of title 18, a national of the United States may bring a claim against a foreign state in ac-cordance with section 2333 of that title if the foreign state would not be immune under subsection (b). ‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A foreign state shall not be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States under sub-section (b) on the basis of an omission or a tortious act or acts that constitute mere negligence.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) The table of sections for chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1605A the following: ‘‘1605B. Responsibility of foreign states for international terrorism against the United States.’’. (2) Subsection 1605(g)(1)(A) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or section 1605B’’ after ‘‘but for section 1605A’’. 
SEC. 4. AIDING AND ABETTING LIABILITY FOR CIVIL ACTIONS REGARDING TER-RORIST ACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2333 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) L
IABILITY .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘person’ has the meaning given the term in section 1 of title 1. ‘‘(2) L
IABILITY .—In an action under sub-section (a) for an injury arising from an act of international terrorism committed, planned, or authorized by an organization that had been designated as a foreign ter-rorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189), as of the date on which such act of international terrorism was committed, planned, or authorized, liability may be as-serted as to any person who aids and abets, by knowingly providing substantial assist-ance, or who conspires with the person who committed such an act of international ter-rorism.’’. (b) E
FFECT ON FOREIGN SOVEREIGN IMMUNI -
TIES ACT.—Nothing in the amendment made by this section affects immunity of a foreign state, as that term is defined in section 1603 of title 28, United States Code, from jurisdic-tion under other law. 
SEC. 5. STAY OF ACTIONS PENDING STATE NEGO-TIATIONS. 
(a) E XCLUSIVE JURISDICTION .—The courts of the United States shall have exclusive juris-diction in any action in which a foreign state is subject to the jurisdiction of a court of the United States under section 1605B of title 28, United States Code, as added by section 3(a) of this Act. (b) INTERVENTION .—The Attorney General may intervene in any action in which a for-eign state is subject to the jurisdiction of a court of the United States under section 1605B of title 28, United States Code, as added by section 3(a) of this Act, for the pur-pose of seeking a stay of the civil action, in whole or in part. (c) S
TAY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A court of the United States may stay a proceeding against a for-eign state if the Secretary of State certifies that the United States is engaged in good faith discussions with the foreign state de-fendant concerning the resolution of the claims against the foreign state, or any other parties as to whom a stay of claims is sought. (2) D
URATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A stay under this section may be granted for not more than 180 days. (B) E
XTENSION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General may petition the court for an extension of the stay for additional 180-day periods. (ii) R
ECERTIFICATION .—A court shall grant an extension under clause (i) if the Secretary of State recertifies that the United States remains engaged in good faith discussions with the foreign state defendant concerning the resolution of the claims against the for-eign state, or any other parties as to whom a stay of claims is sought. 
SEC. 6. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act or any amend-ment made by this Act, or the application of a provision or amendment to any person or circumstance, is held to be invalid, the re-mainder of this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and the application of the provisions and amendments to any other per-son not similarly situated or to other cir-cumstances, shall not be affected by the holding. 
SEC. 7. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this Act shall apply to any civil action— (1) pending on, or commenced on or after, the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) arising out of an injury to a person, property, or business on or after September 11, 2001. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The bill (S. 2040), as amended, was passed. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 5 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, there is an urgent need that we must address—I hope it will be later in the day—which is emergency funding to fa-cilitate a rapid response to a spreading public health crisis—now in Puerto Rico but threatening the rest of our Nation. There must be a rapid, robust response to the public health emer-gency the Zika virus poses. Zika is a vicious, virulent virus capa-ble of crippling and killing. We have seen its effects in some cases of devel-opmental disability that has resulted to children. It poses a threat to 4 mil-lion people in the Americas. Connecticut may not be generally thought to have a warm climate, but the mosquitoes are swarming and spawning there. They include a type of mosquito—the Asian tiger—that has now been documented to carry Zika. This poses an immediate and urgent threat for Connecticut and for the en-tire eastern coast and Northeast United States. There is a way that Connecticut is contributing to a solution. Two of our companies in Connecticut, Quest and Protein Sciences, are actively working on a vaccine. I visited Protein Sciences recently and saw firsthand the work that is being done there, but the sci-entists at that company and others working on a vaccine need this emer-gency funding. That is their plea to us, and I hope we will respond to it today— not just because the vaccine is needed, but it must be part of a broader effort, to include eliminating and eradicating mosquitoes wherever possible, edu-cating the public on how to protect themselves and particularly their chil-dren and pregnant women against this disease. In Connecticut, there have already been six Zika diagnoses to date. There have been none resulting from infec-tions in Connecticut but still affecting pregnant women. Our experience docu-ments that any State in our country may be eventually affected. My plea today is that we use this op-portunity to pass emergency funding and not deplete or gut a critical re-source—the Prevention and Public Health Fund. For example, this fund has provided $324 million for section 317 immunization grant programs, which States rely on to maintain and in-crease vaccine coverage, particularly for uninsured Americans and for need-ed responses to disease outbreaks. In-vading and decimating this fund will do lasting damage to the public health of America because the Prevention and Public Health Fund is the Federal Gov-ernment’s largest single investment in prevention. Over the past 5 years, the fund has put more than $6 billion toward over-due investments in disease prevention and public health promotion. Raiding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:59 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.005 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2849 May 17, 2016 
this fund would wreak havoc on our ef-forts to reduce chronic disease rates, immunize our children, address infec-tious disease outbreaks and, ironically, lower health care costs. There is a saying I have heard nu-merous times on the floor of the Sen-ate and at other public forums: An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. That lesson has been brought home by our experience with Ebola as well as with other public health threats. It is equally true of Zika. We should endeavor to eradicate mosqui-toes and educate the public on the spread of this disease before it causes microcephaly, other developmental dis-abilities, and loss of vision and hearing in newborns. It is a threat to adults, as well as to newborns. Undercutting the investments we have made to date in public health is far from the right course to take. With women and fami-lies across the country looking to Con-gress for action, now is the time for us to take advantage of the bipartisan measures that are before us. I urge that we support those bipar-tisan measures that will help us in-crease readiness and surveillance, de-velop a vaccine, and educate commu-nities about how we can better protect women and children, as well as others, from this vicious and pernicious dis-ease. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I rise today to speak on the importance of fighting the Zika virus and the urgency of being prepared for the full range of threats we may face, whether naturally occurring, such as Zika, or manmade. To some, this may look like a grass-hopper, but that is actually a mos-quito. The question is, Prepared for all hazards? We still do not have answers to all the questions surrounding Zika, but we do know this: Zika is a very se-rious public health threat, and we need to act. That is why I support the Blunt- Murray amendment to bolster our Na-tion’s response to it. The CDC has indicated that the mos-quitoes responsible for spreading the virus could be found in a significant portion of the United States, including my State of North Carolina. What makes this virus particularly troubling is that it has the potential to cause tragic birth defects in babies born to mothers infected with Zika. The virus has also been linked with serious neurologic conditions. The sad news of reported cases of microcephaly is an urgent call to us that this virus poses a very serious threat to pregnant women and their unborn children. We need to take action to help these women deliver healthy babies and stop the spread of the virus. It is concerning to know that we do not have drugs to prevent or treat Zika, and we will likely not have them until after the summer when mosquitos are present in many of the commu-nities back home. Zika underscores the importance of supporting a flexible, all-hazards ap-proach and response framework under the Pandemic and All-Hazards Pre-paredness Act—legislation I authored almost a decade ago—to ensure our Na-tion would be better prepared for the range of serious public health threats we might face, such as Zika. It also un-derscores that Mother Nature always has the potential to throw us a curveball, this time in the form of a virus with the potential for dev-astating birth defects transmitted through a simple mosquito bite. This mosquito-borne virus also highlights why we must be prepared with the ap-propriate tools to protect the health of America from situations in which in-fectious diseases are moving from ani-mals to humans. Thankfully, because of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Act, we have been better prepared to respond to Zika and other recent threats. But this work is never done, and we must al-ways remain vigilant when it comes to medical and public health preparedness and response. The next threat may be naturally occurring, or it may be the result of a deliberate attack. We need to be prepared for all of them. After 9/11, Congress established the BioShield Special Reserve Fund to en-courage the development of counter-measures that meet specific require-ments for use against chemical, bio-logical, radiological, and nuclear agents that the Department of Home-land Security has determined pose a material threat against the United States population sufficient to affect our national security. These are threats like anthrax, Ebola, hemor-rhagic fever, and smallpox. Like Zika, the American people expect us to be ready to respond to these threats. Unfortunately, I am not going to be able to support the amendment offered by my colleagues from Florida because it would gut BioShield. The President’s fiscal year 2017 budget proposed de-creasing BioShield by $160 million, and then weeks later, with Zika’s emer-gence, the administration proposed raiding the BioShield fund. These ac-tions do not instill confidence that the Federal Government is prepared to handle these threats and will be a com-mitted partner in these public-private partnerships—partnerships that are crucial for defeating Zika. I want to work with the administration to im-prove our Nation’s biodefense prepared-ness and response, especially with re-gard to emerging infectious diseases, but gutting BioShield is not the an-swer. I also wish to take a moment and talk about the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, or BARDA, as I call it. BARDA is cur-rently helping innovators navigate the development of the ‘‘valley of death’’ by supporting advanced research and development of medical counter-measures and spurring innovation, such as platform technologies, to en-sure that we are as nimble as possible when confronting serious public health threats. BARDA is on the frontline of combating Zika because it is a linchpin in advanced medical countermeasures. It is also critical that we support BARDA in fulfilling its mission. The Blue Ribbon Study Panel on Biodefense recently issued a report that found there are ‘‘serious gaps and inadequa-cies that continue to leave the Nation vulnerable to threats from nature and terrorists alike.’’ We cannot lose our focus on pre-paring for the threats we have identi-fied. By strengthening our work in this area, we will be better prepared for the next naturally occurring threat. Re-gardless of the threat, we know the American people expect us to protect them from it and to be prepared to combat it. Today the threat is Zika. Two years ago the threat was Ebola. And the years before that, it was a novel flu strain. We have been here be-fore. We don’t know what the next threat will be or how it will arise, but by staying focused on identified threats and being vigilant to finish what we start, we will be better pre-pared for the next threat, whether nat-urally occurring or the result of a de-liberate attack. I strongly support the Blunt-Murray Zika amendment because it will help protect women, babies, and families threatened by Zika in North Carolina and across the United States. It will also ensure that we continue to make progress against a full range of threats we may face in the future. I believe we must confront the threat of Zika with the resources this tragic virus demands and the compassion that women and children deserve. The Blunt-Murray amendment does both. I look forward to supporting it and continuing to fight to ensure that Americans are pro-tected from Zika and all other threats we might face. While the Presiding Officer and chairman are here, I might add that America is the world’s response. We are the ones who funded and initiated the cure for Ebola. We are the ones who took the seasonal flu variations and modified them to reflect the greatest threat. And America will be the one— for the world—that addresses a cure, vaccine, or countermeasure for Zika. The good news is that, as a Congress, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.023 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2850 May 17, 2016 
over 10 years ago we set up the archi-tecture to be able to be ahead of things like Zika and Ebola. Quite frankly, during different administrations under different control, we failed to fund the things that we recognized we needed to do. As we have this crisis and we respond to it, let’s also reassure the American people that we are going to invest in that architecture and that we will be ahead of novel diseases. I call it novel. We have known about Zika for over 40 years, and the fact is that technology now allows us to address this in a dif-ferent way. Let’s invest in those plat-form technologies. Let’s make sure we have an architecture that allows ad-vanced development for the vaccines or the countermeasures. Let’s not let down the American people on the next disease or the next threat that we might face. I thank the Presiding Officer and the chairman. I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS THE PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:42 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 2:30 p.m. will be equally divided between the managers or their designees. The Senator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, at this point I wish to yield to Senator R
EED of Rhode Island, the subcommittee ranking member and the comanager of this bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, let me thank the chairman for her consider-ation. I rise in support of the Zika sup-plemental amendment offered by Sen-ators M
URRAY and B LUNT , as well as the amendment offered by Senator N
ELSON . The threat of the Zika virus is a seri-ous public health issue and Congress must act to help minimize the spread before we have an epidemic on our hands. It has been over 2 months since the Administration asked for emer-gency funds for a comprehensive re-sponse to the Zika virus and to speed up development of a vaccine. This should not be a partisan issue, and in-action leaves us more susceptible to this serious public health emergency. This disease is spreading rapidly in other countries, and as we saw last year with Ebola—and with other mos-quito-borne illnesses—we are living in an interconnected world and we are not immune to the spread of these diseases. Already, there are over 1,000 cases of Zika virus in the United States and U.S. territories, including over 100 pregnant women. We have only seen two cases so far in my home State of Rhode Island, but the virus is spread-ing and it isn’t going away on its own. We will certainly see these numbers in-crease as we approach the summer months. I had the opportunity to host a dis-cussion in Rhode Island about this topic just a few weeks ago, bringing to-gether Federal officials from the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases, as well as pub-lic health officials from the Rhode Is-land Department of Health, among other experts in the State. Everyone agreed that funding is needed imme-diately to ensure that we are prepared for Zika. State and local public health depart-ments will be critical to strengthening efforts to prevent and diagnose cases of Zika, among other mosquito-borne ill-nesses this summer. While trans-mission of mosquito-borne illnesses has been limited in the United States so far, it is critical that state and local public health departments have the re-sources they need—in addition to ongo-ing communication with the CDC—so they have the most up-to-date informa-tion on diagnostics and testing for mosquito-borne illnesses. The NIH also needs more resources to help fast-track research and develop-ment of a vaccine for the Zika virus. The Zika virus has the potential to cir-culate in the United States over the long term, and we need to be prepared for the fact that we will be combating this disease for more than just a few months in the summer. We also need more research on the virus. The Zika virus has been around for decades, and there have been out-breaks in other parts of the world, but we didn’t know it could cause a birth defect called microcephaly that im-pacts brain development until this year. We still don’t know the long-term impacts on these children and their mothers. I plan to support Senator NELSON ’s amendment to fully fund the adminis-tration’s Zika supplemental request. I appreciate his efforts to push this issue and to help ensure that we have robust funding to help combat the threat of Zika. While Senator N
ELSON ’s approach is preferable, I also plan to support the amendment of Senator M
URRAY and Senator B
LUNT to provide $1.1 billion in funding to address Zika. This amend-ment is a bipartisan compromise, and my hope is that no less than this fund-ing level will move forward and be signed into law before we head into the summer months. It is so critical that we move quickly on this so our state and local health departments will have the resources they need to deal with the potential growing cases in the coming months. Senators MURRAY and B LUNT have been working for weeks on this amendment, and I want to thank them for their commitment to get to this agreement. I will oppose Senator C
ORNYN ’s amendment, which would make harm-ful cuts to the Prevention and Public Health Fund. This is a classic case of robbing Peter to pay for Paul. The Pre-vention and Public Health Fund makes exactly the kinds of investments in our public health infrastructure that bet-ter prepare us to deal with emergencies like Zika or Ebola. The Prevention and Public Health Fund also helps fund disease preven-tion programs such as cancer screenings and immunization programs that save us money in the long run. In-stead of cutting the Prevention and Public Health Fund to pay for the Zika supplemental, we should actually be in-vesting more into these programs. So it is my hope we will reject this ap-proach and instead pass emergency leg-islation today to deal with the Zika virus. The funding that will be made avail-able as a result of today’s votes will be critical in the efforts to prevent out-breaks of the disease in the United States and hopefully the creation of a vaccine in the near future. There is still a lot we don’t know about the Zika virus—and once we pass this emergency funding package, Con-gress will still need to work together to continue evaluating needs and deter-mining whether more resources are necessary. I look forward to working with my colleagues to protect Americans from the potentially devastating impacts of the Zika virus. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, shortly the Senate will proceed to consider three alternative proposals to provide much needed funding to combat the Zika virus. I am deeply concerned about the rapidly emerging and evolv-ing Zika virus, which poses a par-ticular threat to pregnant women and can cause serious birth defects. To learn more about this virus and other public health challenges, I re-cently toured the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, GA, with my friend and colleague Senator I
SAKSON . I was deeply impressed by the team of extraordinarily dedicated pub-lic servants who work there. These sci-entists leverage an enormous range of knowledge to protect the American people, including through rapid re-sponse to infectious disease threats. CDC’s experts told me they call the mosquito that carries the Zika virus the cockroach of the mosquito world because it is so difficult to get rid of. This mosquito can breed in water that fits within the size of a bottle cap. It is commonly found in the United States in areas like Florida and our gulf coast. There are now more than 1,000 cases of Zika virus in the United States and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.024 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2851 May 17, 2016 
its three territories, including two lab-oratory-confirmed cases in the State of Maine. Earlier, one of our colleagues showed a map of the States that are most affected by Zika, but the fact is, due to travel, there are confirmed Zika cases in virtually every single State, but of course Puerto Rico in particular has been especially hard hit, with the number of cases soaring. These statis-tics are even more alarming when we consider that we have not yet reached the summer months when mosquitoes tend to be more prevalent. Recent studies suggest that Zika might spread across the warmer and wetter parts of the Western Hemisphere. As many as 200 million people in our country live in areas where the mosquito that car-ries the virus could potentially thrive. You may have read what may seem like good news—that the Zika virus is asymptomatic in approximately 80 per-cent of those affected, but CDC re-cently concluded that the virus causes microcephaly and a range of other se-vere fetal brain defects. Americans are justifiably worried about the Zika virus, as the failure to prevent its spread could have devastating con-sequences for our families. In addition to the human and emo-tional toll, the Zika virus may ulti-mately cost the United States an as-tonishing sum of money when we con-sider that we already spend more than $2.6 billion per year on hospital stays related to birth defects. So the invest-ment we are making today is not only the right thing to do from a humani-tarian and public health perspective, it is also the right thing to do from an economic viewpoint. In addition to these serious birth de-fects, the Zika virus has been linked to Guillain-Barre syndrome, a disease that can cause paralysis and even death. It is imperative that we take steps to combat the Zika virus without delay. To that end, I support the bipartisan compromise agreement worked out by Senators B
LUNT and M URRAY to provide an additional $1.2 billion to combat the Zika virus, including $361 million for the CDC and $200 million for the Na-tional Institutes of Health. We can and we should do more to plan for emerging disease threats through the regular ap-propriations process so we do not have to turn frequently to emergency sup-plemental funding, but in this case the Zika virus is an imminent and evolving public health threat that cannot wait and that cannot be ignored. The CDC has a very specific plan to rapidly respond to this very real threat, including by developing diag-nostic tests that will help us identify the virus and help to educate providers and the public about appropriate pre-vention methods. I think it is impor-tant to understand that the CDC is the interface with State and local public health centers and agencies, so its role is absolutely critical in the education and prevention process. The National Institutes of Health is similarly prepared to conduct research into vaccines that might help us better prevent the virus and the conditions that it can tragically cause, but again that requires funding. The CDC has sounded the alarm in its warning about a serious Zika outbreak in our country. It is essential we de-vote sufficient financial resources to meet this new challenge. I am con-vinced that today the Senate will do its part to deal with this serious threat to our public health. Thank you, Mr. President. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I have a parliamentary inquiry: How much time do we have remaining? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island has 11⁄2minutes remaining, and the Senator from Maine has zero time remaining. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I yield back the remaining time on our side. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has been yielded back. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 3898 to amendment No. 3896 to Calendar No. 138, H.R. 2577, an act making appropriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. Marco Rubio, Debbie Stabenow, Harry Reid, Sheldon Whitehouse, Richard J. Durbin, Al Franken, Jeanne Shaheen, Robert Menendez, Brian E. Schatz, Joe Manchin III, Bill Nelson, Charles E. Schumer, Michael F. Bennet, Edward J. Markey, Benjamin L. Cardin, Tom Udall, Gary C. Peters. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on amendment No. 3898, offered by the Senator from Ken-tucky for the Senator from Florida, to amendment No. 3896 to H.R. 2577, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under this rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 47, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 73 Leg.] YEAS—50 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Rubio Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—47 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—3 
Cruz Enzi Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 47. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 3899 to amendment No. 3896 to Calendar No. 138, H.R. 2577, an act making appropriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. Mitch McConnell, Roy Blunt, Roger F. Wicker, Marco Rubio, Lamar Alex-ander, Richard C. Shelby, Thad Coch-ran, John McCain, Michael B. Enzi, Jeff Flake, John Cornyn, Shelley Moore Capito, Johnny Isakson, Richard Burr, Bob Corker, Susan M. Collins, John Hoeven. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on amendment No. 3899, offered by the Senator from Ken-tucky for the Senator from Texas, to amendment No. 3896 to H.R. 2577, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.026 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2852 May 17, 2016 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 52, nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 74 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—45 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Reid Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Cruz Enzi Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 52, the nays are 45. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 3900 to amendment No. 3896 to Calendar No. 138, H.R. 2577, an act making appropriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. Mitch McConnell, Roy Blunt, Roger F. Wicker, Marco Rubio, Lamar Alex-ander, Richard C. Shelby, Thad Coch-ran, John McCain, Michael B. Enzi, Jeff Flake, John Cornyn, Shelley Moore Capito, Johnny Isakson, Richard Burr, Bob Corker, Susan M. Collins, John Hoeven. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on amendment No. 3900, offered by the Senator from Ken-tucky, Mr. M
CCONNELL , for the Senator from Missouri, Mr. B
LUNT , to amend-ment No. 3896 to H.R. 2577, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. CRUZ) and the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 68, nays 29, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 75 Leg.] YEAS—68 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Isakson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Rounds Rubio Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Tillis Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—29 
Barrasso Coats Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Heller Inhofe Johnson Lankford Lee Moran Paul Perdue Risch Roberts Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey 
NOT VOTING—3 
Cruz Enzi Sanders 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 68, the nays are 29. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. The Senator from Maine. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3946 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3900, AS 
MODIFIED  
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I call up the Blunt amendment No. 3946. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the amendment. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Maine [Ms. C OLLINS ], for Mr. B
LUNT , proposes an amendment num-bered 3946 to amendment No. 3900, as modi-fied. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require the periodic submission of spending plan updates to the Committee on Appropriations) On page 10 of the amendment, line 1, strike ‘‘. The’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod on line 3, and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided, That such plans shall be updated and submitted to the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate every 90 days until September 30, 2017, and every 180 days there-after until all funds have been fully ex-pended.’’. Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I would now like to yield time to Sen-ator I
SAKSON for a statement. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Madam President, I thank the Senator from Maine for the recognition. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3900, AS MODIFIED  
I want to commend Senator C OLLINS  and Senator R
EEDfor their hard work and great leadership on this amend-ment, Senator M
URRAY and Senator B
LUNT for bringing this issue before us, and the Senate for having the good sense to invoke cloture on it this after-noon. If anybody in the audience or in this room doesn’t think this is an emer-gency, they should have been with Sen-ator C
OLLINS and me 2 weeks ago at the CDC in Atlanta. We spent 4 hours look-ing at the depiction of what a Zika out-break is going to look like if it doesn’t stop and if we don’t abate it. There have already been 1 million cases in the Caribbean, Central Amer-ica, and South America and 500 cases in the United States of America, and it is going to grow. The faster we get our arms around it, the better off the American people are going to be. This is a lot of money, but it is only a pittance compared to what it would cost if the epidemic got out of control and we didn’t stop it and defeat it. This money will go to Labor, Health and Human Services, the State Depart-ment, the CDC, and other entities to provide the education, training, and in-formation necessary to get control of this disease. Remember what happened with Ebola. When it broke out and we fi-nally got involved, only through CDC’s ability to educate and also to contain and control the disease did we finally get our arms around it and stop the epidemic. The same thing is going to be true with Zika. We need to contain, control, and get the necessary edu-cation to the countries to see to it that we stop it. I commend the Senate for invoking cloture on the amendment today. I commend these two Senators for their hard work, and I am glad we are on the leading point of the spear. I want ev-erybody to be clear—this is an emer-gency. Had we not invoked cloture on this amendment today, in months we would have had a greater emergency because Zika would have spread unabated in the Southern United States. Lastly, I want to give great credit to Senator C
OLLINS for all the hard work she has done on health and human services for so many years and for her hard work for the CDC. On behalf of Dr. Frieden, we are glad you finally came and visited. God bless you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.007 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2853 May 17, 2016 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. KING. Madam President, we just invoked cloture on an amendment to deal with the funding of an incipient epidemic—an epidemic that has serious ramifications for our society and for our country—and it is right that we did that. I rise today, however, to point out the fact that we are in the midst not of an incipient epidemic but a real epi-demic that since lunchtime today has killed 15 people in this country. Fifteen people have lost their lives since the middle of the day today. The epidemic I refer to, of course, is heroin and opi-ate drug abuse and addiction. This is a crisis which is upon us right now. A month or so ago, we passed with great fanfare the CARA bill, the com-prehensive addiction bill. It was the right thing to do. It was a good bill, but it had no funding. Passing a bill like that with no funding is like send-ing the fire department to a fire with no water. We cannot deal with this problem until we have the capacity to provide treatment to the people who need it. Right now there is a huge shortage of treatment beds. There is even a short-age of detox beds, let alone treatment. When a person finally gets to the point where they are struggling with this terribly destructive disease and they are ready to embrace and take on the treatment, to not have it available or to have it available at an exorbitant cost is tragic. We are losing lives every hour—47,000 people a year—and it is expanding and exploding, and it is tearing our commu-nities apart. I am delighted that we invoked clo-ture on an amendment involving the Zika virus. It is important that we do so. But we also should be attending to this crisis that is staring us right in the face and is tearing our country apart. I hope we can soon get to an amend-ment that will allow us to begin the process of funding the resolution of this scourge before it takes more lives and before it tears apart more families and communities. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, today the Senate invoked cloture on an amendment to provide more than $1 billion in emergency spending to help combat the Zika virus. I support this effort. I think it is a good amendment, and I commend our leaders in the Ap-propriations Committee for reaching this bipartisan agreement. However, I join my colleague from Maine, my colleague from West Vir-ginia, and all of those who are dis-appointed that the opioid epidemic is not being treated with the same degree of urgency. Some Senators on the other side of the aisle have said it is their pref-erence to deal with the opioid epidemic through the regular appropriations process. Let me say that I am not en-couraged by the results so far. With all due respect to my colleagues, an extra $1 million here and there for a few pro-grams, which is what we are seeing in the appropriations process, is not going to address the nationwide crisis that Senator K
INGhas said is going to kill tens of thousands of Americans this year. While the HHS appropriations bill is still being drafted, because of the tight budget caps that are in place for this fiscal year, I am not optimistic that it will include the type of game-changing funding that we need to stem the tide of this crisis. Unfortunately, we saw that the Commerce, Justice, and Science appropriations bill included only minor increases to programs to address the heroin and opioid epidemic. That is why we need emergency fund-ing, and we need it now. In March, the Senate had an oppor-tunity to provide $600 million in emer-gency funding to address this crisis, but despite strong bipartisan support, that amendment was defeated on a point of order. Congress needs to rise to this challenge, just as it has done during previous public health emer-gencies and just as we are doing right now to address the Zika virus. Just last year Congress approved $5.4 billion to combat the Ebola outbreak, which killed one American, but in 2014, 47,000 Americans died from drug overdoses. Each day we wait, another 120 people die of drug overdoses. We are losing one person a day in New Hampshire. Now is the time to act. I urge my col-leagues to reconsider. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, first of all, I thank my good friend from New Hampshire, Senator S
HA-
HEEN , for putting in this most needed funding to fight this epidemic, and I thank Senator K
ING from Maine as well. We are all fighting it. My State has been hit the hardest of all the States, and New Hampshire is right behind us as far as having more deaths from opioid drug abuse than any other State. If you put what we are asking for into perspective and look at what we have done over the years since the war on drugs began about four dec-ades ago, we have spent $1 trillion in the United States, but we are fighting this war the wrong way. We have all looked at this as a horrific crime, and we have just kept putting people away. In that period of time, we spent $450 billion to lock up these people in Fed-eral prisons and most of them were locked up for nonviolent crimes. We need to look at this. This is an illness, and to treat an illness, you have to have funding. We just talked about Zika, and we have done it for Ebola. I even checked what we have done with polio. Since we eradicated polio, we have saved this country $220 billion. Can you imagine what would have happened if we hadn’t? We wanted to have it eradicated around the world by the year 2000. The savings is enormous, but the bot-tom line right now is productivity. I have the lowest workforce participa-tion in the country right now in West Virginia. A lot of it is due to the addic-tions that people have. In 2014, we had 42,000 West Virginians—including 4,000 youth—who sought treatment for ille-gal drug use but failed to receive it. There was no place for them to go. They wanted to change their lives. They asked in every way possible to do that, but we have no treatment cen-ters. This goes a long way to basically help treat an illness which is abso-lutely destroying America, not just in West Virginia, New Hampshire, and Maine, but I am talking about all 50 States. We have an epidemic we are dealing with today. Yet we are not dealing with it because we have no treatment, and that is because no one has put the priorities and values that we have in this country to eradicate this horrible scourge in our country. I ask all of my colleagues to please reconsider the funding that is needed to fight opioid abuse with proper treat-ment around the country. I thank the Presiding Officer and yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. BROWN V . BOARD OF EDUCATION ANNIVERSARY  
AND FILLING THE SUPREME COURT VACANCY  
Mr. KAINE. Madam President, I rise to discuss the pending vacancy on the U.S. Supreme Court, and I do so on a very momentous day in American legal history. May 17, today, is the anniver-sary of the Supreme Court’s decision in the pivotal case of Brown v. Board of Education. On May 17, 1954, the Su-preme Court ruled that the promise of equality—stated as paramount in the Declaration of Independence and then reaffirmed in the 14th Amendment to the Constitution passed in the after-math of the Civil War—could not be de-nied to little school children based on their skin color. The Brown v. Board case was actually five cases consoli-dated together—one from Virginia, one from Kansas, one from Delaware, one from South Carolina, and one from the District of Columbia. While most of us know what the Brown case resolved, few remember that the Brown ruling was in serious jeopardy because of the death of a Su-preme Court Justice and the deep divi-sions on the Court among the remain-ing eight members. It was only through the prompt filling of a judicial vacancy that the Court was able to come to-gether and render a ruling in America’s best interest. The Brown case was originally ar-gued in 1952, and the court that heard the argument was hopelessly divided. In fact, it was so divided that they asked that the case be reargued in 1953, and then to make matters worse, Chief 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.037 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2854 May 17, 2016 
Justice Fred Vinson died before the re-argument. By many accounts, his death left the Court evenly divided over an issue of the most fundamental importance. Had the vacancy left by the death of Judge Vinson persisted, there is no way of predicting whether the Supreme Court could have even re-solved the case. Imagine how different our history as a Nation would be if the Supreme Court had been unable to de-cide on a matter of fundamental impor-tance. President Eisenhower nominated former California Governor Earl War-ren to fill the vacancy. The Senate did its job, held a prompt hearing, and con-firmed the appointment. Chief Justice Warren then used his skill to cut through the division and convince his colleagues that the Court should speak unanimously and say that a child’s skin color should not determine which school he or she should attend. Because the Senate did its job, the Court was able to do its job, and all of America was lifted. I have listened to my colleagues and Virginia citizens about the current Su-preme Court vacancy for 3 months. I have come to this conclusion: I think the Senate is treading on dangerous ground here. We are communicating— and I think the communication could be unintentional—a message to our public that is painful, and our actions in this high-profile matter are creating pain among many of my constituents. I fear that a precedent is about to be set that could undermine all three branches of our government. I offer these comments today because the Senate can correct the dangerous message we are sending, and I hope that calm reflection will call us to honor the great traditions of this body. The death of Justice Scalia on Feb-ruary 13 created a naturally occurring vacancy on a Court that is statutorily required to have nine members. Within hours of Justice Scalia’s death, the ma-jority leader announced a blockade on the vacancy, declaring that no nomina-tion by President Obama would ever re-ceive a hearing or a vote. This hastily announced blockade has been described as follows: The majority thinks the American people should decide on the Presidential race, and therefore, this nomination should be for the next President to make, even if that means a Supreme Court vacancy for more than a year. I want to examine the majority’s ra-tionale. What has the Senate done in other instances when a vacancy has oc-curred during the last year of a Presi-dent’s term? Well, that is easy enough to find out. Before Justice Scalia’s death, more than a dozen Justices have been confirmed during a Presidential year. For the last 100 years, with the exception of nominees who have with-drawn their nomination, the Senate has taken action on every pending nominee to fill a vacancy on the Court. In the past, some Senators have sug-gested that a vacancy occurring during the final year of a Presidential term should be entitled to less deference than other Executive nominations, but that is related to the question of whether or not a Senator votes yes or no, and, of course, Senators are free to vote yes or no on nominees. But the re-fusal to even consider a nominee is un-precedented. Beyond the precedent of previous Senate actions, let’s look at article II, section 2, of the Constitution. It says that the President ‘‘shall nominate’’ and ‘‘appoint’’—‘‘by and with the Ad-vice and Consent of the Senate’’—var-ious officials, including Supreme Court Justices. While all agree that the advice and consent provision gives the Senate the ability to affirm or reject a nominee, there is nothing in the clause sug-gesting that the Senate can blockade the consideration of a nominee, and there is certainly nothing in the clause to suggest that the President’s ap-pointed powers or the Senate’s con-firmation powers are somehow limited in the last year of a Presidential term. Finally, the meaning of the constitu-tional clause was extensively discussed as the Constitution was drafted, ap-proved, and ratified by the States, and Alexander Hamilton’s Federalist Paper 76 also discusses the provision at length. All understood that the advice and consent provision was an oppor-tunity for the Senate to determine whether a Presidential nominee for a Senate confirmable position possessed ‘‘fit character.’’ That is the check against Presidential power intended by the clause. The President, knowing that a Senate would inquire into the character of a nominee, would not just nominate people purely for partisan, personal, or regional reasons—wanting to fill it with people from my State, for example. ‘‘Fit character’’ would re-quire that the President nominate somebody who could pass that scrutiny in the Senate. ‘‘Fit character’’ is a phrase with some significant subjec-tivity to it, giving each Senator the ability to decide what it means in a given instance. But the position that the character of the nominee doesn’t matter at all—as evidenced by the ma-jority’s view that there would be no meetings, no hearings, and no vote re-gardless of the person nominated for the vacancy—is directly contrary, in my view, to the intent of the provision. I look at this, and I believe the as-serted rationale that we should not take up the Garland nomination be-cause the vacancy occurred in the final year of a Presidential term is at odds with the text of the Constitution, with the clear meaning of the text, as ex-plained during the drafting of the pro-vision, and with the clear line of Sen-ate action in previous cases. What could explain the blockade of Judge Garland? I obviously don’t know, and I can’t comment upon motivations that I am unaware of, but I do want to discuss how it appears—a perception that we are leaving, possibly unwit-tingly, based on my discussions with Virginians. The current Senate block-ade is variously interpreted as an oppo-sition to the nominee, as opposition to the particular President making the nomination, or as some effort to under-mine judicial independence. Let’s look at those three interpreta-tions that are very commonly held by Virginians and others. The first inter-pretation: Is it opposition to the nomi-nee? I think we can dispense with that pretty quickly. The blockade strategy is not based on the character of the nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, and I can assert this safely because the blockade strategy was announced—no meeting, no hearing, no vote—before the President even nominated Judge Garland. It was said that regardless of the character of a particular nominee, they would not entertain a nomination from this particular President. This is ironic, given that the nomination for a Supreme Court Justice is fundamen-tally about the very essence of justice and that the essence of justice must carry with it a duty to consider each individual on his or her own merits. The position that we would refuse to consider Judge Garland on his own merits seems contrary, to me, to the very notion of justice itself. Now that Judge Garland has been nominated, we also know that the blockade is not about the character of the nominee. Judge Garland has an es-teemed record as a prosecutor, private practitioner, and Federal appellate judge on the D.C. Circuit Court of Ap-peals. He is the chief judge on that court. His judicial service alone is ap-proaching the 20-year mark on a court that most believe is second in impor-tance only to the U.S. Supreme Court. I have not seen any Member of the majority assert any credible weakness in Judge Garland’s background, integ-rity, experience, character, judicial temper, or fitness for the position. In-deed, the majority’s senior Member, a respected former chair of the Judiciary Committee, has praised Judge Garland as exactly the kind of jurist who should be on the Supreme Court. In my recent interview with Judge Garland, I came away deeply impressed with his thoughtful manner and signifi-cant experience as a trial attorney and judge. This is no ivory tower jurist, but instead a man who understands the real-life struggles of plaintiffs and de-fendants, lawyers and juries, legisla-tors and citizens, and trial judges who depend upon the Supreme Court to give clarity and guidance to the rules that impact the most important issues of their lives. I think we should give President Obama his due in proposing a nominee with such impeccable credentials. I re-ject the first possible explanation that the majority’s opposition is about the nominee. In fact, a determination that Merrick Garland was not of fit char-acter to even receive consideration as a Supreme Court Justice would set such a high bar for appointees that it is hard to imagine anyone ever clearing it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.039 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2855 May 17, 2016 
Since the Garland blockade has noth-ing to do with the character of the nominee, many perceive that it is in-stead explained by the majority’s views of this President. Is there something about President Obama that would warrant his Su-preme Court nominee receiving second- class treatment compared with past Senate practice? Could it be the circumstances of the President’s election? Some Presidents have been elected with less than a ma-jority vote of the American public and have thus been burdened with the no-tion that they did not have a mandate from the American public, but Presi-dent Obama was elected in both 2008 and 2012 with overwhelming majorities in the electoral college, and his pop-ular vote margins in both elections were also relatively strong in compari-son with the norm in recent Presi-dential elections. So there is nothing about the legitimacy of President Obama’s elections that would warrant treating this President’s nomination different from previous Executives. This makes extremely puzzling the majority’s claim that they want to ‘‘let the American people decide.’’ The American people did decide. They gave President Obama the constitutional re-sponsibility to nominate Justices to the Supreme Court from his first day in office to his last. Some may not be happy with the decision, but it is in-sulting to the President and it is in-sulting to the American electorate who chose him, according to longstanding and clear electoral rules, to demean the legitimacy of his election. Could it be the unique unpopularity of this President? I think one could hy-pothesize a situation where a Presi-dent, in the last year of his term, is so unpopular that a Senate might con-clude that the public is no longer sup-portive of the Executive, but that is not the case with President Obama. The President’s current popularity is actually quite strong compared with other Presidents during their final years in office. So there is nothing about the President’s popularity with the American electorate that would warrant treating his court nominee dif-ferent than the treatment afforded to past nominees. So what could it be about President Obama that would warrant the block-ade of his Court nominee in a manner completely different than the way the Senate has treated all other occupants of the Oval Office? In what way is this President different to justify such treatment? I state again what I have said before. Obviously, I don’t know the answer. I cannot say why the Senate would be so willing to break its historic practice and, by my reading of the Constitution, to refuse consideration of a nomination made by this particular President, but I can say it is painful and offer some thoughts about how it appears to many of my neighbors, to many of my con-stituents, as well as to many of my pa-rishioners with whom I attend church. They reacted with alarm when news came that certain leaders had declared, soon after President Obama was elect-ed, that their primary goal was to as-sure that he would not be reelected. They watched with sadness as some in Congress raised questions about wheth-er he was even born in the United States. They saw some in Congress question his faith and his patriotism. They observed a Member of Congress shout ‘‘you lie’’ at this President dur-ing a televised speech to the entire Congress. They noticed, recently, as the Budget Committees of both the House and Senate refused to even hold hearings on the President’s submitted 2017 budget—the only time a President has been treated in such a manner since the passage of the Budget Control Act of 1974. In short, they are confused and they are disturbed by what they see as an attack on this President’s le-gitimacy. I am not referring to an at-tack on this President’s policies, which should always be fair game for vigorous disagreement, and I have often at-tacked this President’s policies, but in-stead what people are worried about is some level of attack on the very notion that it is this individual occupying the Oval Office. This latest action—the refusal to even consider any Supreme Court nominee afforded by President Obama in his final year, when other Presidents were granted consideration of their nominees—seems highly suspicious to them. When that blockade is main-tained, even after the President affords to the Senate a nominee of sterling credentials, the suspicion is height-ened. When the asserted reason is the need to ‘‘let the people decide,’’ thus suggesting that the people’s decision to elect this particular President twice is entitled to no respect, they are deeply troubled. What can explain why this President—the Nation’s first African- American President—is singled out for this treatment? Again, I don’t know, but we cannot blind ourselves to how actions are per-ceived. The treatment of a Supreme Court nomination by this President that departs from the practice with previous Executives and that cannot be explained due to any feature of the par-ticular nominee under consideration feeds a painful perception about moti-vations. The pain is magnified when it is in connection with an appointment to the Supreme Court, whose very building proclaims in stone over its en-trance the cardinal notion of ‘‘Equal Justice Under Law.’’ There is a third interpretation of the Garland blockade that is also trou-bling. Some see the blockade as just sort of power politics—as an attempt to slant the Court. The death of Jus-tice Scalia creates concern among those who fear a natural transition on the Court, so there is an effort to stop that natural and lawful transition. The blockade on filling a naturally occurring vacancy, in my view, is harmful to the independence of the ar-ticle III branch. Even in the 3 months since Justice Scalia’s death, the Court’s rulings have shown the chal-lenges of an eight-member Court. On four occasions already, the Court has been unable to render a clear decision in a case of great importance. Since the blockade, if successful, will prob-ably maintain the artificial vacancy until the spring of 2017, it is likely to happen in other cases as well. So lower courts, and all persons whose rights and liberties are subject to rule by this Court, are deprived of the clarity on Federal issues that the Court was de-signed to provide, but it is more than just a hobbling of the Court’s ability to decide individual discrete cases. Seventy years ago, when Winston Churchill spoke at Westminster Col-lege about the descent of an Iron Cur-tain across Europe, he defined the dif-ferences between free societies and those driven by tyranny. Key to his de-scription of free societies was an inde-pendent judiciary. It is an independent judiciary that serves as a bulwark against Executive or legislative power grabs, protecting the liberties of an in-dividual from an overreaching Execu-tive or from a majoritarian legislature that does not fully grasp the rights of minorities. That is what an inde-pendent judiciary is designed to do. I think we all know this independence of the American judiciary has been one of the great hallmarks of American de-mocracy. In my view, the blockade of the Gar-land nomination undermines this inde-pendence. The Judiciary Act of 1869 sets the composition of the Court at nine Justices with life tenure, and that statute has remained in force for 150 years. When President Franklin Roo-sevelt didn’t like certain rulings of the Supreme Court in the 1930s, he tried to expand the Court and elbow out older Justices by proposing a forced retire-ment age and an expansion of the num-bers in that Judiciary Act of 1869. Ev-erybody understood that FDR’s actions were an attempt to attack the inde-pendence of the judicial branch, and so congressional leaders of both parties stood up to stop him. I think this current blockade is the legislative equivalent of what Presi-dent Roosevelt tried to do. Refusing to consider an Obama nomination in order to artificially maintain a Court va-cancy for more than a year is as much an attack on the judiciary as trying to expand it beyond nine members. I hope we would agree with this: Whether an independent judiciary is attacked by the executive or the legislative branches, we need to be equally dili-gent in repelling that attack. American diplomats work every day around the world trying to convince other societies of the virtues of the rule of law and the independent judici-ary, but the current blockade, unless corrected, suggests that we do not practice what we preach. By refusing to fill a naturally occurring vacancy, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.040 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2856 May 17, 2016 
we send the message that the rule of law and an independent judiciary are ultimately secondary to having a more favorable or a more compliant judici-ary, even when we have to weaken it to obtain what we want. I once lived in a country with a mili-tary dictatorship that held this view of the judiciary. The judiciary was not prized for its independence but instead was priced for its slavish obedience to a few in control of society. By refusing to fill a Supreme Court vacancy be-cause a partial and weakened Court is deemed more acceptable than a full and lawfully constituted Court, we move away from one of our best tradi-tions—to become more like legal sys-tems that we are working to change around the world every day. In doing so, we weaken the judiciary by leaving this vacancy that has already affected proceedings, we weaken the Executive by hobbling the constitutional power to fill dually constituted executive and judicial positions, but we also weaken the legislative body, which has that important duty of checking these nominees for fitness of character, and by doing it without even being willing to cast a vote, I think we hurt our own institutional credibility. In conclusion, I harken back to 1954. A matter of fundamental importance to our Nation was before the Supreme Court. The death of a Justice left an eight-member Court that had already shown it was deeply divided and likely unable to reach a ruling, but the Sen-ate did its job and filled the Court and the Court could then render a ruling that changed the course of American history for the better. We should learn from that history and do our job. Persisting with this current blockade and sending these possibly unintentional messages is deeply dangerous. The refusal to carry out the commands of the Constitution and the Judiciary Act of 1869, to abide by the Senate precedents, to fill a nat-urally occurring Supreme Court va-cancy, to offer the advice and consent that is part of a Senator’s job descrip-tion, and to entertain a well-qualified nominee—even for a hearing, much less a vote—will not be viewed favorably in the bright and objective light that his-tory will shine on all of our actions. We can fix this. If the Judiciary Com-mittee will hold a hearing, cast a vote, report Judge Garland to the floor, and then ensure that the Senate debates this nomination and holds a floor vote, we will uphold our responsibility. Judge Garland might be confirmed or he might be rejected, but in taking ac-tion—rather than mounting an unprec-edented blockade—we preserve the ability of each Senator to make the judgment about whether Judge Gar-land possesses the fit character nec-essary for this position. We act in ac-cordance with the Constitution and the Judiciary Act of 1869, we follow the traditional practices of the Senate— practices that have served us well, as the case of Brown v. Board of Edu-cation shows—and we cure the painful and dangerous message that is commu-nicated by the current blockade strat-egy. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Madam President, I rise to follow the eloquent remarks of my colleague from the State of Virginia and to remark upon 62 years—62 years since Brown v. Board was handed down by our Supreme Court; 62 days since Judge Merrick Garland was nominated by our President to fill a vital vacancy on our Nation’s highest Court. I wish to thank and commend my colleague, a very able attorney and someone who has argued cases passionately around a wide range of issues but none so much as civil rights. As Senator K
AINE rightly pointed out, the history of Brown v. Board is that a series of cases were brought to-gether from across several States—in-cluding his State of Virginia and my State of Delaware—gathered together and argued in front of the Supreme Court by Thurgood Marshall, then chief counsel of the NAACP, and ulti-mately decided in 1954. Initially, a di-vided Court was unable to render judg-ment because in the spring of 1953, Chief Justice Vinson had died, leaving the Court then in a similar situation as it is now—divided on a range of vital and important issues. The good Senator from Virginia has reminded us that our failure to act now—our failure to do our job and to follow the dictates of our Constitution, the ‘‘shall’’ language in article II, sec-tion 2—the failure of this body to offer any hearing or vote on this very capa-ble circuit court judge sends the wrong message, not just here within this country to our citizens but around the world. The Senator from Virginia spent time—and it changed his life and his perspective—in Central America as a younger man in a country where judi-cial independence was a fiction on paper. I, too, spent time in the 1980s in a country in Southern Africa known as South Africa, where this same legal system that existed here under Jim Crow existed there under the name of apartheid. It is to that country I go in just 2 weeks, with Congressman J
OHN L
EWIS of Georgia and with the children of Robert Kennedy, to commemorate the 50th anniversary of a speech given in Cape Town 50 years ago. It is a striking moment for us to re-flect on the importance and the power and the centrality of Brown v. Board in wiping away the dark stain of Plessy v. Ferguson, that obscene legal fiction rendered in 1896 that ‘‘separate but equal’’ allowed us to square the hor-rible distension of justice in our coun-try of a separation between the races with the words in our Constitution, the words above the Presiding Officer, the words above the entrance to our Su-preme Court, the words above the Pre-siding Officer’s desk in our Chamber, ‘‘E pluribus unum’’—from many, one— more importantly, the words above the Supreme Court entrance, ‘‘Equal Jus-tice Under Law.’’ We have these soaring words in our foundational documents and in our most important government buildings that suggest that we will ‘‘dispense jus-tice equally,’’ that we will be gathered from many differences in backgrounds into one. Yet the reality in this coun-try, for its initial decades, more than its initial century, was anything but. It was 62 years ago today that the Supreme Court of these United States issued a unanimous decision wiping Plessy v. Ferguson away. I rise briefly to comment that I grew up in a small town in Delaware known as Hockessin. It was a so-called ‘‘Col-ored’’ school in Hockessin that was the basis of one of these cases. There were actually two cases from Delaware: Belton v. Gebhart from Claymont, re-lated to the Claymont High School, and Bulah v. Gebhart, relating to the Hockessin Elementary School. In both cases, a famous lawyer from Delaware named Louis Redding took their cases to the Delaware courts. A brave judge, Judge Collins Seitz, rendered a judg-ment that found the discriminatory practices in the State of Delaware ille-gal. It was that case that was af-firmed—of the five gathered—in Brown v. Board. Although Delaware has a very trou-bled and checkered racial history, these cases are ones of which I and my constituents can justifiably be proud. Moments when the courts of this coun-try have stepped up and wiped the stain of racism and of legal segregation from our books are moments of which we can and should be proud. As my colleague from Virginia point-edly reminded us, for 62 days the in-credibly qualified and capable district court judge nominated by our current President has waited—waited for an answer from this body, waited for a hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, on which I serve, waited for a vote. In the century that there has been a Judiciary Committee of this body, every previous nominee who has not withdrawn has received a hearing, a vote, or both. What are we so afraid of in allowing this talented judge to come forward, to lay his views and his credentials and his experience before this body or a committee of this body? What is the concern? My colleague from Virginia has asked and I ask, what is the ani-mating concern that insists that for 62 or 63 or 64 or more days, Judge Garland must wait, throughout this entire year perhaps, into next year? How many cases will remain undecided by an equally divided Court due to our un-willingness or the unwillingness of many in this Chamber to do their job, to take up the challenge, to have a hearing, and to cast their vote? With that, I simply want to say that it is to me of grave concern that we have not acted as a body, that we have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.042 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2857 May 17, 2016 
not acted collectively to provide a path forward for this talented, capable judge. Many in this Chamber may find him not to be capable or qualified, but without a hearing, how would you know? He has submitted a full re-sponse—thousands of pages—to the questionnaire typically expected before the Judiciary Committee of any nomi-nee. His record is before us—abundant, voluminous. He has more experience than any previous nominee as a Fed-eral circuit court judge. What is the concern that would prevent us from moving forward? On this 62nd anniversary of the most important decision, in my view, in the history of the U.S. Supreme Court, Brown v. Board, I call on my colleagues to once again show the courage of Louis Redding, of Judge Seitz, of Jus-tice Warren, and of all of those who rendered central decisions in the his-tory of this country that allowed our Supreme Court to operate independent of political interference and capable of making real the promise above our Su-preme Court of ‘‘Equal Justice Under Law.’’ I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-dent, I am very honored and I feel very privileged to be a member of this body today as we commemorate the anniver-sary of Brown v. Board of Education. I thank my colleagues, the distinguished Senator from Delaware, and most espe-cially my very good friend and col-league from Virginia for his very elo-quent and powerful remarks and also for bringing us together in this col-loquy today. Sixty-two years ago on this day, the Supreme Court unanimously struck down as unconstitutional the segrega-tion of schools by race, declaring that ‘‘separate but unequal schools are in-herently unequal.’’ Today, that propo-sition seems so obvious as to be indis-putable and the fact of a unanimous Supreme Court seems inevitable, but it was hardly inevitable 62 years ago. It is a triumph and tribute to Amer-ican justice that it happened and that it happened at all given the staunch and implacable resistance that there was to that proposition 62 years ago. In fact, the Supreme Court courageously stepped forward to advance American justice and establish a milestone and reestablish the principle that it is en-shrined in our Constitution that every citizen is entitled to equal protection under law. The battle to upend years of racial and educational inequity remains un-finished today. If we emerge from this colloquy with any message, it must be that the work remains unfinished and there is so much more work to be done in the spirit and letter of the law. The culmination of decades-long work and strategy by innovative law-yers, community organizations orga-nizers, and other advocates of social change was that decision. It is a trib-ute to their work as well and a re-minder that individuals can make a difference in our system, can litigate to a successful conclusion, can advo-cate principles that are a matter of moral imperative. It took an act of the Supreme Court, of an independent judi-ciary, to declare educational segrega-tion unconstitutional and integration the law of the land. As a law clerk on the U.S. Supreme Court in the 1974–1975 term, working for Justice Harry Blackmun, I had the chance to watch arguments, some of them on pressing issues of the time, but also to talk with some of the Jus-tices who watched or even participated in the Brown decision, including Jus-tice Thurgood Marshall, the chief coun-sel for the plaintiffs in Brown. Anybody who thinks that decision was inevitable should talk to some of the lawyers who were involved in the litigation and who eventually advanced it to the Supreme Court and to its suc-cessful conclusion and read the history of the controversy within the Court and the internal debate that took place about the proper role of the Court and the principles to be applied. It was far from inevitable. But it also shows how the branches of government, working together and collaboratively advancing justice in America, are important to the fundamental dynamic of our con-stitutional system. The Brown decision took enforce-ment. President Dwight Eisenhower led that effort in one of the toughest tests in the massive protest in Little Rock, AR, just 3 years after Brown. Ten years after Brown, Congress ex-panded the logic of this great decision to pass the Civil Rights Act of 1964 making segregation in public places like restaurants illegal as well. Reading and reviewing the dynamics of the Court at the time, one wonders what would have happened if there had been only eight members. How history might have been different. Justice might have been delayed and perhaps history changed for the far worse, jus-tice denied as a result of that delay. The group of Justices who unani-mously issued the decision was no in-tellectual monolith; they were mem-bers nominated to the Court by Presi-dents Roosevelt, Truman, and Eisen-hower. Before the Court came an issue of major significance, which they came together to evaluate on principles of law that we all share, that discrimina-tion is invidious and intolerable and violations of the Constitution will be held unacceptable in the Court. Today, congressional Republicans, very frankly, hamper the ability of the Supreme Court to answer important legal questions of our time by refusing to hold even a hearing or a vote for Judge Merrick Garland. Their doing so has left the bench of the Supreme Court with only eight Justices. That lack of a ninth Justice diminishes and in many respects even disables the Court, as we saw just yesterday in a de-cision that might well have been de-cided otherwise if there had been nine Justices to give a majority to one point of view or another. Justice Scalia warned against this very issue, stating that ‘‘eight justices raise the possibility that, by reason of a tie vote, [the Court] will find itself unable to resolve the significant legal issue presented by the case. . . . Even one unnecessary recusal impairs the functioning of the Court.’’ Justice Scalia’s foresight was pre-scient. In two recent cases, even before the one yesterday, the Court dead-locked, unable to reach a definitive pronouncement on the law, because of a 4-to-4 tie. Unnecessary circuit splits cause uncertainty, which in turn ham-pers the activities of ordinary citizens, of small businesses wondering what rules will apply to them, whether it is banking rules or investment regula-tions, hampering their ability to plan and create jobs. The Washington Post recently re-ported that the Court’s acceptance of new cases has slowed significantly, leaving crucial unresolved legal ques-tions without definitive answers. That is not how our system is supposed to work. That is not how the Founders saw it. That is not how the Supreme Court could resolve the Brown v. Board of Education challenge. The Supreme Court must have a full complement of Justices to effectively address these complex, challenging, urgent issues faced by our Nation today. I reject the notion that the Senate’s refusal to act, as laid out in no uncer-tain terms by our Republican col-leagues, fulfills our constitutional obli-gation. It is our obligation to advise and consent on the President’s nomi-nee. We ‘‘shall’’ do so. That is the con-stitutional mandate—not when it is po-litically convenient, not when we think it is advantageous, but when the Presi-dent nominates, whoever the President is, whether it is President Eisenhower nominating Earl Warren or Presidents Truman and Roosevelt, who nominated other Justices on the Supreme Court who decided Brown v. Board of Edu-cation. We cannot afford to weaken the Fed-eral judiciary’s credibility, the trust and confidence of the American people in the authority of our judiciary. Its authority depends on it being above politics. Alas, what the Senate is doing is dragging the U.S. Supreme Court into the muck of partisan bickering. Brown v. Board of Education became the law of the land because of the U.S. Supreme Court’s credibility. The Su-preme Court had no police force to en-force it. It had no armies or mandatory physical force. It had its credibility and its authority, its moral authority because it was above politics in the minds of most Americans. That is the reason President Eisenhower was able to do what he succeeded in enforcing at Little Rock and the Presidents after-ward have done similarly. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.044 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2858 May 17, 2016 
Most importantly, I hope we all take time today to reflect on the impor-tance of the Brown decision and recog-nize the grit and courage of the men and women who fought to end school segregation only 62 years ago. The best way of honoring their legacy is to do our job and our duty constitutionally, to fulfill that duty and their legacy by considering Judge Garland’s nomina-tion without further delay. I yield the floor and recognize my distinguished colleague from New Jer-sey. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. A
YOTTE ). The Senator from New Jer-sey. Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, I rise to discuss—along with my friends and colleagues on the Senate floor— what is a momentous anniversary for our country, the 62nd anniversary of the Brown v. Board of Education deci-sion, its legacy, and the work that still remains before us. I thank my colleagues for standing and speaking on this anniversary and understanding that it was 62 years ago today the Supreme Court unanimously affirmed that separate could never be equal, that under the law—at the very least—every child born in America, re-gardless of the color of their skin, had the right to pursue a quality edu-cation. The Court found that separate schooling of children based on their race was in direct violation of the 14th amendment of the Constitution. The Court’s finding is perhaps best summa-rized by this excerpt from Justice War-ren’s opinion when he said: 
We come then to the question presented: Does segregation of children in public schools solely on the basis of race, even though the physical facilities and other ‘‘tangible’’ factors may be equal, deprive the children of the minority group of equal edu-cational opportunities? We believe that it does. 
Those were historical words. This not only made clear at the time that the deep and profound illegality of segrega-tion was real, but it set a legal stand-ard for generations in posterity that reflects our deepest held American val-ues, that we as a nation believe in equality. We as a nation believe in our interdependency to one another. In the decades since the Brown rul-ing, the implementation of the Court’s decision has contributed to a lot of progress. Frankly, I stand here today because of the progress and momentum that was exhibited by that decision. Right before Brown v. Board of Edu-cation, only about one in seven African Americans, then compared with more than one in three Whites, held a high school degree. Today we have come so far the Cen-sus Bureau reports that 87 percent of Black adults have a high school degree, nearly equal to that of Whites, which are at 89 percent. Before Brown, only about 1 in 40 Blacks earned a college degree. Now, more than one in five Black students are going to college. This is extraordinary progress we have seen in our country, something we should all celebrate. Under the law, at the very least, the Supreme Court clearly affirmed all Americans’ right to a quality edu-cation and in doing so affirmed equal value, dignity, and worth of our kids. However, it is also worth reflecting on the anniversary of Brown that our Nation has struggled to live up to these standards in full. Brown advanced a civil rights movement that helped de-segregate many parts of American soci-ety, but we still have work to do. Let us take this anniversary to recognize not just our progress, to celebrate not just that milestone, but to understand that the work of equality, the work of recognizing the value, the worth, and how much we need each other as a community still goes on. In fact, just yesterday, six decades after the Supreme Court in Brown struck down the doctrine of ‘‘separate but equal,’’ a Federal judge ruled that a school district in Mississippi was con-tinuing to operate a segregated, dual secondary school system: one set of schools for Whites and one set of schools for Blacks. Across the country right now, about 40 percent of Black and Latino stu-dents attend intensely segregated schools—meaning more than 90 percent minority student body—and White stu-dents are similarly segregated from their peers of color. Only 14 percent of Whites attend schools that one would consider multicultural, multiracial, and reflecting the diversity of our country, and too many of our schools continue to fall short of our low-in-come and minority students. In other words, too many of our students of color and of low-income students are concentrated in poor-performing schools. More than 1.1 million American stu-dents are attending over 1,200 high schools in our Nation that fail to grad-uate one-third of their students. To me, this is an outrage. It is an immoral affront to whom we are. We still have work to do. Our Nation is still struggling to live up to the ideals and, indeed, the judi-cial standards set by Brown in the realm of education in many ways be-cause of our failure to live up to this standard in so many other areas of our American life. There still exists, in the words of Dr. Martin Luther King, that ‘‘Other America.’’ Dr. King spoke of this in the year before I was born—in 1968—about the ‘‘Other America.’’ He spoke of the duality that persisted, the disparities in housing, education, employment, and in income. He spoke of what he re-ferred to very pointedly as the myth of time, the misguided idea that only time can solve the problem of racial in-justice, the idea that things will work out for themselves. As happy as I am about the progress we have made as a country, I have to say that we still have so much work to do almost 50 years after King spoke those words. Time has not solved the problem. There remain challenges in our country. This duality is more sub-tle in some ways than it was in 1954, but there still exists injustice in Amer-ica. From housing to education, de facto segregation along socioeconomic and racial lines has blended together, in many ways replacing what was then de jure segregation. Census data has shown that residen-tial segregation by race has declined very slowly but that Whites still live largely in neighborhoods with low mi-nority density. People of color still live in neighborhoods with high minority density. Many of these neighborhoods were designed through policies that were discriminatory against minori-ties. We still are seeing the legacies of those policies from redlining to FHA policies, to HUD policies that were de-signed to create segregation. The leg-acy of that still exists in segregated neighborhoods today. While poverty rates among African Americans has fallen over the past half century—something we should be proud of—Black poverty rates are still more than double that of Whites. That means the same for kids today. Chil-dren of color are often twice as likely to be poor as White children. In fact, one out of the three Hispanic children growing up today are growing up in poverty. One in six African-Amer-ican children live in what is called ex-treme poverty on less than $8 a day. This is not who we are as a nation. Our children are our greatest natural resource. In a global, knowledge-based economy, when we are competing against other nations from Germany to Japan, in this kind of economy, the most valuable natural resource a na-tion has is not oil or coal or gas, it is the genius of our children. Many people think Brown was about achieving greater justice for Black peo-ple, but what we really understand—es-pecially in retrospect—as we see Afri-can Americans now contributing in every area of life, the reality is this was about bringing justice to all of America. Brown was saying that, hey, we as a country cannot stand if we are apart because a house divided does fall. Brown was saying the truth is, we do better when we are together, like the old African saying that says: If you want to go fast, go alone. But if you want to go far, go together—because we as a country need each other. It is like those words on the Jefferson Me-morial, written in our Declaration of Independence, when we knew—to make this country work—we needed one an-other, so much so that those Founders pledged to each other their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor. In this competitive nature, we can-not afford to waste things. Worse than the gulf coast oilspill, we are wasting the potential of our children when we leave so many floundering in poverty and lack of educational opportunities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.046 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2859 May 17, 2016 
Children growing up in poverty right now have dramatically negative life outcomes compared to people who are not growing up in poverty. In fact, right now in America, where 20 percent of children live in poverty, only 9 out of every 100 kids born in poverty will make it to college, often an index of being able to be successful, manifesting your genius, finding greater ways to contribute to the whole. We have work to do. In particular, we have work to do in an area that drives so much of the injustice in our coun-try. One of the great ways we are see-ing injustice in my generation that was not the case in my parents’ generation, that was not a reality in the 1950s, has been the criminal justice system. Something has happened and exploded. Injustice in our country is growing like a cancer on the soul of our country. The same Supreme Court where that great case was decided, where written above the wall is ‘‘Equal Justice Under Law,’’ we now see a nation that has a criminal justice system that is not af-fording equal justice to all Americans. Unfortunately, we see that often fall-ing among racial lines. We have this explosive drug war, which has not been a War on Drugs, but it has been a war on people, particularly the most vul-nerable people in our society, from peo-ple who are addicted to substances, from people who have mental illnesses, from people who are poor, and, yes, dis-proportionately directed toward mi-norities. We now see a criminal justice system where we know, based upon data anal-ysis, there is no difference between Blacks and Whites in usage of drugs. In fact, there is no difference in selling drugs between Blacks and Whites, but the reality is, if you are African Amer-ican in this country, you are 3.7 times more likely to be arrested for those drug crimes. If you are churned into the criminal justice system as a result of those ar-rests, just one arrest for a nonviolent drug offense—something that the last two Presidents have admitted to doing—and you are arrested for that, then you find yourself in a world where, as the American Bar Associa-tion says, you have literally 40,000-plus collateral consequences, where you find it exceptionally difficult to find em-ployment when you finish with your sentence. You find it incredibly dif-ficult to get a loan to perhaps start a business, to even attempt to get a busi-ness license or a Pell grant. If you can’t feed yourself, in many cases, you find it hard to even get food stamps or to find public housing assistance. We now live in a nation where we have so overincarcerated dispropor-tionately some areas of our country, that today 1 in 13 Africa Americans are prevented by law from even voting. They have lost their right to vote be-cause of a felony conviction. In some States, the overincarceration for drug crimes is so great that we see, in places such as Florida, that one out of every five African Americans has lost their right to vote. This isn’t just affecting those people who are churned into the system, it is affecting their children as well. Today in America, one in nine Black kids are growing up with a parent be-hind bars, which means it affects their financial well-being and it affects their ability to rise up out of poverty be-cause they are being thrust down into it. In fact, a recent study has shown that we as a country—as a whole— would have 20 percent less poverty if we had incarceration rates similar to those in other industrial nations. So here we celebrate the anniversary of this momentous decision that took a huge step for our Nation in the march toward justice and equality, but be-cause of staggering injustices like we see in our broken criminal justice sys-tem, kids often struggle more in school and are poorer and have fewer opportu-nities for success. So 62 years after Brown, we know our schools don’t exist in vacuums. They exist because of the communities around them. When communities of privilege have the same amount of vio-lations of drug crimes as communities of poverty, yet the communities of pov-erty experience a criminal justice sys-tem that has so much more incarcer-ation, we are often condemning chil-dren to having greater hills to climb and greater mountains of injustice in front of them. I stand here on this day to celebrate so much this great decision but also to remind us that we have work to do in this country until we can begin to live up to this ideal of patriotism, which is love of country and which to me neces-sitates that we love each other. We don’t always have to agree with one other. We don’t always have to get along. But we have to recognize that every one of us in this Nation has value, has worth. We need each other, and we need our children to do well be-cause if my neighbor’s child loses, I lose. If they go to prison, I pay. But if they succeed—if they become a teach-er, an artist, a biologist, an inventor, a businesswoman—then they contribute to this country and my children benefit because your children succeeded. That is the story of America. We cannot afford to leave people be-hind as we, as a nation, strive for ex-cellence and greatness. We cannot be a nation that is truly reaching its poten-tial if we are wasting so much of that potential on the sidelines. I would be remiss if I did not also speak to a process issue. While we are still working to fulfill the vision of Brown, it is more urgent now than ever that we have a fully functioning Su-preme Court. We were fortunate to have had a functioning Supreme Court in 1954. There were nine Justices doing their job, a President willing to do his job, and a Senate—all working in a time of great tumultuous change in our Nation. People were focused and stead-fast—in both parties—toward creating greater justice. With people in their seats, in their jobs, I have faith in America and in our ability to get it right. We need to make sure that today we give every opportunity to get the job done, to do the work that is necessary. It is important that we fill positions and vacancies, and the one on the Su-preme Court now is clearly needed. So today is an important day of re-membrance, but history shows that we cannot simply get stuck applauding our past. The glory and greatness of ancestry is truly worthy of our rev-erence. But if we are to honor those who struggled before, if we are to honor those milestones, if we are to celebrate the history that shows us at our best when we came together— Black American, White American, Latino American, Indian American, Asian American—if we are to celebrate those great days of the past, we must celebrate them not just with cheers and remembrances but by redoubling our work in accordance with those val-ues. We must have a sense of urgency. Time is not neutral. We must use it. We cannot just count the great days of the past. We must make this day count as we continue the work of our Nation, as we continue to be the country that we say we are—a nation of liberty and justice for all. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. 
HONORING POLICE DETECTIVE BRAD LANCASTER  
Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I rise this afternoon in the middle of this de-bate on an appropriations bill because of the timing of a tragedy in our State and the reality that this is a week of importance to reflect upon what hap-pened in Kansas just a few days ago. I wish to honor the life of Police De-tective Brad Lancaster. He was a mem-ber of the Kansas City, Kansas Police Department, and he was killed in the line of duty. On May 9 of this year, De-tective Lancaster joined Kansas City, KS, patrol officers in responding to a call about a suspicious person. When law enforcement arrived, the sus-picious person fled into a field where Detective Lancaster exchanged gunfire and was hit twice. Unfortunately, ulti-mately, he died from his injuries. Detective Lancaster gave his life to keep his community safe, and he de-serves our highest respect and appre-ciation, our love and care for his fam-ily, for his service, and for his sacrifice. His friends, family, and neighbors re-member Brad Lancaster’s commitment to his community and its extension be-yond his 9 years of service to the Kan-sas City, Kansas Police Department. Before joining the police department, Brad served in the U.S. Air Force and completed two tours of duty abroad, in-cluding one in Kuwait during Desert Shield. Neighbors say Brad was a fam-ily man and one who was always there to offer a helping hand. Detective Lancaster is survived by his wife Jamie and two daughters, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.047 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2860 May 17, 2016 
Brianna and Jillian. I join the Kansas City community and law enforcement agencies across the country in our prayers for Detective Lancaster and his family as we mourn his death. This tragic loss occurred just prior to National Police Week, a time in which we celebrate those who leave their homes and families each day and put their lives on the line to keep our neighborhoods safe. So today, during this National Police Week, and espe-cially in the wake of this tragic death in Kansas City, I wish to express my sincere thanks and appreciation to American law enforcement officers and their families and to thank them for working tirelessly amid dangerous con-ditions for the sake of others and for upholding the law and for the burdens they shoulder and the sacrifices they make on a daily basis. We owe so much to these everyday heroes. Law enforcement officers perform some of the most difficult and haz-ardous jobs in America. A routine traf-fic stop can turn into deadly gunfire, a shootout without warning. Members of this legislative body and communities across America alike must do every-thing we possibly can to prioritize and protect the lives of those who protect us. Federally, efforts like the Justice As-sistance Grant Program and the bullet-proof vest grant program help enhance the safety of our law enforcement offi-cers, and Congress’s continued support of these efforts is important. This body passed the Fallen Heroes Flag Act, which was signed into law on Monday. This week, I hope the Senate will unanimously adopt a resolution to ex-press appreciation to the police officers and honor each of the 123 who were killed in the line of duty last year. Support and appreciation for law en-forcement must be delivered not only in the communities where officers have been killed but to every officer every day. When we as Americans commit to the safety, training, and support of law enforcement, we can help to secure our streets, strengthen our communities, and, hopefully, reduce the number of deaths in the line of duty. May Kansas City, KS, police detec-tive Brad Lancaster and each of those fallen heroes rest in peace. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF ERIC FANNING  
Mr. M CCAIN. Madam President, I am here with my good friend from Kansas and dedicated Member of the U.S. Sen-ate—an expert on national security, a person who has served with honor in the U.S. Marine Corps, and has served in this body and in the other body hon-orably in positions of responsibility. Where we may have had a disagree-ment, my friend has shown he is a man of conviction regarding the detainees from Guantanamo coming to the United States of America. But he also understands fully the importance of the position of the Secretary of the Army. Senator ROBERTS and I have worked closely together on this year’s Defense Authorization Act to ensure the ad-ministration does not have the author-ity to release or transfer detainees on the mainland. Unfortunately, the ad-ministration has failed for over 7 years to present a substantive plan on how they intend to close Guantanamo Bay, to me, to the Congress, to my col-leagues, or the American people. Thanks to Senator R
OBERTS ’ efforts, this year’s bill extends the prohibition to any reprogramming request to transfer or release detainees. These provisions confirm that President Obama will not be able to move detain-ees to the mainland of the United States of America in the coming year. I want to point out that I understand Senator R
OBERTS ’ emphasis and value that he places on Fort Leavenworth. Fort Leavenworth is the intellectual center of the United States Army. This is where General David Petraeus spent 2 years developing strategy for the surge—at Fort Leavenworth. This is where the up-and-coming leaders of the U.S. Army—and other services as well, but primarily the U.S. Army—go to get their training, their intellect, and their ability to lead. So I can fully under-stand why my friend from Kansas would be adamantly opposed to the transfer of detainees to Fort Leaven-worth, which would change the com-plexion and the makeup of that very important place in the past, present, and future of the U.S. Army. So I thank my colleague from Kansas for his agreement today. I would ask him to say a few words before I ask consent that this nomination be con-sidered. Again, I appreciate my old friend whose passion, whose commitment to the people of Kansas is without equal— which also accounts for the fact that they have sent him here to represent them on several occasions. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Madam President, I thank my colleague and my good friend from Arizona for enabling me to make a few remarks to address the nomina-tion of Mr. Eric Fanning to serve as Secretary of the Army. I have pledged to the people of Kan-sas that I would do everything in my power to stop President Obama from moving terrorist detainees to Fort Leavenworth, KS. The Senator from Arizona has certainly described the sit-uation very well: It is the intellectual center of the Army. I believe today that I can tell Kansans that the threat from this administration will go unfulfilled. Last week, in a private meeting with Deputy Defense Secretary Robert Work, I received the assurances I need-ed to hear to release my vote on Mr. Fanning. Make no mistake. I think President Obama’s threat to act by Ex-ecutive order still remains. However, Secretary Work has assured me that, as the individual charged with exe-cuting a movement of detainees to the mainland, he would be unable to fulfill such an order before the close of this administration. Practically speaking, the clock has run out for the President. As I have stated on this floor and to my good friend and colleague, the dis-tinguished Senator from Arizona, my issue has never been—let me make this very clear—with Mr. Fanning’s char-acter, his courage, or his capability. He will be a tremendous leader as Army Secretary and will do great by our sol-diers at Fort Leavenworth, Fort Riley, and—let me emphasize—every soldier serving our Nation today. I just talked to Mr. Fanning this afternoon and let him know I was re-leasing this hold and wished him good luck on his speech to the graduates of West Point. I look forward to voting for Mr. Fanning, who has always had my support for this position. I am happy to support his nomina-tion today with these new assurances from the administration and from the chairman and ranking member of the Senate Armed Services Committee to work with me to strengthen provisions on funding for the transfer of detainees to the mainland in this year’s National Defense Authorization Act. I have worked closely with Chairman M
CCAIN and Ranking Member R
EED. I look for-ward to completing work on an author-izing bill shortly. Additionally, the Senate Appropriations Committee is committed to prohibiting funding for construction or modification to any fa-cility in the United States for the pur-pose of housing detainees in this year’s MILCON funding bill currently on the floor. With the clock running down on the last months of the Obama administra-tion, it is increasingly improbable that this administration could bring high- value terrorists and their associated risks to an American community like Fort Leavenworth, KS. The bottom line is this: We have run out the clock, and Congress looks to prohibit this administration from mov-ing detainees to the mainland at every turn. As the Secretary of Defense and the Attorney General have testified be-fore Congress, moving detainees to the mainland is prohibited by law and will remain so through the end of this President’s term. I again thank my friend and my col-league, Senator M
CCAIN, for working 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:24 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.048 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2861 May 17, 2016 
with me to work this out. My con-gratulations to Secretary Eric Fan-ning—Army Secretary Eric Fanning. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I again thank my old friend from Kansas for his agreement to move forward. I look forward to continuing our long, many years’ effort together to keep this Nation safe. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nomination: Cal-endar No. 477 only, with no other exec-utive business in order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Eric K. Fanning, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be Secretary of the Army. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I know of no further debate on the nomi-nation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any further debate? Hearing none, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Fanning nomination? The nomination was confirmed. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016—Continued 
AMENDMENT NO . 3897 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I rise today to speak in opposition to the Lee amendment No. 3897. I wish to take a moment to thank Senator COLLINS and Senator J
ACK REED for their terrific work on this bill and for how they teamed up to manage this bill in pretty much the right way. With this legislation, we are making critical investments in our transpor-tation, housing, and community devel-opment programs. In this country today, one in four families who rent spend more than half of their income on housing. We have been taught from young adulthood on that you shouldn’t spend more than 25, 30, or 35 percent at the most on house payments or rent, yet one-fourth of Americans are spend-ing more than half of their income on housing. I recently read the book ‘‘Evicted’’ by Matthew Desmond. In that book, one renter was quoted as saying that when her paycheck came in, her rent eats first. She had kids who were hun-gry. She had bus tokens to buy so she could get to work. With all of the chal-lenges she had, she said: My rent eats first. We know what that means. In housing, whether it is in rural Maine or whether it is in urban or rural Ohio, we know that rental prices have continued to go up and up. Evic-tions are so much more common than they were a decade or, especially, two decades ago. That has to change, and it makes clear why we need to maintain our existing affordable housing re-sources. This bill focuses on improving the quality of federally assisted houses and removing lead paint hazards from homes. We know the effect that has on us. We learned from Flint about water, but we know an even bigger problem is lead in paint. In 2007, in the city that I call home, the city of Cleveland—the ZIP Code I live in, 44105—there were more foreclosures in my ZIP Code than any ZIP Code in the United States. We also know in cities like Cleveland and rural areas like Appalachia, where most of the housing stock is World War II or older, almost all of that housing stock has toxic levels of lead paint. The bill pays particular attention to transit safety. The Banking Committee oversees transit. Senator M
IKULSKI has worked with Senator S
HELBY and me, as well as our colleagues representing the local area—Senators W
ARNER , C
ARDIN , and K AINE—to make sure the FTA has the resources needed to over-see the Washington Metro. It is some-thing we have neglected for decades. I wish to thank my colleagues for working with us to ensure that young foster care alumni don’t have to choose between getting the education they need to be self-sufficient and having a roof over their heads. I wish more funds were available for these impor-tant investments—particularly, addi-tional funding to address family home-lessness. But I thank my colleagues for their work within the subcommittee’s funding constraints and their attention to these critical issues. I especially thank the chair, S
USAN COLLINS , for that. Unfortunately, Senator LEE’s amend-ment will undermine some of the good we are doing with this legislation. It will prohibit the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development from car-rying out a key component of the Fair Housing Act of 1968. When Congress passed that bill in the wake of the as-sassination of Martin Luther King, Jr., it made housing discrimination illegal in every State in the Nation for the first time. For generations, redlining, restric-tive covenants, and outright discrimi-nation kept families of color locked out of entire neighborhoods and cre-ated segregated communities that lin-ger to this day. These were tools of ra-cial oppression as well as economic op-pression, and in far too many cases, they went hand in hand. The Fair Housing Act made these despicable practices illegal everywhere. Congress included another important component in the Fair Housing Act: a requirement that HUD and its grantees administer their federal housing and urban development grants in a way that would affirmatively further fair housing. State and local governments and public housing authorities were re-quired to use their Federal funds in ways that would reverse, rather than reinforce, segregation in these commu-nities. But today, the outlines of dec-ades-old discrimination are still too visible. I listened to a preacher on Martin Luther King Day on a cold Cleveland January morning 2
1⁄2years ago. He said something we all know but don’t think enough about: Life expectancy is con-nected to your ZIP Code. Whether you grow up on the east side of Cleveland, whether you grow up in a wealthy sub-urb, whether you grow up in Appa-lachia, whether you grow up in a pros-perous small town, your ZIP Code de-termines whether you have access to good health care, to quality education, to social support necessary to succeed. When where you live matters this much, we all have a moral obligation to ensure that families can live in the neighborhoods of their choice and to ensure that communities are creating opportunity in every ZIP Code. Unfor-tunately, in the 50 years since our country passed the Fair Housing Act, HUD has not provided enough direction to help communities meet this goal. A 2010 GAO report recommended that HUD take action to improve its process for meeting its obligations, including three things: establishing standards and a format for grantees to follow, re-quiring grantees to establish time-frames for implementing their plans, and requiring grantees to submit their analyses to HUD for review. HUD developed a new rule that will finally help local governments across the country support and foster fair housing policies that create vibrant and integrated communities. This rule was developed through a 2-year public process. Twelve of my colleagues and I urged Secretary Castro to develop a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.049 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2862 May 17, 2016 
strong rule after considering comments from stakeholders. Senator L
EE’s amendment would stop HUD from responding to those GAO recommendations. The updated rule will give communities the clarity and the tools they need to meet their obli-gations and fulfill this duty that this Senate has supported in a bipartisan way for going on five decades now. Some of the questions communities will ask during these assessments may demand that they think in new ways about how to create housing opportuni-ties for all the residents, regardless of race, religion, disability, or the size of their families. These are the types of questions this body told the country to ask when it enacted the Fair Housing Act in 1968. We need to invest Federal resources in ways that provide access to oppor-tunity to all citizens in every ZIP Code. I urge my colleagues to vote no on the Lee amendment. 
INVICTUS GAMES  
Madam President, last week athletes from around the world traveled to Or-lando to compete in the second Invictus Games. Like all athletes, they participate for many reasons—camara-derie, personal discipline, the joy of the game. But the Invictus competitors are so much more: They are veterans who fought for our country and our al-lies and were wounded or suffered men-tal injuries in service to a cause great-er than themselves. The games were founded in 2014 by England’s Prince Harry to bring Ac-tive-Duty servicemembers and vet-erans together to compete in an inter-national sporting event and to recog-nize their achievements. These warrior athletes have already given so much for our country. They have seen the horrors of combat, spent months and years away from their families, and suffered injuries, both visible and not so visible. They have been changed for-ever by the realities of war but, as Invictus shows, they have not been de-feated. The name of the games comes from the poem of the same name by the 19th century British poet William Ernest Henley. ‘‘Invictus’’ means ‘‘uncon-quered.’’ On a personal note, ‘‘Invictus’’ was my father’s favorite poem, which we shared at his funeral. I became even more interested in these games because it means ‘‘unconquered.’’ Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  the poem ‘‘Invictus’’ by William Ernest Henley. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
‘‘INVICTUS ’’ 
(By William Ernest Henley) 
Out of the night that covers me, Black as the pit from pole to pole, I thank whatever gods may be For my unconquerable soul. In the fell clutch of circumstance I have not winced nor cried aloud. Under the bludgeonings of chance My head is bloody, but unbowed. Beyond this place of wrath and tears Looms but the Horror of the shade, And yet the menace of the years Finds and shall find me unafraid. It matters not how strait the gate, How charged with punishments the scroll, I am the master of my fate, I am the captain of my soul. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, the words of ‘‘Invictus’’ have inspired men and women for generations, and the spirit is alive in the athletes who rep-resented their countries in Orlando. Three people from my State com-peted on the U.S. team. Army CPT Kelly Elmlinger is a mother, cancer survivor, and fierce competitor who grew up in Attica in Seneca County, which is in my part of the State. She brought home the gold for our country in the women’s 400-meter dash. Team USA included Brian McPher-son, a Marine Corps sergeant from Nashport, just east of Columbus. Ser-geant McPherson has battled a trau-matic brain injury sustained while de-ployed in Iraq when a suicide bomber walked into his unit. He competed in track and field and cycle competitions. He said: 
I am a son, brother, uncle, professional, Marine, and athlete who proudly stands be-fore you after being ravaged by war. I was and am changed from these events but they lead me to what I now consider a greater path. Those times have taught me much about myself, while giving me the additional skills to leave the Marines and integrate back into society. 
Competitions like this have been so important to that journey. He said: 
Adaptive sports gave me the strength to be an example for fellow servicemembers, civil-ians, and myself. I learned of a passion I didn’t know existed deep within me. Sports have given me an outlet and time to sort through my thoughts and emotions. 
Lastly, Stephen Miller, a retired Navy officer from Cleveland, competed in indoor rowing in Orlando. He said: 
Training helps to remind me that I am part of a team and family. I get to share the experiences, recovery and memories not only with US athletes, but also with our allies and comrades. 
He, Sergeant McPherson, Captain Elmlinger, and all of the Invictus com-petitors embody William Ernest Henley’s words: 
It matters not how strait the gate, How charged with punishments the scroll, I am the master of my fate, I am the captain of my soul. 
These athletes have mastered fate on the battlefield, the sports field, and have overcome more trials than almost any of us could imagine. Their perse-verance serves as a testament to the power of the human spirit. It isn’t sym-pathy or charity that we owe these he-roes; we owe them gratitude, respect, and the opportunity to live a life that befits their service and sacrifice for our great Nation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. AMENDMENT NO . 3900, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I want to speak in support of the Blunt-Murray- Graham-Leahy amendment, which pro-vides $1.1 billion in emergency funding to combat the Zika virus. The map of the United States beside me beside me shows the Centers for Disease Control’s estimate of the range of the two types of mosquito that may spread Zika. As you can see, this public health emergency is not in some far-off land. It could easily end up in the backyards of tens of millions of Ameri-cans. Before I discuss the pending bill I want to mention that earlier this after-noon I voted for the Nelson-Rubio Zika supplemental, which would have pro-vided the full $1.9 billion requested by the President months ago. It is mystifying to me that Repub-licans voted to defeat that amendment, considering that Zika is spreading fast-er and in more ways than predicted when the President first requested those funds. The excuse we have heard for months, particularly from House Republican leaders, is that they don’t have enough information about the proposed uses of the funds. Have they bothered to attend any of the briefings, or if briefings weren’t enough, to pick up the phone and call the head of the CDC, or the Director of the National Institute of Health, or any of the other experts who have been sounding alarm bells since last year? In a little over a year the Zika virus has spread from Brazil to almost every country and territory in this hemi-sphere. There is no question that it is spreading faster and is more dangerous than was anticipated just a few months ago. As this map shows, more than half the continental United States, includ-ing my own state of Vermont, is now projected to be within the range of Zika carrying mosquitos. The virus can have devastating consequences for many of those who become infected, particularly children. We need to act, and if there is one area where politi-cians should not second guess the med-ical experts, it is how to respond to public health emergencies. So what did the House of Representa-tives do? First, they don’t treat the Zika crisis as an emergency, even though it has spread to 36 countries and territories in this hemisphere and has been declared a public health emer-gency by the World Health Organiza-tion. The House bill, introduced yesterday, would cut the amount requested by more than two-thirds, rob from other programs like the funds to combat Ebola, and limit the availability of Zika funds to the remaining 4 months of this fiscal year. More than half a bil-lion dollars in Ebola funds have al-ready been reprogrammed to combat Zika because it would have been irre-sponsible for the administration to wait any longer while Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.063 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2863 May 17, 2016 
failed to act as the mosquitoes came north. But Ebola remains a deadly threat. Cases of Ebola continue to be confirmed in West Africa, and we have seen how one Ebola case today can be-come a dozen cases tomorrow and a hundred cases the next day. How quick-ly people here forget the fear that gripped this country after a single Ebola-related death in Texas 2 years ago. The funds we appropriated to com-bat Ebola are being put to good use, in-cluding to strengthen the capacity of African countries to respond to future outbreaks of Ebola or something even worse. The emergency funding in this bill includes $258 million for the Depart-ment of State and USAID to combat Zika in Latin America and the Carib-bean. These funds will support efforts to control the spread of Zika and other insect-borne diseases, including to pro-tect maternal health, expand public education on prevention, and encour-age private sector research for the de-velopment of vaccines and diagnostics. These funds will provide contributions to international organizations, includ-ing the World Health Organization and the Pan American Health Organiza-tion, to reduce the impact of the dis-ease on infants and their families, and accelerate diagnosis. Funds are also in-cluded for Department of State and USAID operations to implement pro-grams in the field, and provide medical support for U.S. citizens, State Depart-ment, USAID, and other Federal Gov-ernment employees stationed overseas. If the Zika virus is not controlled in Latin America and the Caribbean, a year from now, it will likely be worse than projected and more costly to con-trol. And if we continue to rob Ebola funds, which are being used for the pur-poses Congress intended, we simply shift the risk from one life-threatening disease to another. That makes no sense at all. If there is one thing on which Repub-licans and Democrats, House and Sen-ate, should agree it is doing whatever is necessary to protect the American people from dangerous, contagious dis-eases. It is past time for us to act, and I urge all Senators to support the Blunt-Murray-Graham-Leahy amend-ment. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from New Hampshire. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I rise today in recognition of National Police Week to honor and thank the men and women in uniform, law enforcement of-ficers in our great State of New Hamp-shire who do a phenomenal job every single day keeping us safe. When I worked as attorney general, I was honored to work directly with our law enforcement officers at every level in our State. We have the very finest law enforcement officers in the State of New Hampshire. During this week, I want to thank them for every single thing they have done under the dif-ficult circumstances they face every day in order to make sure our commu-nities are safe in the State of New Hampshire. Tragically, just last week we had an example of the dangers our police offi-cers face every single day when two Manchester police officers were shot in the line of duty early Friday morning. Early Friday morning, Officer Ryan Hardy encountered a situation on Sec-ond Street, where he noticed the de-scription of someone who had robbed a gas station the night before. As he was approaching this individual, Officer Hardy was shot multiple times at close range. The individual fled, and then this suspect fired into a group of police officers, and when he did that, he un-fortunately also shot Officer Matthew O’Connor in the leg. Both of these po-lice officers acted with great heroism, tenacity, and courage in the work they do every single day on the streets of Manchester. All of the police officers who responded that day did a phe-nomenal job, but that is an example of what our police officers are facing on a daily basis. They don’t know whether the next stop they make of someone is going to go bad. Unfortunately, early on Friday morning, it did go bad. We are so grateful for their service, for the service of Officer Hardy and the service of Officer O’Connor. We are grateful and blessed that despite sig-nificant injuries, they are doing OK and they did not get killed in the line of duty. I just want to say to them, I want to say to the Manchester Police Depart-ment, and I want to say to their wives, Amanda and Elise—because families serve too. We worry about our police officers, but I know from having served as attorney general of New Hampshire that every time we are home on Thanksgiving or we are home on Christmas or we are home on some other holiday or great occasion, guess what our police officers are out doing. They are out patrolling our streets and our highways, keeping us safe, making sure we can enjoy that moment with our families. But their families worry. They worry when they are out: Is my loved one going to come home? So I say to the families of our law en-forcement officers as we stand here during National Police Week: Thank you. Thank you for what you do in al-lowing your loved ones to serve and for supporting our law enforcement offi-cers because families serve too. We are so grateful for what Officer Hardy and Officer O’Connor did on that early Friday morning, and we are grateful to all of the officers who re-sponded to that call. I am grateful they are doing well in their recovery. We wish them the very best. They con-tinue to be in my prayers and in my family’s prayers for a speedy recovery. All of the police officers in our State are in my prayers. When I was attorney general, two of the most difficult moments I had were giving a eulogy at the funerals of two police officers who were killed in the line of duty during my time as Attor-ney General. One of them, Officer Bruce McKay, had served the Fran-conia Police Department for 12 years, and he was brutally murdered in 2007 during a traffic stop. The other police officer was Officer Michael Briggs. In fact, on Sunday I am going to the dedi-cation of a community center in Man-chester in honor of Officer Michael Briggs. It is hard to believe it has been 10 years since he was killed in the line of duty, but the fact that they are naming a community center in his honor there in the center of Manchester, where he helped so many young people and so many people in how he served the peo-ple of Manchester, is a testament to the kind of person he was. I got to know the family of Officer Michael Briggs very closely, including his parents Lee and Maryann and his wife Laura and his sons, Brian and Mitchell. I want them to know today— I know it has been almost 10 years, but I will never forget—and we will never forget—their sacrifice and certainly what Officer Michael Briggs did for the State of New Hampshire, his heroism. In fact, before he served as a Man-chester police officer—as I think about coming toward the 10th anniversary of his death—before he served as a police officer, he served as a marine, serving our country in the line of duty. He served as a corrections officer also and did an incredible job. In fact, he re-ceived awards for saving people’s lives, running into burning buildings to save people in the line of duty. I will never forget that he saved the life of the indi-vidual who murdered him. He had saved his life before. Unfortunately, he was murdered by a career criminal in the line of duty. That is a true example of the heroism of our police officers, the service and sacrifice they make, as well as their families. Unfortunately, that says it all right there. So today as I stand on the Senate floor, I think about my time as attor-ney general, I certainly think about the families of the police officers who have been killed in the line of duty in New Hampshire and the sacrifices that every single day our men and women in uniform make on our behalf. On Friday in New Hampshire there will be a law enforcement memorial ceremony. It is a ceremony I plan to attend. It is a ceremony where each year we read the names that are etched into the memorial of those law enforce-ment officers who have been killed in the line of duty in New Hampshire. There have been far too many—far too many—who have made the ultimate sacrifice so the rest of us could live our lives in safety and in happiness. One of the privileges I had as attorney general was to read the names of our law en-forcement officers who were killed in the line of duty, to recognize their service and their sacrifice, with often many of their family members there— family members who would offer a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.043 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2864 May 17, 2016 
flower or a beautiful wreath to recog-nize the sacrifice of their family so we could remember their family member, the law enforcement officers who were killed in the line of duty. Today on the Senate floor I would like to read the names of these police officers who were killed in the line of duty in New Hampshire. I know we will recognize them in New Hampshire on Friday, but I want to recognize them on the Senate floor. They are, from Cheshire County, Deputy Sheriff John Walker, Sr.; from Dover, Officer George Pray; from Laconia, Police Officer Charles H. Dolloff; from Strafford County, Deputy Sheriff Charles E. Smith; from Manchester, Sergeant Henry McAllister; from Manchester, Inspector William M. Moher; from Exe-ter, Officer Albert L. Colson; from Nashua, Patrolman James H. Roche; from Carroll County, Sheriff Harry M. Leavitt; from New Hampshire State Police, Raymond Elliott; from Lan-caster, Chief Andrew T. Malloy; from New Hampshire State Police, Trooper Harold B. Johnson; from Colebrook, Chief Fred T. Towle; from Nashua, Pa-trolman Michael Latvis; from New Hampshire State Police, Lieutenant Ivan H. Hayes; from Northumberland, Officer Joseph H. Platt; from Nashua, Patrolman Edward C. Graziano; from New Hampshire Fish and Game, Con-servation Officer William Mooney; from New Hampshire Fish and Game, Conservation Officer Gary Waterhouse; from Farmington, Assistant Chief Louis A. Sheets; from Berlin, Officer Robert Devoid; from Berlin, Officer Dorman Wheelock; from Gorham, Offi-cer Jerome O. Piet; from Rockingham County, Department of Corrections Of-ficer Robert Charles Prescott; from New Hampshire Fish and Game, Con-servation Officer James Clark II; from Nashua, Acting Chief Armand J. Roussel; from Seabrook, Chief Charles S. Knowles; from Durham, Lieutenant Robert Hollis, Jr.; from Berlin, Ser-geant Paul G. Brodeur; from Man-chester, Officer Ralph W. Miller; from New Hampshire State Police, Trooper Richard F. Champy; from Somersworth, Patrolman Donald R. Kowalski; from Jaffrey, Police Super-visor William E. O’Neil, Sr.; from Han-over, Chief James H. Collins; from Derry, Sergeant Thomas C. Kelly; from New Hampshire State Police, Trooper Gary P. Parker; from New Hampshire State Police, Trooper Joseph Edward Gearty; from Antrim, Chief of Police Ralph C. Brooks; from New Hampshire State Police, Sergeant James Stanwood Noyes; from East Kingston, Officer Melvin Alan Keddy; from Au-burn, Lieutenant Donald Eaton; from New Hampshire State Police, Trooper Leslie George Lord; from New Hamp-shire State Police, Trooper Scott Ed-ward Phillips; from Epsom, Patrolman Jeremy T. Charron; from Manchester, Officer Michael Leland Briggs; from Franconia, Corporal N. Bruce McKay; from Greenland, Chief of Police Mi-chael P. Maloney; and from Brentwood, Patrolman Stephen Arkell. As I read those names, it obviously strikes me—it is shocking how many names are on that wall in our State. Having met and worked with so many of our law enforcement officers—they are incredibly brave. The sacrifices of their families are tremendous. Most recently, I went to two commu-nity events to recognize—really memo-rialize—these fallen heroes. The Malo-ney family and the Arkell family have started foundations to help other po-lice families, to help have scholarships in the names of these two decorated of-ficers. Unfortunately, those are the two most recent additions to this wall. Chief Maloney embodied the values of service, integrity, and honor. His leadership in the Greenland Police De-partment will never be forgotten. He was admired by everyone in the com-munity. This is another example of the sacrifice our police officers make. He was only a few days before his retire-ment. He could have stayed in the sta-tion, but he went out to the call with his fellow officers and, when the situa-tion escalated, Chief Maloney did what he always did. He put his life before his fellow officers, and because of his sac-rifices that day, other lives were saved. Unfortunately, we lost Chief Maloney in the line of duty just days before his retirement. If that is not a hero, I don’t know what is and who is. When I think about his family, and having gotten to know his family, I know today, as we think about the im-portance of this week, I just want to say thank you to them and just let them know they continue to be in our prayers, and we will not forget Chief Maloney’s service and his sacrifice and his heroism. Likewise, just like Chief Maloney, Officer Stephen Arkell was taken from us far too soon. He was an unsung hero. He went about his extraordinary work as a police officer very quietly and humbly, going above and beyond the call of duty not only as a police officer but as a coach in his community, as someone who has helped so many other people and made a difference in peo-ple’s lives. During his 15-year career as a police officer, he made a difference for the people of Brentwood. He made us proud, and he was another true hero in his community. Today, during National Police Week, I want to say to his family, who re-cently had a 5K in his honor to provide scholarships for others in the Brent-wood community, thank you for your sacrifice. We will never forget the sac-rifice of Officer Stephen Arkell. During National Police Week, as I stand on the Senate floor, one of the things that has bothered me is, too often the rhetoric we have been hear-ing about our police and our law en-forcement officers out in the public discussion has been negative. It has been negative. It has been sweeping. It has been basically stereotyping our po-lice, and it has been wrong. So, today, during this important week, I want to say to our law enforcement officers in New Hampshire, I want to say to the law enforcement officers across this country who keep us safe: Thank you. We stand with you. We are proud of you. We have your back because we know you have our backs every single day, because we would not be a free and safe society but for the sacrifices our law enforcement officers make every single day in New Hampshire and in every State in this country. They are the thin blue line between us and those who want to do us harm and threaten our way of life. So when we hear people who are making sweeping generalizations about our police that are negative, I want the people of this country to think about what it would be like if we didn’t have the courageous law enforcement offi-cers who patrol our streets every single day, who go out on nights and week-ends and holidays when we are safely home sleeping, who are out making sure we are safe. We should stand up for our law enforcement officers. This week, of all weeks, as we are here for National Police Week, we need to honor our law enforcement officers. We need to thank our men and women in uniform who patrol our streets and our highways and in every way protect us, whether as corrections officers or Fish and Game officers or as State po-lice—at every single level in the State of New Hampshire, we say thank you. We stand with you. I thank you. I hope that as we stand here this week, all of us will make sure that we thank also the Capitol Police for the incredible work they do here keeping us safe and defending this Capitol. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I am going to speak about an amendment that I am going to propose right away. It is about fidelity to the Constitution and the Bill of Rights—specifically, fi-delity to the Second Amendment as it involves the Department of Veterans Affairs. There appears to be a troubling trend within the VA. As of December 2015, al-most 99 percent of the names listed on the ‘‘mental defective’’ category for the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System, otherwise known as the national gun-ban list, are from the Veterans Administration. Once a person’s name is on that list, they are banned from owning or pos-sessing a firearm. Their Second Amendment rights are completely null and void. Now, why is this happening? Once the VA determines that a veteran requires a fiduciary to administer benefit pay-ments, the VA reports that veteran to the gun-ban list, resulting in a total denial of a veteran’s right to possess and own firearms. In other words, their Second Amendment rights are being denied. The VA has attempted to justify its actions by relying on regulations that grant limited authority to determine incompetence only in the context of fi-nancial affairs. So I quote: ‘‘Rating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.068 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2865 May 17, 2016 
agencies have sole authority to make official determinations of competency and incompetency for the purpose of insurance and disbursement of bene-fits.’’ It is clear, therefore, that the VA’s core regulatory authority applies to matters of competency for financial purposes. Importantly, this financial fiduciary standard has been employed since way back in the 1970s. It has nothing to do with regulating firearms. Yet that is exactly what is happening. Firearms are being regulated. Federal law requires that before a person is re-ported to a gun-ban list, they be deter-mined a ‘‘mental defective.’’ The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives created a reg-ulation to define what ‘‘mental defec-tive’’ means. It includes, among other requirements, that a person is a danger to self or others. Granted, the VA regu-lation at issue and the ATF regulation do share some of the same language. But the intent and the purpose are to-tally different. On the one hand, the VA regulation is designed to appoint a fiduciary. On the other hand, the ATF regulation is designed to regulate fire-arms. Now, this is a huge distinction. The level of mental impairment that justi-fies taking away the right to possess and own firearms must rest at a severe and substantial level—a level where the mere possession of a firearm con-stitutes a danger to self or others. That decision is never made by the VA, or the Veterans Administration, before submitting names to the gun-ban list. As such, imposing a gun ban is a harsh result that could sweep up vet-erans that are fully capable of appro-priately operating a firearm for self-de-fense purposes. So how does this work, then, in practice? The Daily Caller interviewed a veteran who had been a victim of this VA process for an April 21, 2015, article. The veteran reportedly told a VA counselor, who asked about how he handles his finances, that on the mere suggestion of his wife, he now uses auto debit for bills so he doesn’t have to go to the post office. The VA doctor put down that he doesn’t pay his own bills, and his wife handles his finances. The next thing he knew was that his wife was appointed as his fiduciary and his name was placed on the gun-ban list. Whether or not he handles his own fi-nances, what does that have to do with talking away a veteran’s right to self- defense? After all, this is the core pur-pose of the Second Amendment—self- defense. Self-defense is a natural right of all individuals. It is a God-given right. It is a right that existed before the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution were ever drafted. It is a sacred right. The Supreme Court has held the Sec-ond Amendment to be a fundamental right. So, when the Federal Govern-ment erases that right for any given individual, it better then have compel-ling justification to do so. Assigning a fiduciary is not a compelling justifica-tion. That is especially so when the VA does not even determine whether vet-erans are a danger to themselves or others before reporting the names to that gun-ban list. Further, the VA fails to offer ade-quate constitutional due process pro-tections. The standard of review—clear and convincing evidence—is particu-larly low in light of the fact that a con-stitutional right is involved. Hearsay is allowed in the hearing process, and the burden of proof is on the veteran to show that they are competent to man-age their finances. In essence, it is the veteran who has the burden of proof of showing that they should maintain their Second Amendment rights, al-though, again, that is not even the pur-pose of the hearing. That cannot stand. When constitutional issues are at stake, the burden ought to be on the government. Finally, the hearing that does take place is before VA employees, not a neutral arbiter. With these significant flaws, it is clear that the VA regu-latory scheme is inherently suspect. Importantly, these VA regulations have been in place since the 1970s, well before even the existence of a gun-ban list. The Supreme Court held the Sec-ond Amendment to be a fundamental right in 2010. Associate Justice Alito, who wrote the opinion of the Court, stated: ‘‘It is clear that the Framers . . . counted the right to keep and bear arms among those fundamental rights necessary to our system of ordered lib-erty.’’ It cannot be said that the VA’s regu-latory scheme adequately protects the liberty interests of the veteran—quite the contrary. The VA regulatory scheme is an example of the Federal Government once again going too far. As government expands, liberty con-tracts. There are just too many flaws in the VA’s regulatory scheme that re-sult in a failure at ensuring constitu-tional demands are met. There has been no update to the VA’s protocols since the Supreme Court’s decision in 2010. During the course of my oversight of this issue, not even the Department of Justice can adequately explain why there has been no sub-stantive update to the gun-reporting system. That is why I have introduced this amendment. My amendment is simple. It is straightforward. It makes perfect con-stitutional sense. It simply requires that before the VA reports names to the Department of Justice for eventual placement on the gun-ban list, the Vet-erans Administration must first find that a veteran is a danger to himself, herself, or others, and that finding must be done via judicial order. These requirements do three impor-tant things: First, it makes the ‘‘dan-ger to self or others’’ standard applica-ble to the VA. We all agree, don’t we, that dangerous persons must not own or possess firearms. Second, it shifts the burden of proof from the veteran and onto the govern-ment, where it ought to be. Third, it fixes the conditional due process issues by moving the hearing from the VA to the judicial system. Like I said, these are commonsense constitutional fixes, but, more impor-tantly, it is what our Nation’s veterans deserve. Our veteran population is sa-cred. They deserve the thanks of a grateful Nation, not the iron fist of an out-of-control Federal Government. Most importantly, the government must not unfairly target our veteran population simply because some may have challenges after returning home from war, like maybe having someone handle their finances. The fact that al-most 99 percent of the names in the gun-ban list of the category that we call ‘‘mental defective’’ are from the VA raises suspicion that our govern-ment is unfairly targeting veterans. That is why the American Legion and the Veterans of Foreign Wars have expressed strong support for my amendment. There is nothing more of-fensive to the principles of liberty than when the government takes away a person’s constitutional rights when it has no right to take away those con-stitutional rights. Moreover, I have heard from Iowa veterans that some veterans are even reluctant to seek care from the VA for fear of losing their Second Amendment rights. It is outrageous, then, that veterans are afraid to seek the care they have actually earned by being in service to their country because the VA might deprive them of a constitutionally pro-tected right without due process. This must stop. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Support it on constitu-tional grounds, support it on fairness grounds, and support it for the sake of veterans who may be wrongly targeted. To all of our Nation’s veterans, I say: God bless you, and thank you for your service to our great country. You de-serve better than to have your rights violated by the very agency that is supposed to fulfill our Nation’s com-mitment to you. I urge my colleagues to join me in making this very bad situation right— constitutionally right. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a May 16, 2016, letter from the VFW sup-porting this approach. I repeat for my colleagues that the American Legion supports it, but they couldn’t get a letter to us. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS 
OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, May 16, 2016. Hon. C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATOR GRASSLEY : On behalf of the nearly 1.7 million members of the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States (VFW) and our Auxiliaries, I write in support of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.069 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2866 May 17, 2016 
your amendment to H.R. 2577, which would protect veterans’ rights under the Second Amendment of the United States Constitu-tion. Currently, when the Department of Vet-erans Affairs (VA) makes the determination that a veteran would benefit from the assist-ance of a fiduciary to handle his or her fi-nances, VA sends that veteran’s name to the National Instant Check System, preventing them from legally purchasing firearms. The VFW has long opposed this practice, believ-ing that veterans who swore to support and defend the United States Constitution should not lose their rights under the Second Amendment simply because they need fidu-ciary assistance. The need for a fiduciary in no way implies that they are a danger to themselves or others. By ensuring that no veteran loses his or her right to purchase firearms without order or finding of a judge, magistrate, or other judicial authority of competent jurisdiction, your amendment would put an end to this objectionable VA practice. The VFW thanks you for your leadership on this issue, and your commitment to pro-tecting veterans’ constitutional rights and liberties. We look forward to working with you and your staff to pass this much needed amendment. Sincerely, R
AYMOND C. K ELLEY , Director, VFW National Legislative Service. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up amendment No. 3925. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Reserving the right to object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I lis-tened carefully to the explanation of my friend and colleague from Iowa. I hope there are several things we can agree on at the outset. The first is that we don’t want someone who is a con-victed felon or is so mentally unstable that they cannot be trusted to own or purchase a firearm. I hope we can agree on that. Mr. GRASSLEY. I agree. Mr. DURBIN. Good. I hope the next thing we can agree on is that we want to make certain that our veterans are treated fairly, that they are given every consideration for having served our country, but we do not want to put them in harm’s way ei-ther by way of suicide or by commit-ting a crime with a gun, and we want to have a process that respects that goal. I hope my colleague and friend from Iowa would agree with that. The problem we have is the Senator from Iowa is amending an appropria-tions bill. The difficulty you face when you amend appropriations bills, in most instances, if you are not author-izing and strictly sticking within the four corners of an appropriations bill, you can cut off funds—no funds shall be spent for—and that is what the amend-ment of the Senator from Iowa does. No funds shall be spent at the Vet-erans’ Administration for—and he just described the process. Here is the difficulty. This amend-ment as written doesn’t solve the prob-lem; it creates a bigger problem. I will concede at the outset to the Senator from Iowa that we should be sitting down and resolving a very seri-ous issue between the definition of ‘‘mental defect’’ and ‘‘mental com-petency’’ between the NICS law and the VA. There is plenty of room for us to sit down and come up with a reason-able way to deal with the situation. But the amendment offered by the Sen-ator from Iowa just basically says, un-fortunately, that we are going to weak-en the law that prohibits people with serious mental illnesses from buying guns. Currently, the Department of Vet-erans Affairs informs the FBI NICS gun background check database when a vet-eran has been found in a VA proceeding to be mentally incompetent because of injury or disease. I want to make sure that is clear in the RECORD . This is what it says. In connection with an award of veterans’ benefits, the VA for-mally may determine as ‘‘mentally in-competent’’ a person who ‘‘because of injury or disease lacks the mental ca-pacity to contract or to manage his or her own affairs, including disbursement of funds without limitation.’’ This is an adjudication, a hearing on mental competency which goes to the question of whether the veteran is mentally in-competent because of injury or disease. Under the amendment offered by the Senator from Iowa, VA mental health determinations would no longer count as prohibiting gun possession. Tens of thousands of names currently in the NICS system would likely need to be purged, meaning these people could go out and buy guns. Last year the VA told my staff they had supplied 174,000 names to the NICS database because of diagnosed mental conditions. I do not dispute what the Senator from Iowa suggested—that some of these veterans may be suffering from a mental illness not serious enough to disqualify them from owning a firearm, but certainly many of them do. Last year the VA told us that this list of 174,000 names includes 10,168 in-dividuals diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia, 3,981 individuals with major depressive disorder, 2,835 individ-uals with bipolar disorder, and many others who have been found to have very serious mental illnesses. Allowing people with these serious mental illnesses to buy guns raises the very serious risk of suicide and vio-lence. Already we are seeing an average of 22 suicides by veterans every single day. That is double that of the civilian population. To hand guns over to peo-ple such as the 14 or 15,000 whom I have just described who have serious mental illness is dangerous—dangerous to them, members of their family, and to the public. The VA’s referral process is not hap-hazard. There are due process safe-guards to make sure the VA is not re-ferring names inappropriately. The VA has set up a relief program for a vet-eran to contest a finding of mental competency. If we need to revisit that process—and as I said at the outset, I am not arguing that we shouldn’t—we need to do it in the context of sub-stantive legislation so that we treat the veterans fairly, treat their families fairly, and treat the public fairly in dealing with this constitutional protec-tion. But simply invalidating the men-tal health records of 170,000 people the VA has supplied to the FBI, as this amendment would do, is dangerous— dangerous to the veterans, dangerous to their families, and dangerous to the public. Let’s do this in a thoughtful, orderly way, not by an appropriations bill. I do object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, first, we are not talking about convicted fel-ons here, like the first thing the Sen-ator from Illinois started to say. What we are trying to do is protect the con-stitutional rights of veterans, Second Amendment rights, and we are pre-venting the government from spending money to violate the constitutional rights. As I just made clear, the main pur-pose of the VA regulation is to appoint a fiduciary, not to regulate firearms, but it has the effect of regulating fire-arms. This standard has been in place since the 1970s. It has nothing to do with regulating firearms. Don’t you think that since the Su-preme Court held the Second Amend-ment to be a fundamental right in 2010, there ought to be an update of this sys-tem? Indeed, Federal law made clear that the regulations prescribed by the VA Secretary are limited to ‘‘the nature and extent of proof and evidence and the method of taking and furnishing them in order to establish the right to benefits under such laws,’’ 38 USC 501. Again, that provides no authority to regulate firearms, but it has that im-pact. Just like the Senator from Illinois, I don’t want dangerous persons to have firearms, but the government must first prove a person is a danger before taking away their constitutional rights. I am somewhat disappointed that Members on the other side of the aisle would object to even considering an amendment that simply protects vet-erans from having a fundamental, con-stitutional right taken away and doing it without due process. When we were in the minority, we were accused of being obstructionist because we wouldn’t go along with the then-majority leader’s efforts to block Senators of both parties from offering amendments. Now that we are in a ma-jority, Senator M
CCONNELL has tried to restore the tradition of having amend-ments considered from both sides of the aisle. Yet we have these old 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.044 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2867 May 17, 2016 
tricks—still refusing to vote on amend-ments that show the American people whose side they are on. I think this is an opportunity to show you are on the side of the vet-erans—veterans who probably handled guns in Iraq and Afghanistan not being able to do that here. I don’t understand what is so tough about voting on whether veterans’ con-stitutional rights should be protected. It should be clear to anyone paying at-tention who is obstructing. They tried to destroy the Senate as a deliberative body when they were in the majority. Now they are obstructing a vote on protecting the fundamental constitu-tional rights of those who have put their lives on the line for our country. Shame on you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, before my friend and colleague leaves, we have worked together for years, and I respect very much his legislative capa-bility. He and I are working together on some very important legislation. I am not a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. I don’t know if the Senator from Iowa is a member—he is not. This is a subject matter that is in the jurisdiction of that committee. Let me just concede at the outset that reporting 174,000 names to the FBI goes too far, but eliminating 174,000 names goes too far. We need to find a reasonable way to identify those suf-fering from serious mental illness who would endanger themselves, their fami-lies, or others and to sort out those who don’t fit in that category. We can do that and we should do that in a rea-sonable way, so we are respectful of veterans and also respectful of the gen-eral public’s right to be safe from the misuse of firearms. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I would just say a simple thing. I have already said we don’t want dangerous people to have guns. But the point is that the VA is not identifying the peo-ple who might be a danger to them-selves or a danger to society. As the Senator from Illinois says, they are simply doing it because ‘‘You can’t handle your own finances.’’ That is where their constitutional rights are being denied. Their constitutional rights are being denied by a VA em-ployee—maybe somebody who doesn’t know anything about mental health— and that is wrong. That is what we are trying to prevent. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). The majority leader. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the Collins substitute amendment No. 3896. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate Amendment No. 3896 to Calendar No. 138, H.R. 2577, an act making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Susan M. Collins, Roy Blunt, John Cornyn, Richard Burr, Bill Cassidy, Roger F. Wicker, Johnny Isak-son, Marco Rubio, Mark Kirk, Lindsey Graham, Chuck Grassley, Jerry Moran, Orrin G. Hatch, John Hoeven, John Barrasso, John Boozman. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the underlying bill, H.R. 2577. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Calendar No. 138, H.R. 2577, an act making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Susan M. Collins, Roy Blunt, John Cornyn, Richard Burr, Bill Cassidy, Roger F. Wicker, Johnny Isak-son, Marco Rubio, Mark Kirk, Lindsey Graham, Jerry Moran, Chuck Grassley, Orrin G. Hatch, John Hoeven, John Barrasso, John Boozman. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls with respect to the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations en bloc: Calendar Nos. 444 through 447, 467, 217, 218, 479, 480, 482, 484, 553, 554 through 558, with no other executive business in order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Linda Thomas- Greenfield, an Assistant Secretary of State (African Affairs), to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the African Development Foundation for the re-mainder of the term expiring Sep-tember 27, 2015; Linda Thomas-Green-field, an Assistant Secretary of State (African Affairs), to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the African De-velopment Foundation for a term ex-piring September 27, 2021; John W. Les-lie, Jr., of Connecticut, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the African Development Foundation for a term ex-piring September 22, 2019; Linda I. Etim, of Wisconsin, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the African Development Foundation for a term ex-piring September 22, 2021; Georgette Mosbacher, of New York, to be a Mem-ber of the United States Advisory Com-mission on Public Diplomacy for a term expiring July 1, 2018; Todd A. Fisher, of New York, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation for a term expiring December 17, 2016; Deven J. Parekh, of New York, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private Investment Corpora-tion for a term expiring December 17, 2016; Robert Annan Riley III, of Flor-ida, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister- Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Fed-erated States of Micronesia; Karen Brevard Stewart, of Florida, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of the Mar-shall Islands; Matthew John Matthews, of Oregon, a Career Member of the Sen-ior Foreign Service, Class of Minister- Counselor, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as United States Senior Official for the Asia-Pa-cific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Forum; Marcela Escobari, of Massachu-setts, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development; Swati A. Dandekar, of Iowa, to be United States Director of the Asian Development Bank, with the rank of Ambassador; Adam H. Sterling, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Slovak Republic; Kelly Keiderling- Franz, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Oriental Republic of Uruguay; Stephen Michael Schwartz, of Maryland, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Federal Republic of So-malia; Christine Ann Elder, of Ken-tucky, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Liberia; and Elizabeth Holzhall Richard, of Vir-ginia, a Career Member of the Senior 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.072 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2868 May 17, 2016 
Foreign Service, Class of Minister- Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Leba-nese Republic. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the nomi-nations and ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomina-tions en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Thomas-Green-field, Leslie, Etim, Mosbacher, Fisher, Parekh, Riley, Stewart, Matthews, Escobari, Dandekar, Sterling, Keiderling-Franz, Schwartz, Elder, and Richard nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table en bloc, the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 3934, 3918, 3905, 3926, 3961, AND 
3941 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3896 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am pleased to report that due to a lot of hard work on both sides of the aisle by Senators and their staffs, the leaders, and particularly my colleague Senator R
EEDof Rhode Island, we have another group of amendments we are able to clear tonight. I therefore ask unanimous consent that the following amendments be called up en bloc and reported by num-ber: amendment No. 3934, offered by Senator K
ING; amendment No. 3918, of-fered by Senator R
UBIO; amendment No. 3905, offered by Senator H
ELLER ; amendment No. 3926, offered by Sen-ator R
UBIO; amendment No. 3961, of-fered by Senator M
ANCHIN ; and amend-ment No. 3941, offered by Senator B
OOKER . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments en bloc by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Maine [Ms. C OLLINS ], for others, proposes amendments numbered 3934, 3918, 3905, 3926, 3961, and 3941 en bloc to amendment No. 3896. The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 3934 (Purpose: To authorize the use of funds to carry out a matching program with the De-partment of Education to identify veterans who are unemployable due to a service- connected disability and who are also bor-rowers of Federal student loans in order to streamline and expedite the process through which such veterans may dis-charge their Federal student loans) On page 223, line 9, after ‘‘interoper-ability:’’ insert the following: ‘‘Provided fur-ther, That, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, $300,000 shall be available to carry out a matching program with the De-partment of Education to identify veterans who are unemployable due to a service-con-nected disability and who are also borrowers of Federal student loans in order to stream-line and expedite the process through which such veterans may discharge their Federal student loans.’’. 
AMENDENT NO . 3918 (Purpose: To shorten the time given to a property owner to respond to a violation of a contract and the time given to the Sec-retary to develop a Compliance, Disposi-tion, and Enforcement Plan) On page 152, strike lines 1 through 13 and insert the following: (1) The Secretary shall notify the owner and provide an opportunity for response within 15 days of UPCS inspection results. If the violations remain, the Secretary shall develop a Compliance, Disposition and En-forcement Plan within 30 days of the UPCS inspection results and must provide the owner with a Notice of Default with a speci-fied timetable, determined by the Secretary, for correcting all deficiencies. The Secretary must also provide a copy of the Notice of De-fault to the tenants, the local government, any mortgagees, and any contract adminis-trator. If the owner’s appeal results in a UPCS score of 60 or above, the Secretary may withdraw the Notice of Default. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3905 (Purpose: To prohibit funds from being used to provide housing assistance benefits to individuals convicted of certain criminal offenses) At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available under this Act shall be used to provide hous-ing assistance benefits for an individual who is convicted of— (1) aggravated sexual abuse under section 2241 of title 18, United States Code; (2) murder under section 1111 of title 18, United States Code; or (3) any other Federal or State offense in-volving— (A) severe forms of trafficking in persons or sex trafficking, as those terms are defined in paragraphs (9) and (10), respectively, of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102); or (B) child pornography, as defined in section 2256 of title 18, United States Code. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3926 (Purpose: To determine the effectiveness of Real Estate Assessment Center physical inspections) At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development shall prepare a report, and post the report on the public website of the Department of Housing and Urban Development (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘‘Department’’), re-garding Real Estate Assessment Center (in this section referred to as ‘‘REAC’’) inspec-tions of all properties assisted, insured, or both, under a program of the Department, which shall include— (1) the percentage of all inspected prop-erties that received a REAC-inspected score of less than 65 within the last 48 months; (2) the number of properties in which the most recent REAC-inspected score rep-resented a decline relative to the previous REAC score; (3) a list of the 10 metropolitan statistical areas with the lowest average REAC-in-spected scores for all inspected properties; and (4) a list of the 10 States with the lowest average REAC-inspected scores for all in-spected properties. (b) The Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare a report, and post the report on the public website of the Govern-ment Accountability Office, regarding areas in which REAC inspections of all properties assisted, insured, or both, under a program of the Department should be reformed and improved. AMENDMENT NO . 3961 (Purpose: To allow airports to use airport improvement program funds to repair dam-age to runway safety areas caused by nat-ural disasters) At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. (a) Subchapter I of chapter 471, as amended by this subtitle, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 47144. Use of funds for repairs for runway safety repairs ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation may make project grants under this subchapter to an airport described in subsection (b) from funds under section 47114 apportioned to that airport or funds avail-able for discretionary grants to that airport under section 47115 to conduct airport devel-opment to repair the runway safety area of the airport damaged as a result of a natural disaster in order to maintain compliance with the regulations of the Federal Aviation Administration relating to runway safety areas, without regard to whether construc-tion of the runway safety area damaged was carried out using amounts the airport re-ceived under this subchapter. ‘‘(b) A
IRPORTS DESCRIBED .—An airport is described in this subsection if— ‘‘(1) the airport is a public-use airport; ‘‘(2) the airport is listed in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems of the Federal Aviation Administration; ‘‘(3) the runway safety area of the airport was damaged as a result of a natural dis-aster; ‘‘(4) the airport was denied funding under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 4121 et seq.) with respect to the disaster; ‘‘(5) the operator of the airport has ex-hausted all legal remedies, including legal action against any parties (or insurers there-of) whose action or inaction may have con-tributed to the need for the repair of the run-way safety area; ‘‘(6) there is still a demonstrated need for the runway safety area to accommodate cur-rent or imminent aeronautical demand; and ‘‘(7) the cost of repairing or replacing the runway safety area is reasonable in relation to the anticipated operational benefit of re-pairing the runway safety area, as deter-mined by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.077 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2869 May 17, 2016 
(b) The analysis for chapter 471, as amend-ed by this subtitle, is further amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 47143 the following: ‘‘47144. Use of funds for repairs for runway safety repairs.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3941 (Purpose: To slightly modify the scope of projects eligible for railroad safety grants) On page 50 of division A, strike line 7 and all that follows through ‘‘Code:’’ on line 10, and insert the following: ‘‘up to $25,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 24407(c)(1) of title 49, United States Code; and not less than $25,000,000 shall be available to carry out paragraphs (2), (5), (6), (7) and (10) of section 24407(c) of such title:’’. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate now vote on these amendments en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on these amend-ments. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the question occurs on agree-ing to the amendments en bloc. The amendments (Nos. 3934, 3918, 3905, 3926, 3961, and 3941) were agreed to en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 3914, 3938, 3948, 3954, AND 3971  
TO AMENDMENT NO . 3896 
Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the following amendments be called up en bloc and reported by number: No. 3914, by Sen-ator T
ESTER ; No. 3938, by me; No. 3948, by Senator H
ELLER ; No. 3954, by Sen-ator H
EITKAMP ; and No. 3971, by Sen-ator B
ENNET . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. K IRK], for himself and others, proposes amendments numbered 3914, 3938, 3948, 3954, and 3971 en bloc to amendment No. 3896. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 3914 (Purpose: To require the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States to submit to Con-gress a report evaluating force structure and military construction requirements in Europe) At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion B, insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report evaluating the extent to which the Department of Defense has devel-oped a comprehensive force structure plan, including military construction require-ments, to meet emerging security threats in Europe. (b) The report required under subsection (a) shall include an assessment of the extent to which the Department of Defense has— (1) identified the near-term and long-term United States military force requirements in Europe in support of the European Reassur-ance Initiative; (2) evaluated the posture, force structure, and military construction options for meet-ing projected force requirements; (3) evaluated the long-term costs associ-ated with the posture, force structure, and military construction requirements; and (4) developed a Future Years Defense Pro-gram for force structure costs associated with the European Reassurance Initiative. (c) The report shall also include any other matters related to security threats in Eu-rope that the Comptroller General deter-mines are appropriate, and recommendations as warranted for improvements to the De-partment’s planning and analysis method-ology. AMENDMENT NO . 3938 (Purpose: To make a technical correction to section 132 of title I of division J of Public Law 114–113) At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion B, insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) Of the amounts appropriated by section 132 of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2016 (division J of Public Law 114–13; 129 Stat. 2683), $30,000,000 is here-by rescinded. (b) Notwithstanding section 123 of this title, for an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’ in this title, $30,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, is provided for ad-vances to the Federal Highway Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, for con-struction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code. (c) This section shall become effective im-mediately upon enactment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3948 (Purpose: To modify the contents of the quarterly report on disability compensa-tion claims) On page 245, lines 23 through 24, strike ‘‘and (7) the number and results of Quality Review Team audits’’ and insert ‘‘(7) the number and results of Quality Review Team audits; (8) the number of claims completed by each Regional Office based on the Re-gional Office being the station of jurisdic-tion; and (9) the number of claims completed by each Regional Office based on the Re-gional Office being the station of origin’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3954 (Purpose: To require coordination within the Department of Veterans Affairs to meet the readjustment and psychological coun-seling needs of veterans in rural and highly rural communities) At the end of title II of division B, add the following: S
EC. 251. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall ensure that the Readjustment Counseling Service of the Department of Veterans Affairs coordinates directly with the Office of Rural Health of the Department on efforts to expand the capacity of Vet Cen-ters (as defined in section 1712A(h) of title 38, United States Code) in order to ensure that the readjustment and psychological coun-seling needs of veterans in rural and highly rural communities are met. (b) Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives a report detailing the number of Vet Centers (as so defined) operated by the De-partment and a strategic plan to increase the capacity of such Vet Centers to address unmet readjustment and psychological coun-seling needs of veterans in rural and highly rural communities. AMENDMENT NO . 3971 (Purpose: To authorize the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to provide monthly assist-ance allowance to disabled veterans train-ing to compete on the United States Olym-pic Team) At the end of title II of division B, add the following: 
SEC. 251. MONTHLY ASSISTANCE ALLOWANCE FOR DISABLED VETERANS COM-PETING ON OLYMPIC TEAMS. 
Section 322(d)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘allowance to a veteran’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘allowance to— ‘‘(A) a veteran’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), as designated by paragraph (1), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) a veteran with a service-connected disability rated as 30 percent or greater by the Department who is selected by the United States Olympic Committee for the United States Olympic Team for any month in which the veteran is competing in any event sanctioned by the National Governing Bodies of the United States Olympic Sports.’’. 
Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the Senate now vote on these amendments en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. KIRK. I know of no further de-bate on these amendments. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the question occurs on agree-ing to the amendments en bloc. The amendments (Nos. 3914, 3938, 3948, 3954, and 3971) were agreed to en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
62ND ANNIVERSARY OF BROWN V. BOARD OF EDUCATION Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, 62 years ago today, the Supreme Court issued its decision in Brown v. Board of Edu-cation, which struck down laws permit-ting racially segregated schools in 17 States and the District of Columbia. The Court overturned Plessy v. Fer-guson, the notorious 1896 decision that found racially segregated schools could be, ‘‘separate but equal.’’ The Court unanimously held that laws requiring racial segregation in schools violate the Equal Protection clause of the 14th Amendment and recognized that equal access to education is a fundamental civil right. In the Brown v. Board opin-ion, Chief Justice Earl Warren wrote, ‘‘in the field of public education, the doctrine of ‘separate but equal’ has no 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.046 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2870 May 17, 2016 
place. Separate educational facilities are inherently unequal.’’ As I have said before, this historic decision was the most important Su-preme Court decision of the 20th cen-tury—and perhaps of all time. Shortly after the decision, the New York Times published an editorial that stated: ‘‘The Supreme Court’s historic decision in the school desegregation cases brings the United States back into the mainstream of its own best traditions. Segregation is a hangover of slavery, and its ugliest manifestation has been in the schools.’’ While the Brown decision was a his-toric victory for equality, this anniver-sary is bittersweet. We have made great progress in the last 62 years, but there is much work that remains to be done to create ‘‘the more perfect union’’ that our Constitution promises. Significant racial disparities persist in our schools, as well as our economy and our criminal justice system. Just last week, following a five-dec-ade legal battle, a Federal district court judge ordered a school district in Mississippi to desegregate. In her opin-ion, Judge Debra Brown wrote that: ‘‘[the school district’s] delay in deseg-regation has deprived generations of students of the constitutionally-guar-anteed right of an integrated edu-cation. Although no court order can right these wrongs, it is the duty of the District to ensure that not one more student suffers under this burden.’’ It is shocking to consider that, six decades after the Brown decision, there is still resistance to the Court’s man-date to desegregate our schools. We also continue to see efforts to make it more difficult for African Americans and other minorities to ex-ercise the most fundamental constitu-tional right, the right to vote. Three years after the Brown v. Board of Edu-cation decision, the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., spoke at the Lincoln Memorial during a prayer pilgrimage to Washington. In a speech entitled ‘‘Give Us the Ballot,’’ Dr. King described the, ‘‘noble and sublime decision’’ in Brown, as well as the massive resistance to en-forcing the decision. Dr. King noted that: ‘‘many states have risen up in open defiance. The legislative halls of the South ring loud with such words as ‘interposition’ and ‘nullification.’ But even more, all types of conniving methods are still being used to prevent [African-Americans] from becoming registered voters. The denial of this sa-cred right is a tragic betrayal of the highest mandates of our democratic tradition.’’ Dr. King knew that there was a vital connection between desegregation and the right to vote. Without Federal vot-ing protections, African Americans would not have a voice in government to ensure that the Supreme Court’s de-cision in Brown was fully implemented. He went on to say, ‘‘our most urgent request to the President of the United States and every member of Congress is to give us the right to vote. . . . Give us the ballot.’’ Eight years later, the Voting Rights Act was signed into law. For years, this landmark legislation was recognized as a great achievement. It was repeatedly reauthorized by large, bipartisan ma-jorities in Congress. However, 3 years ago, in Shelby County v. Holder, the Supreme Court gutted the Voting Rights Act. In a divided 5–4 vote, the Court struck down the provision that required certain jurisdictions with a history of discrimination to preclear changes to their voting laws with the Department of Justice. Since the decision, States like Texas, North Carolina, Alabama, and Mis-sissippi have put in place restrictive state voting laws, which all too often have a disproportionate impact on lower-income and minority voters. Sixty-two years after the Supreme Court’s decision in Brown v. Board of Education, it is clear there is much more work to do. We should remember Dr. King’s words in 1957. We should re-store the law he implored Congress to enact. It is time to bring the bipartisan Voting Rights Advancement Act to the floor and ensure that the Federal Gov-ernment is once again able to fully pro-tect the fundamental right to vote. The Supreme Court of the United States stands just across the street from here. On the front of the Court four words are engraved: ‘‘Equal Jus-tice Under Law.’’ Those words are a promise and a challenge to all of us. On this day, the anniversary of one of the Court’s greatest triumphs, let us re-dedicate ourselves to ensuring that those four words—‘‘Equal Justice Under Law’’—ring true for this genera-tion and future generations of Ameri-cans. 
f 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today is the 62nd anniversary of the Supreme Court’s landmark decision in Brown v. Board of Education, which reaffirmed our Nation’s commitment to justice and equality by ending racial segrega-tion in our public schools. The unani-mous Court overruled one of its worst precedents in Plessy v. Ferguson and held that ‘‘in the field of public edu-cation, the doctrine of ‘separate but equal’ has no place. Separate edu-cational facilities are inherently un-equal.’’ For generations, the Brown v. Board decision has been viewed as a turning point in the effort to eradicate the shameful legacy of Jim Crow and racial segregation. On this anniversary, we are reminded of the significance of a strong and independent Supreme Court, as set forth in our Constitution. Americans respect the Court as our guardian of the Constitution and the rule of law. Each generation of Ameri-cans since the Nation’s founding has worked to bend the arc of the moral universe further toward justice, seek-ing to fulfill the Constitution’s stated purpose of forming ‘‘a more perfect Union.’’ In Brown v. Board, the Court’s unanimous decision reflected that we are a nation of laws and that equal jus-tice under law has meaning. Unfortunately, while we commemo-rate this momentous Supreme Court decision today, we find the Supreme Court today weakened by Senate Re-publicans’ current obstruction. It is an undisputable fact that the Republicans’ refusal to consider Chief Judge Merrick Garland’s nomination means that the Supreme Court will be without a full nine justices for more than one of its terms. The Republican argument ar-ticulated in February that they should delay all consideration because it is an election year has no precedent and is unprincipled. It shows contempt for the Court as an institution and as an inde-pendent and coequal branch of govern-ment. The result of Republicans’ sustained obstruction is that the Court is taking on fewer cases, and even in the cases it does hear, it has repeatedly been un-able to definitively resolve the issue before it. A May 1 article by Robert Barnes in the Washington Post notes that the number of cases that the Jus-tices have accepted has fallen, and the experts in that article attribute this to the Court being down one member. As one expert noted in the article, ‘‘there seem to be a number of ‘defensive deni-als,’ meaning neither side of the ideo-logically split court wants to take some cases because of uncertainty about how it will turn out, or whether the court will be able to reach a deci-sion.’’ Another harmful effect of this Repub-lican obstruction is that the Court has been contorting itself to avoid 4–4 splits by leaving the key questions of cases undecided. Just yesterday, in two different cases, the Court was unable to make a final decision on the merits. In both cases, the appellate courts are split on the law, and the Supreme Court was unable to live up to its name. One of the cases, Zubik v. Burwell, involved religiously affiliated employers’ objections to their employ-ees’ health insurance coverage for con-traception. The Court had already taken the unusual step of ordering sup-plemental briefing in the case, seem-ingly to avoid a 4–4 split. Even with the extra briefing, the Court was still un-able to make a decision. Instead, it sent the issue back to the lower courts expressing ‘‘no view on the merits of the cases.’’ In the second case, Spokeo v. Robbins, the question at issue was Congress’s ability to statutorily create rights that confer standing for plain-tiffs to sue when those rights are vio-lated. The case involves important pri-vacy questions about Americans’ power to take action when incorrect informa-tion is posted about them online. The Court, however, failed to reach the key question at issue. The effect is that the current split among the Circuit Courts of Appeals remains unresolved. As yes-terday’s New York Times editorial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.061 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2871 May 17, 2016 
notes, ‘‘Every day that passes without a ninth justice undermines the Su-preme Court’s ability to function, and leaves millions of Americans waiting for justice or clarity as major legal questions are unresolved.’’ In addition to these contortions, the Court has deadlocked in at least three instances on significant legal issues be-fore it. These 4–4 splits have real, prac-tical consequences. As a recent Econo-mist article noted, ‘‘By letting lower- court decisions stand but not requiring other courts to abide by the ruling, the stage is set for odd state-by-state or district-by-district distinctions when it comes to the meaning of laws or the constitution.’’ I ask unanimous con-sent that all three articles be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my remarks. Republicans’ refusal to do their jobs and consider Chief Judge Garland’s nomination diminishes the role of the Supreme Court. In nominating Chief Judge Garland to the Supreme Court, President Obama has picked an emi-nently qualified judge who has more Federal judicial experience than any other Supreme Court nominee in his-tory. This is an individual who has re-ceived praise across the political spec-trum. But instead of delving into his lengthy public service record for them-selves, Republicans have decided to outsource their jobs to outside interest groups who have spent millions of dol-lars to smear Chief Judge Garland. And worse, they continue to refuse to allow Chief Judge Garland a chance to re-spond at a public hearing. As long as they stick to this unprin-cipled position, Republicans will con-tinue to undermine the Court’s ability to serve its role under our Constitution as the final arbiter of our Nation’s laws. Republicans should reverse course and treat the Court as the inde-pendent and coequal branch of govern-ment that it is. So today, let us not only celebrate the Court’s historic decision in Brown, but also resolve to return this vener-ated institution to full strength. It be-gins with giving Chief Judge Garland a fair public hearing and a vote. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Washington Post, May 1, 2016] S
CALIA ’SDEATH AFFECTING NEXTTERM, TOO? P
ACE OF ACCEPTED CASES AT SUPREME  C
OURT SLOWS  (By Robert Barnes) The ways in which Justice Antonin Scalia’s sudden death are altering the cur-rent Supreme Court term have been widely chronicled. But it appears the absence of Scalia will be felt on the court’s work next term, as well. The number of cases the justices have ac-cepted has fallen, meaning that a docket that in recent years has been smaller than what is traditional is shrinking still. The court has accepted only six cases since Scalia died Feb. 13. The number is low com-pared with the average, Scotusblog.com edi-tor Amy Howe said at an event last week re-viewing the Supreme Court’s work. And none of the cases that the court has accepted for the term that begins in October approach the level of controversy that have marked the dramatic rulings of recent years. A panel of court experts assembled by the Constitutional Accountability Center last week offered a number of reasons for the re-duced workload. But they boiled down to a reluctance of the ideologically divided eight-member court to take on an issue in which it might not be able to provide a clear answer. First, a reminder of the enormous leeway the justices have in setting their agenda. An outraged citizen’s vow to fight an injus-tice ‘‘all the way to the Supreme Court’’ comes to pass only if the Supreme Court con-sents. With a few exceptions of cases the court is mandated to consider, justices are unencumbered as they cull through the thou-sands of petitions seeking review. In recent years, only about 70 or so cases receive writs of certiorari—‘‘cert grants’’—signaling that the justices will review the decision of the lower court. It takes the approval of four justices to schedule a case for full briefing and oral ar-gument. The court makes those decisions all year—it could announce on Monday that it has accepted more cases—but generally those granted after January are placed on the court’s docket for the term that begins the following October. So there is plenty of time for the court to pick up the pace. But based on what’s in the pipeline, Howe suggested that there could be plenty of lulls in the court’s schedule. If Senate Republicans hold true to their pledge not to hold hearings or a vote on President Obama’s nomination of U.S. Cir-cuit Judge Merrick Garland to fill Scalia’s seat before the election, the court will enter the next term one justice down. And if a lame-duck Senate after the election does not consider him, it would be sometime in the spring, at the earliest, before the court is back to full strength. John P. Elwood, a Washington lawyer and Supreme Court specialist, said ‘‘having an extra member matters.’’ He watches the Supreme Court’s docket as closely as anyone, writing a column for Scotusblog about the cases the court con-siders at its private conferences and which seem likely to be granted. He said there seem to be a number of ‘‘de-fensive denials,’’ meaning neither side of the ideologically split court wants to take some cases because of uncertainty about how it will turn out, or whether the court will be able to reach a decision. ‘‘The court already is a defensive enough institution,’’ Elwood said. He said that Jus-tices Clarence Thomas and Stephen G. Breyer have noted that the court is cautious about granting cert in the best of times. They ‘‘have said essentially, ‘You can’t screw up by not taking a case, you can only screw up by taking a case,’’’ Elwood said. ‘‘And now there’s one more reason not to take a case: that the court may blow up and not be able to decide the thing.’’ Sherrilyn Ifill, president and director- counsel of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, said the apparent slow-down is another consequence of waiting to fill Scalia’s seat. It is a rebuttal to ‘‘all of these sanguine statements that we can have eight justices and it just doesn’t matter, we’ll just kick the can down the road,’’ she said. Ifill often disagrees with the decisions of the conservative court but said that every-one agrees ‘‘this is a branch of government that actually gets the job done.’’ She added: ‘‘I think the court is trying to be prudent and not be a participant in its own demise by not taking these cases it can’t decide.’’ Brianne J. Gorod, the Constitutional Ac-countability Center’s chief counsel, said jus-tices ‘‘know that if the issue is an important one it will probably come back in a year or two, when hopefully there will be a ninth justice.’’ Andrew J. Pincus, another Washington lawyer who practices before the court, agreed with this analysis but said it is the wrong approach for the court to take. ‘‘This sounds a little self-interested,’’ Pincus began, but he said the court has a ‘‘wrongheaded view’’ about the frequency with which issues appear before it, and a ‘‘complete misperception of the real world impact of lower-court decisions that are out there for a long time that people in the real world have to comply with.’’ But if it is easy to detect a slowdown in the court’s grants, it is more difficult to identify which cases the court might have taken if at full strength. The court makes those decisions in secret. No vote total is announced and rarely is an explanation given. So there can only be speculation about which cases are skipped because the court is divided, or which the justices agreed the lower court got it right and there is no work for them to do. [From the New York Times, May 16, 2016] T
HECRIPPLED SUPREME COURT  Every day that passes without a ninth jus-tice undermines the Supreme Court’s ability to function, and leaves millions of Ameri-cans waiting for justice or clarity as major legal questions are unresolved. On Monday, the eight-member court avoid-ed issuing a ruling on one of this term’s big-gest cases, Zubik v. Burwell, which chal-lenges the Affordable Care Act’s requirement that employers’ health care plans cover the cost of birth control for their employees. In an unsigned opinion, the court sent the law-suits back to the lower federal courts, with instructions to try to craft a compromise that would be acceptable to everyone. This is the second time since Justice Antonin Scalia’s death in February that the court has failed to reach a decision in a high- profile case; in March, the court split 4 to 4 in a labor case involving the longstanding right of public-sector unions, which rep-resent millions of American workers, to charge collective bargaining fees to non-members. The Zubik litigation, which involves seven separate cases, was brought by religiously affiliated nonprofit employers like hospitals, colleges and social service organizations that do not want any role in giving their em-ployees access to contraception. The Obama administration, mindful of concerns over religious freedom, has already provided a way out for these employers: They must notify their insurer or the gov-ernment, in writing, of their objection, at which point the government takes over and provides coverage for the contraceptives at no cost to the employers. This sensible arrangement was not enough for several plaintiffs who said it still vio-lated their religious freedom under a federal law, because the act of notification itself made them complicit in the provision of birth control. Eight federal courts of appeals have al-ready rejected this claim, finding that such a minor requirement did not place a substan-tial burden on the objectors’ religious free-dom. In her opinion for the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, Judge Cornelia Pillard wrote that under both fed-eral law and the Constitution, ‘‘freedom of religious exercise is protected but not abso-lute.’’ This was the right answer, and should 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.059 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2872 May 17, 2016 
have easily guided the justices in resolving this case. But in a highly unusual order issued days after oral arguments, the justices asked both sides to consider a potential compromise— having a religiously affiliated employer tell an insurer of its objection to birth control coverage, and then having the insurer sepa-rately notify employees that it will provide cost-free contraceptives, without any in-volvement by the employer. In Monday’s opinion, the court said both sides’ responses indicated that a compromise was possible. Without weighing in on the merits of the litigation, the court sent the lawsuits back to the federal appeals courts and told them to give the parties ‘‘an oppor-tunity to arrive at an approach going for-ward that accommodates petitioners’ reli-gious exercise while at the same time ensur-ing that women covered by petitioners’ health plans receive full and equal health coverage, including contraceptive cov-erage.’’’ This move solves nothing. Even if these plaintiffs can find their way to an agreement with the government that satisfies their reli-gious objections, there are other employers with different religious beliefs who will not be satisfied, and more lawsuits are sure to follow. The court could have avoided this by af-firming the appellate decisions that cor-rectly ruled in the government’s favor. Un-fortunately, the justices appear to be evenly split on this issue, as they may be on other significant cases pending before them. The court’s job is not to propose com-plicated compromises for individual liti-gants; it is to provide the final word in inter-preting the Constitution and the nation’s laws. Despite what Senate Republicans may say about the lack of harm in the delay in filling the vacancy, the court cannot do its job without a full bench. 
[From the Economist, May 9, 2016] W
HY THE SUPREME COURT ISSLOWING DOWN With five votes, the late Justice William Brennan liked to tell his clerks, ‘‘you can do anything around here’’. Justice Brennan’s rule still applies after the death in February of Antonin Scalia. But with only eight jus-tices remaining, the magic number of five is now harder to come by. Twice since Mr. Scalia’s death the Supreme Court has per-formed the judicial equivalent of throwing up its hands. In a small case concerning banking rules and in a hugely consequential case challenging the future of public-sector unions, the justices issued one-sentence per curiam (‘‘by the court’’) rulings: ‘‘The judg-ment is affirmed by an equally divided court.’’ A tie in the high court means that the ruling in the court below stands. But a tie-induced affirmance does not bind other lower courts, and the judgment has no value as a precedent. A tie, in short, leaves every-thing as it was and as it would have been had the justices never agreed to hear the case in the first place. That’s a lot of wasted ink, paper, time and breath. And now it seems the justices may be keen to reduce future futile efforts as they contemplate a year or more with a missing colleague. As Robert Barnes wrote in the Washington Post last week, the Supreme Court’s pace of ‘‘grants’’—cases it agrees to take up—has slowed. Only 12 cases are now on the docket for the October 2016 term that begins in the fall, and grants are lagging below the average of recent years. The slow pace is especially notable because it marks a slowdown from an already highly attenuated docket. Seventy years ago, the justices de-cided 200 or more cases a year; that number declined to about 150 in the 1980s and then plummeted into the 80s and, in recent years, the 70s. The justices will grant more cases in dribs and drabs following their private con-ferences in May and June and after the so- called ‘‘long-conference’’ in September (fol-lowed by more conferences throughout the autumn and winter), but early indications are that the term starting in October may be one of the most relaxed in recent memory. The Obama administration continues to push Senate Republicans to change their minds and hold confirmation hearings for Merrick Garland, chief judge of the District of Columbia circuit court. While a number of GOP senators have agreed to meet Mr. Gar-land for lunch or tea, none have endorsed him or said he should have a hearing. The fight to fill Mr. Scalia’s seat before the next president takes office includes a new hashtag (#WeNeedNine) and a counter showing the number of ‘‘days of obstruction’’ in the Sen-ate since Mr. Obama tapped Mr. Garland for the job. (That number is 51 and counting.) But the Republican leadership isn’t budging. Charles Grassley, chair of the judiciary com-mittee, admits that leaving the appointment to the next president is a ‘‘gamble’’ given that Donald Trump is now all-but certain to be the Republican nominee, but he is stick-ing to his guns. What’s wrong with eight justices? The pri-mary worry is that tie votes will sow legal confusion and uncertainty. When justices are split down the middle, they cannot resolve rival views on crucial national issues—from affirmative action and public unions to gay rights, birth control and abortion. By letting lower-court decisions stand but not requiring other courts to abide by the ruling, the stage is set for odd state-by-state or district-by- district distinctions when it comes to the meaning of laws or the constitution. This seems to be the worry that prompted the jus-tices to search for a compromise after hear-ing arguments in March in the latest fight over Obamacare and contraception. One fed-eral district court has said that the contra-ceptive mandate violates a 1993 law banning the government from unduly interfering with other people’s religious scruples. A half dozen other appellate courts have come to the opposite opinion. So if the justices divide 4–4 in Zubik v Burwell, women across most of America will have access to birth control through their employer’s health coverage, while women in seven midwestern states will not. The justices’ unprecedented effort to square the circle by playing mediator does not look promising. Some legal scholars argue that an eight- justice bench isn’t so bad after all and might actually be preferable. Eric Segall, a pro-fessor of law at Georgia State University, thinks the 4–4 ideological divide is pushing justices to moderate their claims in an effort to win votes from their colleagues on the other side. ‘‘[T]o accomplish their goals’’, Mr. Segall writes, ‘‘the Justices would sim-ply have to get along better’’. This is a pre-scription, he says, to ‘‘more public con-fidence in the final outcomes’’ of Supreme Court decisions. We may have seen just such a compromise at work in a recent voting- rights decision, Evenwel v Abbott. After the oral argument in December, most pundits (including your correspondent) were expect-ing a 5–4 decision upending the common un-derstanding of ‘‘one person, one vote’’ (counting everybody) in favour of counting only eligible voters, a scheme favouring whiter, wealthier, GOP-leaning districts. But the justices came out 8–0 in the other direc-tion. The four liberals seem to have at-tracted the conservatives’ votes (though Jus-tices Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas dis-agreed with the reasoning) by lowering the temperature a bit: the constitution permits states to use total population as the basis for drawing districts, Justice Ruth Bader Gins-burg wrote for her colleagues, but the ques-tion of whether it requires them to do so is off the table until a case forces it back on. But beyond the Evenwel surprise and the seemingly ill-fated attempt to resolve the dicey dilemma in Zubik, it’s very hard to see how a denuded court is an appealing concept in the medium or long-term. A patchwork quilt of legal realities may have been fitting for America under the Articles of Confed-eration, before the country had a political system that made it something approxi-mating a union, but America’s constitu-tional design is not consonant with deep con-fusion about what the law means on con-troversial questions of public life. While the bind they’re in may lead to occasional com-promises, the justices will only bend so far. Whether the divide manifests as 4–4 splits or a tendency to hear fewer cases in which those splits seem likely, a curbed Supreme Court is not a court that can possibly live up to its name. f VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I regret that due to travel delays on my return from Oregon, I missed the vote yester-day on the confirmation of the nomi-nee, Paula Xinis, to fill a judicial emergency vacancy in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland. Ms. Xinis was nominated more than a year ago. The ABA Standing Com-mittee on the Federal Judiciary unani-mously rated Xinis ‘‘Well Qualified’’ to serve on the district court, its highest rating. She has the support of her home State Senators, Senators M
IKUL-
SKIand C ARDIN . She was voted out of the Judiciary Committee by voice vote on September 17, 2015. In addition, 20 judicial nominees for lower court va-cancies that were all voted out of com-mittee by unanimous voice vote are currently on the Executive Calendar. It is important that the Senate work to prioritize filling these vacancies. For those reasons, had I not experi-enced travel delays and been present as originally intended, I would have voted in support of her nomination. 
f 
NATIONAL HURRICANE PREPAREDNESS WEEK Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I wish to recognize the week of May 15 through 21, 2016, as National Hurricane Pre-paredness Week. As each Louisianian knows, the be-ginning of June marks the beginning of hurricane season, and we are acutely aware of how dangerous and damaging these storms can be. As we recognize National Hurricane Preparedness Week, I want to emphasize the impor-tance of making adequate preparations to keep our families and communities safe. While it is impossible to predict when a disaster will strike, being in-formed, prepared, and having a plan can make all the difference in the world. The National Hurricane Center rec-ommends that folks take specific steps to prepare, such as creating a plan for your family, buying proper supplies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.048 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2873 May 17, 2016 
ahead of time, locating a safe room or the safest areas in your home for each hurricane hazard, making a plan for your pets, and taking First Aid, CPR, or disaster preparedness classes. On a Federal level, I have been work-ing to implement precautionary meas-ures. As chairman of the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Sub-committee, I worked with my Repub-lican and Democrat colleagues on the critically important Water Resources Development Act of 2016, which re-cently passed through the Senate Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. This bill would advance numer-ous hurricane protection efforts that will make our communities safer and better prepared for such disasters, most notably through the support it provides to coastal restoration efforts in Louisiana. Passing WRDA 2016 is an absolute top priority, and I will con-tinue working to bring it to the Senate floor for a vote in the near future. Regarding long-term preparedness, I am proud to announce that my bipar-tisan bill to reauthorize the National Estuary Program is on its way to the President’s desk to be signed into law. Louisiana’s estuaries create a natural buffer zone and have protected thou-sands of square miles of land along the coast, including some of the Nation’s busiest ports, high-yielding fisheries, and vast oil and mineral deposits. My bill will make sure our critical estu-aries are restored and preserved so that our coastal communities are better protected ahead of future storms. Hurricanes are part of life, especially in Louisiana, but diligence and prepa-ration can help reduce their impact on your family, home, and business. I urge you to take hurricane watches and warnings seriously. Please plan ahead for your family’s safety, and encourage your neighbors to do the same. 
f 
REMEMBERING SELMER LELAND Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Selmer T. Leland, a decorated World War I veteran and longtime resident of Kalispell, MT. Unfortunately Selmer is no longer with us, so I will be presenting his son, Orland Leland, with the medals he earned for his heroic service during World War I. Orland, on behalf of myself, my fel-low Montanans, and my fellow Ameri-cans, I would like to acknowledge your father’s remarkable sacrifice and serv-ice to this Nation and thank you for your unwavering commitment to keep-ing his legacy alive. Selmer was born on April 30, 1894, in Abercrombie, ND, to Isak and Sanna Leland. He grew up alongside his seven sib-lings on their family farm in North Da-kota. When Selmer was 8, the family moved to Canada. Later, when he grew old enough, Selmer ventured out on his own to Montana, becoming a farmer in Big Sandy, before enlisting in the army at the age of 23. It was in October of 1917 when Selmer joined the American Expeditionary Forces in France as a private of Com-pany G, 2nd Battalion, 16th Infantry Regiment, 1st Infantry Brigade, 1st Di-vision. Selmer was shipped off, and by May of 1918, he had earned his first Purple Heart, after enduring an onslaught of mustard gas in weeks leading up to the Battle of Cantigny. The attack cost him a lung and re-sulted in lifelong respiratory issues. Just 10 weeks later, Selmer took a bullet to the shoulder in the Second Battle of Marne, earning him a bronze oakleaf cluster to adorn his Purple Heart. He also sustained shrapnel wounds to his chest and, as his son Orland proudly tells it, he died, more than 60 years later, with that bullet still in his arm. Despite these two devastating inju-ries, Selmer persevered, spending an-other year overseas, even after the war had ended, as a member of the Amer-ican occupation forces in Germany. When he finally returned to the States, in September of 1919, his com-pany was invited to Washington, DC, to meet President Woodrow Wilson, so he could thank them personally for their service. Eventually, Selmer moved back to his family’s homestead in Canada to farm again. This is where he met the love of his life, Clara. Clara was a Kalispell girl, born and raised, who was visiting family up in Canada when she met Selmer. The two fell in love, and, in February of 1924, they returned to Kalispell to get married. By December, they had their first son, Robert Leland, who followed in his father’s footsteps by joining the Army during WWII and fighting in the Battle of the Bulge. Robert eventually had five kids: Marvin, Melvin, Shirley, Mark, and Robert, Jr., who went on to serve in Vietnam. Both Robert and Robert, Jr., have since passed on, but their generations of service won’t soon be forgotten. After spending some time in the Pa-cific Northwest, the family eventually settled down in Kalispell, where Selmer spent his career as a sawmill worker until retiring at the age of 65, but his work was far from done. After retiring from the sawmill, Selmer became a logger, heading to work every day in the forests well into his seventies. Twenty years after the birth of their first son, Clara and Selmer, now 50, welcomed their second son, Orland, who I have the distinct pleasure of being with today. Both Orland and his wife, Janet, were born and raised in Kalispell and still reside here today. Orland, who was a firefighter for 30 years, and Janet, who is the volunteer director at the Kalispell Regional Med-ical Center, have both continued this family’s legacy of dedicated public service. They also have five children— Dianna, Kevin, Tammy, Sam, and Curt—some of whom are here with us today. Thank you all for being here to cele-brate Selmer’s life, legacy, and history. I have the profound honor of pre-senting Selmer’s son Orland Leland with his father’s WWI medals: Purple Heart with one bronze oakleaf cluster; World War I Victory Medal with Montdidier Noyon, Aisne-Marne, St. Mihiel and Meuse-Argonne Battle Clasps and France Service Clasp; and World War I Victory Button—Silver. Orland, these medals serve as a small token of our country’s appreciation for your father’s heroic service and pro-found sacrifice. He is truly an American hero, and we have the utmost gratitude for his serv-ice. f 
REMEMBERING FRED DE ROCHE Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Fred D. De Roche, a decorated World War II veteran, Black-feet tribal member, and lifelong resi-dent of Browning, MT. Fred was killed in action, bravely de-fending this Nation, so I will be pre-senting his son, Art De Roche, with the medals his father earned during World War II. Art, on behalf of myself, my fellow Montanans, and my fellow Americans, I would like to acknowledge your fa-ther’s gallant service to this Nation and thank you for the sacrifices you have made, losing your father at such a young age. Fred was born on April 3, 1924, to Charlie and Annie De Roche in Brown-ing, MT. He grew up with many siblings, rais-ing cows and horses on his family’s ranch on the Blackfeet reservation. He eventually met his wife, Mildred Underbear, and soon after getting mar-ried, the couple discovered they were pregnant. As many of you know, Native Ameri-cans have always exhibited a deep and profound love of country, enlisting in the military at higher rates than any other ethnic group. Fred was no different. In fact, Fred had enlisted in the Army earlier that year, alongside his cousin, Billy Wolftail. In the ultimate act of patriotism, Fred deployed before his son, Art, was born on February 11, 1943. Fred was sent to Belgium, where he served as a private in the Headquarters Company’s 39th Infantry Regiment, 9th Infantry Division. It was there that Fred earned his Bronze Star Medal on October 15, 1944, for meritorious achievement in active ground combat. A little more than 2 months later, on December 21, 1944, Fred fought his last battle in courageous service to this great Nation. He was awarded a Purple Heart for his valor and bravery. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.051 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2874 May 17, 2016 
On Memorial Day 2015, the Blackfeet Nation was honored at the Montana Veterans Memorial in Great Falls. I was proud to be the main speaker at that event, where 162 tiles were added to the walls of the memorial, in rec-ognition of military veterans from the Blackfeet Nation. Mr. Fred DeRoche was one of the names added that day. Fred died in battle, but his spirit and legacy live on in his son, Art, who I have the distinct pleasure of being here with today. Art was raised by his great-grand-mother, Rosie Big Beaver, on the Blackfeet reservation. He grew up in Browning, married his wife, Shirley, and together, they raised three beautiful children here: Arthur, Jr., David James, and Jolene Anne. Thank you all for being here to cele-brate Fred’s life and legacy of service to our State, the Blackfeet people, and this great Nation. I have the profound honor of pre-senting Fred’s son, Art De Roche, with his father’s medals: Bronze Star; Pur-ple Heart; European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with one Bronze Service Star; World War II Vic-tory Medal; Combat Infantryman Badge; Belgian Fourragere; and Honor-able Service Lapel Button WWII Art, these medals serve as a small token of our country’s appreciation for your father’s heroic service and pro-found sacrifice. He is truly an American hero, and we are eternally grateful for his service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE POLYNESIAN VOYAGING SOCIETY AND THE MALAMA HONUA WORLDWIDE VOYAGE Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, Hawaii’s traditional Polynesian voyaging canoe Hokulea and her crew are in the Wash-ington, DC, area this week as part of its Malama Honua Worldwide Voyage. I would like to congratulate and honor the Polynesian Voyaging Society for its work in bringing about this signifi-cant endeavor to raise awareness of global sustainability while sharing tra-ditional Polynesian navigation prac-tices and creating global relationships through cultural exchanges. Hokulea will voyage over 60,000 miles to 100 ports in 27 nations, including 12 Marine World Heritage sites identified by the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization. Established in 1973, the Polynesian Voyaging Society developed a new gen-eration of Polynesian navigators, per-petuating the teachings of Master Nav-igator Mau Piailug from the island of Satawal in the Federated States of Mi-cronesia. The Polynesian Voyaging So-ciety is largely credited with revolu-tionizing the perception of Polynesian- style voyaging as a sophisticated form of sailing and navigation. In 1976, the Polynesian Voyaging So-ciety completed construction of the double-hulled voyaging canoe named Hokulea, which translates to ‘‘star of gladness.’’ Hokulea is the first tradi-tional voyaging canoe to be built in Hawaii in over 600 years and has since served as a cultural ambassador of Ha-waii to the world. Crew members observed patterns in the stars, sun, moon, wind, and ocean swells to guide Hokulea to Tahiti on her inaugural journey. The voyage demonstrated that Polynesian wayfinding methods could successfully be used to travel on long-distance jour-neys and revived a navigational meth-od many assumed was lost. In 2013, Hokulea and her sister canoe Hikianalia embarked on a journey around the State of Hawaii before com-mencing a 36-month worldwide voyage named Malama Honua, which means ‘‘to care for our Earth.’’ Since the journey began, Hokulea has visited 24 islands and six countries across Polynesia, Mauritius, South Af-rica, Brazil, and the East Coast of the United States, visiting States Florida, South Carolina, North Carolina, Vir-ginia, New York, and Washington, DC. I extend my deepest congratulations to the Polynesian Voyaging Society and the crews of Hokulea and Hikianalia and wish them smooth sail-ing as they continue the Malama Honua Worldwide Voyage. I look forward to hearing of their many adventures upon completion of the voyage, and I encourage all of my colleagues to visit Hokulea while she is docked in Washington, DC. f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL PAUL J. TAYLOR Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to COL Paul J. Taylor for his inspiring and honorable dedication to the U.S. Army and service to our Nation. Paul spent a year on Capitol Hill as an Army Congressional Fellow in the U.S. Senate where he learned valuable skills that prepared him for his service the last 3 years as a Con-gressional Budget Liaison for the Sec-retary of the Army. In this capacity, I have found Paul to be a critical re-source and trusted confidant on all matters related to supporting our Army. Colonel Taylor was nominated to at-tend the U.S. Military Academy from his home State of Connecticut and was commissioned an armor officer in 1993. Colonel Taylor has served in a broad range of armor and cavalry assign-ments during his 23 years of service. As a junior officer, he served as a tank platoon leader, executive officer, and battalion maintenance officer in the 1st Infantry Division at Fort Riley, in my own State of Kansas. During his time with the Big Red One, he met the former Amy S. Boydston, from Centerville, KS. The two were married at Fort Riley and have experienced more than 20 years of Army life to-gether, along with their three daugh-ters: Lauren, Abigail, and Ella Kate. Following his time at Fort Riley, Colonel Taylor attended advanced training at Fort Knox, KY, and stayed to command two armor companies in the 1st Armored Training Brigade. Upon completion of command, Colonel Taylor was stationed in Doha, Qatar, as the operations officer responsible for one of the Army’s forward positioned headquarters in the Middle East. After returning from Qatar, Colonel Taylor was assigned to the National Training Center at Fort Irwin, CA, the Army’s premier training center, where he helped train units for deployment for 4 years. Colonel Taylor was next as-signed to Fort Hood, TX, where he served as a brigade and battalion oper-ations officer and executive officer in 4th Infantry Division, including a de-ployment to Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq. Following his assignment at Fort Hood, Colonel Taylor was selected through a highly competitive process to serve as an Army Congressional Fel-low on the personal staff of my col-league Senator JOHNCORNYN of Texas. Following his fellowship, he was as-signed to the Army’s Office of the Chief of Legislative Liaison, where he served for 2 years as the Army’s primary liai-son for personnel issues to the U.S. Congress and the Armed Services Com-mittees. During this assignment, Colonel Tay-lor was selected for command of 1st Squadron, 32d Cavalry, in the 101st Air-borne Division at Fort Campbell, KY. Following command, he returned to the Pentagon, where he served for 3 years as a congressional budget liaison officer in the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Financial Management and Comptroller. He expertly managed the Army’s procure-ment and research, development, test, and evaluation portfolios, liaising with the House and Senate Appropriations Committees to provide critical re-sources for Army warfighters. His most recent assignment was the office’s sen-ior budget liaison, providing day-to- day leadership to 15 other budget liai-sons who greatly benefited from his guidance and mentorship. Over the last several years, Colonel Taylor has developed a close working relationship with my office. As much as his Kansas ties mean to me and my staff, equally valued is Paul’s strength of character and humble approach in serving others. He represents the best in our Army, and he will always be wel-come in my office and as part of our Kansas community. I wish Paul, his wife Amy, and his daughters Lauren, Abigail, and Ella Kate the very best as they transition from Army life and move home to Kansas. On behalf of a grateful nation, I join my colleagues today in recognizing and commending COL Paul Taylor for more than 23 years of service to his country. Paul’s leadership throughout his career has positively impacted his soldiers, peers, and superiors. We wish Paul, his wife Amy, and their children all the best as they continue their journey of service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.056 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2875 May 17, 2016 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
SAMSUNG SOLVE FOR TOMORROW STEM EDUCATION COMPETITION ∑Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate a group of eighth-grade students at Horizon Mid-dle School in Aurora, CO. Recently I met with Simon-Peter Frimpong and Grayson Fast who participated in the Samsung Solve for Tomorrow STEM Education Competition. Grayson, Simon-Peter, and their classmates were among just five grand prize win-ners out of more than 4,000 contestants nationwide. This competition brings together schools from across the coun-try to encourage the use of science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics, STEM, to solve complicated problems. As a national winner of this competition, Horizon Middle School will receive funds to purchase cutting- edge technology for their school. To win this competition, the stu-dents at Horizon Middle School created a more comfortable and versatile pros-thetic limb for a local veteran. Along with providing more comfortable ev-eryday use, the students designed mul-tiple attachments, including an attach-ment for a longboard, to allow him to participate in various activities. This project required enormous amounts of time and dedication, as well as an in- depth study of STEM disciplines. Along this journey, the students had the unending support of their teacher Melinda Possehl and the school’s prin-cipal, Nichole Bell. Congratulations again to the stu-dents of Horizon Middle School on your outstanding accomplishment. I look forward to what the future has in store for these tremendously bright stu-dents.∑ 
f 
ALWAYS FREE HONOR FLIGHT ∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, with immense pride, I wish to recognize the 25 heroic veterans who have traveled to Washington from West Virginia on this year’s Always Free Honor Flight this week. This truly moving event serves as a unique opportunity for us to honor and share our deepest gratitude for these individuals who have sacrificed so much in the service of our great Na-tion. With one of our country’s highest per capita rates of military servicemembers and veterans, West Virginia is undoubtedly one of our Na-tion’s most patriotic States. Through-out the history of the Mountain State, our citizens have demonstrated the bravery and selflessness time and again in making tremendous sacrifices to keep our homeland safe and free. Ac-cording to the Department of Defense, West Virginia had the highest casualty rate in the Nation during the Vietnam war, and I am so proud that the honor flight will allow these West Virginia veterans to pay homage to their breth-ren at the Vietnam wall. As these vet-erans tour the monuments that have been constructed in their honor, I offer my sincerest thanks to them on behalf of our Nation for their service. The veterans joining us in Wash-ington hail from across West Virginia, from Scott Depot and Princeton to Rainelle and Lewisburg. They have served in World War II, the Korean war, the Vietnam war, during the Cold War prior to the Berlin Wall’s collapse, and the wars in the Middle East. They have participated in decisive overseas battles and won myriad accolades for their accomplishments in uniform. First and foremost, I wish to remem-ber PO3 Earnest McKenzie, an Athens, WV, native, who joined the U.S. Navy in 1955 and served on the USS Brownson in the Vietnam war. He was supposed to attend this week’s honor flight to visit the memorials made in his honor, but he sadly passed away on Friday at the age of 75. My thoughts and prayers are with his family during this sad time, and I sincerely thank him for his service and sacrifice. I especially wish to recognize our World War II veterans who will be on this honor flight. Ninety-four year old former SN William ‘‘Ray’’ Calvin Sex-ton from Tazewell, joined the Navy in Bramwell, WV, in 1943 and was a gun-ner stationed in Panama and the Gala-pagos Islands. We will also be joined by Machinist Mate Third Class Marion Grey Noel, who joined the Navy in the 1940s and bravely fought at the battle of Iwo Jima and Okinawa. These men truly represent the sac-rifices made by our Nation’s ‘‘greatest generation’’ and embody American pa-triotism and valor. They fearlessly fought in such a pivotal war in an era that threatened our existence as a na-tion. We are losing so many of our World War II veterans every day, and the time to show our utmost gratitude to them is here and now. I also wish to highlight the tremen-dous achievements of two Vietnam war veterans who will be on this honor flight. Mabscott, WV, native, former SPC Raymond C. Palmer joined the Army in 1967 and fought in the 1968 Tet Offensive when the Vietcong and North Vietnamese forces launched a series of attacks on scores of towns and cities through South Vietnam. Another Viet-nam veteran participating in this week’s honor flight is SSG Michael A. Hudnall of Rainelle, WV, who joined the Army in 1969. Staff Sergeant Hudnall served in the 1st Air Cavalry stationed in Bien Hoa and earned two Purple Hearts, two Bronze Stars, and two Air Medals. Their dedication to our Nation knows no bounds, and I thank them for their service. I also wish to recognize Army SFC Paul W. Dorsey of Bluefield, WV, who joined the Army in 1978. Sergeant First Class Dorsey served the United States for 10 years in Germany, more than 3 of which he was stationed in Berlin prior to the Wall’s collapse. Following his return home, Sergeant First Class Dor-sey went on to serve an additional dec-ade stateside and continues to give back to his community. He is a JROTC instructor at Montcalm High School in Mercer City and serves as vice presi-dent of the Always Free Honor Flight network. Thank you, Sergeant First Class Dorsey, for your lifelong commit-ment to the U.S. military and our vet-erans. The veterans participating in this week’s honor flight range in age from 54 to 94 and have fought for our free-dom in many historic events. This week, as we celebrate these incredible veterans and their answering our Na-tion’s call of duty, we must remember that the men and women who have given so much to ensure America’s safety deserve the utmost care and sup-port upon their return home. We must continue to fight for a De-partment of Veterans Affairs that pro-vides our veterans with the services they very much need and deserve. This week’s honor flight and the con-tinued support of our veterans would not be possible without the dedication of so many volunteers and caregivers. I wish to thank the JROTC cadets from Princeton, Montcalm, Bluefield, and Pikeview high schools, as well as the military spouses serving as the guard-ians on this year’s honor flight. The care and love you provide for our vet-erans is invaluable and deeply appre-ciated. I also commend those in the Always Free Honor Flight network for their dedication to providing our veterans with such a unique and meaningful ex-perience. My gratitude especially goes out to Dreama Denver, president of Al-ways Free Honor Flight network and owner Little Buddy Radio of Princeton, WV, as well as Pam Coulbourne, the co-ordinator of these flights. Dreama and Pam launched the Always Free Honor Flight in 2012 and have been making the dreams of West Virginia’s veterans a reality every year since. They, along with Sergeant First Class Dorsey and board member and official photog-rapher Steve Coleman, have done a tre-mendous job of ensuring that our vet-erans receive the recognition they de-serve. Dreama, Pam, and Steve have also dedicated themselves to the Den-ver Foundation, serving as incredible examples of how individuals can give back to their communities. Our Nation would not enjoy the free-dom and liberty we do today without the commitment and sacrifice of the veterans who have served throughout our history. Their bravery and sacrifice know no bounds, and for this, we are forever grateful. With this week’s Al-ways Free Honor Flight, we celebrate and give thanks for these veterans and all they have done for our country. God bless our many servicemembers and veterans, the great State of West Virginia, and the United States of America.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TAD FELTS ∑Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, in a rural State like my own, where many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.054 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2876 May 17, 2016 
Kansans live more than half an hour from the nearest neighboring town, communities are stitched together by what they hear on the radio. For more than 40 years, Tad Felts has been broadcasting high school ath-letics and reporting north central Kan-sas news for KKAN–KQMA radio in Phillipsburg, but after several decades chronicling hundreds—or more likely thousands—of sporting events, Tad de-cided a couple years back it was time to watch a few more games from the bleachers rather than the press box. Now, this month, he will retire from radio altogether. Tad first started his radio career in Garden City at KIUL as a high school sophomore in 1948, working after school and at night for free. During his time at KIUL, his main duties were cleaning the floors and playing records. While he was a student at Fort Hays State University in 1951, Tad worked at KAYS radio station in Hays and upon graduation at KLOE in Goodland. Tad found his eventual home with the team at KKAN–KQMA in Phillipsburg in 1972. Given his decades of experience in broadcasting, Tad knows the business well and takes great joy in teaching others. Gerard Wellbrock, the sports director of KAYS radio in Hays and the voice of the Fort Hays State Univer-sity Tigers said this about Tad: ‘‘He was a good mentor, I learned so much from him. The work ethic, how to deal with people, the relations you build with athletic directors and coaches. It’s hard not to like Tad. And you learned a lot about work, and life, just by being around him.’’ In gyms across north central Kansas, the KKAN–KQMA banner can be seen at high school basketball games, wres-tling tournaments, and State cham-pionships. In fact, it is because of Tad’s dedication that the radio station is so often present. Families who can’t make the game in person, often because they are working long hours on the farm, es-pecially appreciate local radio hosts being there because they can still catch the details of the game. In rural America, entire communities revolve around how the high school sports team is doing. It is a common topic of conversation while standing in the checkout line at the grocery store or while dining at a neighborhood res-taurant. By no means is Tad a one-trick pony, though. Cherished equal to his sports reporting are his updates from the field during wheat harvest season, in which Tad will drive straight up to a farmer in his combine and record an interview from the cab. This is in addition to the full slate of city council and school board meetings, county fairs, and an-nual parades. For years, Tad’s knowledge and sunny disposition has greeted folks tuning in to local radio. One former peer of Tad’s said this about the sig-nificant impact he has made: ‘‘KKAN– KQMA Radio has played an integral role in the lives of people in the Phil-lipsburg area, and Tad has always been a driving force behind that station’s programming and its scope of commu-nity service.’’ His professionalism was recognized by his peers when Tad was inducted into the Kansas Association of Broad-casters Hall of Fame in 2010. Inductees to the hall of fame are selected based upon their contributions to the broad-casting profession, their broadcast ca-reer, and their recognition and awards received, and Tad is an extremely de-serving recipient. Today I want to express my gratitude to Tad Felts for helping to strengthen the close bonds of rural communities through his years of faithful service. I want to congratulate him on a job well done for the past nearly six decades. Tad’s been a tremendous friend to me over the years, and his work has served as a bedrock for many of the commu-nities I grew up in and care deeply about. Tad, I wish you all the best and thank you for everything you have done to improve the lives of so many in our great State.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Mrs. Neiman, one of his secretaries. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13047 OF MAY 20, 1997, WITH RE-SPECT TO BURMA—PM 48 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to Burma that was declared on May 20, 1997, is to continue in effect beyond May 20, 2016. The Government of Burma has made significant progress across a number of important areas since 2011, including the release of over 1,300 political pris-oners, a peaceful and competitive elec-tion, the signing of a Nationwide Ceasefire Agreement with eight ethnic armed groups, the discharge of hun-dreds of child soldiers from the mili-tary, steps to improve labor standards, and expanding political space for civil society to have a greater voice in shap-ing issues critical to Burma’s future. In addition, Burma has become a signa-tory of the International Atomic En-ergy Agency’s Additional Protocol and ratified the Biological Weapons Con-vention, significant steps towards sup-porting global non-proliferation. De-spite these strides, the situation in the country continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the na-tional security and foreign policy of the United States. Concerns persist regarding continued obstacles to full civilian control of the government, the ongoing conflict and human rights abuses in the country, particularly in ethnic minority areas, and military trade with North Korea. In addition, Burma’s security forces, operating with little oversight from the civilian government, often act with impunity. We are further concerned that prisoners remain detained and that police continue to arrest critics of the government for peacefully express-ing their views. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to con-tinue the national emergency with re-spect to Burma. Despite this action, the United States remains committed to working with both the new government and the people of Burma to ensure that the democratic transition is irreversible. B ARACK OBAMA .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , May 17, 2016. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:54 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, without amendment: 
S. 1492. An act to direct the Administrator of General Services, on behalf of the Archi-vist of the United States, to convey certain Federal property located in the State of Alaska to the Municipality of Anchorage, Alaska. S. 2143. An act to provide for the authority for the successors and assigns of the Starr- Camargo Bridge Company to maintain and operate a toll bridge across the Rio Grande near Rio Grande City, Texas, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1150. An act to amend the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterter-rorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to religious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes. H.R. 1887. An act to authorize the Comp-troller General of the United States to assess 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.055 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2877 May 17, 2016 
a study on the alternatives for the disposi-tion of Plum Island Animal Disease Center, and for other purposes. H.R. 3832. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prevent tax-related identity theft and tax fraud, and for other purposes. H.R. 4407. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the De-partment of Homeland Security a board to coordinate and integrate departmental intel-ligence, activities, and policy related to counterterrorism, and for other purposes. H.R. 4743. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to work with cybersecurity consortia for training, and for other purposes. H.R. 4780. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a com-prehensive strategy for Department of Homeland Security operations abroad, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the following con-current resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 88. Concurrent resolution re-affirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as cornerstones of United States-Taiwan relations. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 12:32 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 1523. An act to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to reauthorize the Na-tional Estuary Program, and for other pur-poses. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 6:04 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, with amendments, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 524. An act to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the na-tional epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
The message further announced that the House insists upon its amendments to the bill (S. 524) to authorize the At-torney General to award grants to ad-dress the national epidemics of pre-scription opioid abuse and heroin use, and asks a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon; and appoints the fol-lowing Members as managers of the conference on the part of the House: For consideration of the Senate bill and the House amendments, and modi-fications committed to conference: Messrs. U
PTON , PITTS, LANCE , GUTHRIE , K
INZINGER of Illinois, B UCSHON , Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Messrs. G OODLATTE , S
ENSENBRENNER , S MITH of Texas, M
ARINO , COLLINS of Georgia, T ROTT , B
ISHOP of Michigan, M CCARTHY , PAL-
LONE , BENRAYLUJAN of New Mexico, S
ARBANES , GENEGREEN of Texas, C ON-
YERS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. E STY, Ms. K
USTER , and Mr. C OURTNEY . From the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for consideration of title VII of the House amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. BARLETTA , CARTER of Georgia, and S
COTT of Virginia. From the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for consideration of title III of the House amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. R
UIZ. From the Committee on Ways and Means, for consideration of section 705 of the Senate bill, and section 804 of the House amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Messrs. M
EEHAN , DOLD, and M CDERMOTT . 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1150. An act to amend the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 to improve the ability of the United States to advance religious freedom globally through enhanced diplomacy, training, counterter-rorism, and foreign assistance efforts, and through stronger and more flexible political responses to religious freedom violations and violent extremism worldwide, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. H.R. 3832. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prevent tax-related identity theft and tax fraud, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. H.R. 4407. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the De-partment of Homeland Security a board to coordinate and integrate departmental intel-ligence, activities, and policy related to counterterrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 4743. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to work with cybersecurity consortia for training, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 4780. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop a com-prehensive strategy for Department of Homeland Security operations abroad, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
The following concurrent resolution was read, and referred as indicated: 
H. Con. Res. 88. Concurrent resolution re-affirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as cornerstones of United States-Taiwan relations; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment: S. 2937. An original bill to authorize appro-priations for the Department of State for fis-cal year 2017, and for other purposes. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. C
OATS ): S. 2935. A bill to limit the availability of public housing for over-income families; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL: S. 2936. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to protect children’s health by denying any deduction for advertising and marketing directed at children to promote the consumption of food of poor nutritional quality; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CORKER: S. 2937. An original bill to authorize appro-priations for the Department of State for fis-cal year 2017, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Foreign Relations; placed on the calendar. By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. E
NZI, and Mr. B
ARRASSO ): S. 2938. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to reestablish the Royalty Policy Committee in order to further a more con-sultative process with key Federal, State, tribal, environmental, and energy stake-holders, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. VITTER: S. 2939. A bill to prohibit the provision of Federal funds to State and local govern-ments for payment of obligations, to pro-hibit the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System from financially assisting State and local governments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 2940. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to align physician super-vision requirements under the Medicare pro-gram for radiology services performed by ad-vanced level radiographers with State re-quirements; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. R UBIO, and Ms. C ANT-
WELL ): S. 2941. A bill to require a study on women and lung cancer, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CORKER (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. 2942. A bill to extend certain privileges and immunities to the Gulf Cooperation Council; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. K ING, Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. E NZI, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. C OTTON , Ms. H
IRONO , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. C
RAPO , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. D AINES , Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. T ILLIS , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. B ENNET , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
RUZ, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. W ICKER , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.013 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2878 May 17, 2016 
Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. L ANKFORD , and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. Res. 468. A resolution designating the week of May 15 through May 21, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Police Week’’; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 440 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 440, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for an ex-clusion for assistance provided to par-ticipants in certain veterinary student loan repayment or forgiveness. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1212, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Small Busi-ness Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1566 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1566, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to require group and individual health insurance coverage and group health plans to pro-vide for coverage of oral anticancer drugs on terms no less favorable than the coverage provided for anticancer medications administered by a health care provider. 
S. 1682 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1682, a bill to extend the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 and to require the Secretary of the Treasury to report on the use by Iran of funds made avail-able through sanctions relief. 
S. 1911 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1911, a bill to implement policies to end preventable maternal, newborn, and child deaths globally. 
S. 2031 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2031, a bill to reduce temporarily the royalty required to be paid for so-dium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes. 
S. 2217 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2217, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to im-prove and clarify certain disclosure re-quirements for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring pro-ceedings under section 403A. S. 2235 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2235, a bill to repeal debt collec-tion amendments made by the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2015. 
S. 2531 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) and the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2531, a bill to authorize State and local governments to divest from entities that engage in com-merce-related or investment-related boycott, divestment, or sanctions ac-tivities targeting Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2611 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2611, a bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to replace the Federal Election Commission with the Federal Election Administration, and for other purposes. 
S. 2653 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2653, a bill to direct the Sec-retary of Education to establish an award program recognizing excellence exhibited by public school system em-ployees providing services to students in prekindergarten through higher edu-cation. 
S. 2659 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2659, a bill to reaffirm that the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency cannot regulate vehicles used solely for com-petition, and for other purposes. 
S. 2712 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2712, a bill to restore amounts improperly withheld for tax purposes from severance payments to individuals who retired or separated from service in the Armed Forces for combat-related injuries, and for other purposes. 
S. 2752 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2752, a bill to prohibit the facilita-tion of certain financial transactions involving the Government of Iran or Iranian persons and to impose sanc-tions with respect to the facilitation of those transactions, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2816 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2816, a bill to reauthorize the die-sel emissions reduction program. S. 2835 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2835, a bill to amend the National Dam Safety Program Act to establish a pro-gram to provide grant assistance for the rehabilitation and repair of high hazard potential dams, and for other purposes. 
S. 2854 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ), the Senator from Illi-nois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2854, a bill to reauthor-ize the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007. 
S. 2870 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2870, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to prevent retaliation in the military, and for other purposes. 
S. 2872 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2872, a bill to require the Government Accountability Office to submit to Congress a report on neo-natal abstinence syndrome (NAS) in the United States and its treatment under Medicaid. 
S. 2877 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2877, a bill to amend title 32, United States Code, to specify the availability of certain funds provided by the Department of Defense to States for drug interdiction and counter-drug activities. 
S. 2901 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2901, a bill to enhance defense and secu-rity cooperation with India, and for other purposes. 
S. 2921 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2921, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the account-ability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve health care and benefits for veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2930 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2930, a bill to ensure that Federal fund-ing for the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change com-plies with applicable statutory limita-tions. 
S. CON. RES. 36 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Arkansas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.019 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2879 May 17, 2016 
(Mr. B OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Con. Res. 36, a concurrent res-olution expressing support of the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to re-affirm its commitment to that goal through a financial commitment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs. 
S. RES. 349 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 349, a resolution con-gratulating the Farm Credit System on the celebration of its 100th anniver-sary. 
S. RES. 466 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Or-egon (Mr. W
YDEN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 466, a resolution rec-ognizing National Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges of children in the foster-care system, and encouraging Congress to implement policy to im-prove the lives of children in the fos-ter-care system. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3897 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ES-
SIONS ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3897 proposed to H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3916 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3916 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3922 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 3922 proposed to H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3925 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) and the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. WICKER ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 3925 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. E
NZI, and Mr. B ARRASSO ): S. 2938. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to reestablish the Roy-alty Policy Committee in order to fur-ther a more consultative process with key Federal, State, tribal, environ-mental, and energy stakeholders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2938 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Certainty for States and Tribes Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘Committee’’ means the Royalty Policy Committee rees-tablished under section 3(a). (2) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the State and Tribal Resources Board estab-lished under section 3(c). (3) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. RECONSTITUTION OF THE ROYALTY POL-ICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall reestablish the Royalty Pol-icy Committee in accordance with the char-ter of the Secretary dated March 26, 2010, ex-cept as otherwise provided in this Act. (b) C
ORRECTIONS AND UPDATES .—In reestab-lishing the Committee, the Secretary shall make appropriate technical corrections and updates to the charter of the Committee, in-cluding by revising— (1) all references to the Minerals Manage-ment Service or the Minerals Revenue Man-agement so as to refer to the Office of Nat-ural Resources Revenue; (2) the estimated number and frequency of meetings of the Committee so that the Com-mittee shall meet not less frequently than once each year; and (3) the non-Federal membership of the Committee to include— (A) not fewer than 5 members representing Governors of States that receive more than $10,000,000 annually in royalty revenues from Federal leases; and (B) not more than 5 members representing Indian tribes that are mineral-producing In-dian tribes under— (i) the Act of May 11, 1938 (commonly known as the ‘‘Indian Mineral Leasing Act of 1938’’) (25 U.S.C. 396a et seq.); (ii) title XXVI of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.); (iii) the Indian Mineral Development Act of 1982 (25 U.S.C. 2101 et seq.); or (iv) any other law relating to mineral de-velopment that is specific to 1 or more In-dian tribes. (c) ESTABLISHMENT OF SUBCOMMITTEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a subcommittee of the Committee, to be known as the ‘‘State and Tribal Resources Board’’. (2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Board shall be com-prised of the non-Federal members of the Committee described in subsection (b)(3). 
SEC. 4. REVIEW OF REGULATIONS AND POLICIES. 
(a) C ONSULTATION AND REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to any pro-posed regulation or policy relating to min-eral leasing policy for Federal land or Indian land for exploration, development, or pro-duction of oil, gas, or coal (including valu-ation methodologies and royalty and lease rates for oil, gas, or coal), not later than 180 days after the applicable date described in paragraph (2), the Committee shall— (A) assess the proposed regulation or pol-icy; and (B) issue a report that describes the poten-tial impact of the proposed regulation or pol-icy, including any State and tribal budg-etary and economic impacts described in subsection (b). (2) D
ATE DESCRIBED .—The date referred to in paragraph (1) is, as applicable— (A) with respect to a proposed regulation or policy issued on or after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the date of the issuance by the Secretary of the proposed regulation or policy; and (B) with respect to a proposed regulation or policy that is pending as of the date of en-actment of this Act, the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (b) S
TATE AND TRIBAL IMPACT DETERMINA -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To the maximum extent practicable, before any proposed regulation described in subsection (a)(1) is issued as a final rule, the Board shall publish a deter-mination of the impact of the regulation on school funding, public safety, and other es-sential State or Indian tribal government services. (2) D
ELAY REQUEST .—If the Board deter-mines that a regulation described in para-graph (1) will have a negative State or tribal budgetary or economic impact, the Board may request a delay in the issuance of the proposed regulation as a final rule for the purposes of further— (A) stakeholder consultation; (B) budgetary review; and (C) development of a proposal to mitigate the negative budgetary or economic impact. (3) L
IMITATION .—A delay under paragraph (2) shall not exceed a 180-day period begin-ning on the date on which the Board re-quested the delay. (c) R
EVISION OF PROPOSED REGULATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Before any proposed regu-lation described in subsection (a)(1) may be issued as a final rule, the Secretary shall take into account any negative State or trib-al budgetary or economic impact determined by the Committee under subsection (a)(1) and revise the proposed regulation to avoid the negative impact. (2) F
INAL RULE .—Any final regulation sub-ject to paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a summary of the report required under subsection (a)(1)(B); and (B) a clear explanation of why the rec-ommendations of that report (including the State and tribal determination under sub-section (b)(1)) were or were not taken into account in the finalization of the regulation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.016 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2880 May 17, 2016 
(d) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall submit to the Chairmen and Ranking Members of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Committee on In-dian Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report regarding the ex-planation under subsection (c)(2)(B) of why the recommendations of the report under subsection (a)(1)(B) (including the State and tribal determination under subsection (b)(1)) were or were not taken into account in the finalization of the regulation. 
SEC. 5. SPECIAL REVIEW OF PROGRAMMATIC EN-VIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT. 
(a) P ARTICIPANTS IN PROGRAMMATIC RE-
VIEW.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-grammatic review of coal leasing on Federal land as described in section 4 of Secretarial Order 3338, issued by the Secretary on Janu-ary 15, 2016, and entitled ‘‘Discretionary Pro-grammatic Environmental Impact State-ment to Modernize the Federal Coal Pro-gram’’, the Secretary shall confer with, and take into consideration the views of, rep-resentatives appointed to the review board described in paragraph (2). (2) R
EVIEW BOARD .—Each Governor of a State in which more than $10,000,000 in rev-enue is collected annually by the United States as bonus bids, royalties, and rentals, and fees for production of coal under leases of Federal land, may appoint not more than 3 representatives to a review board to carry out the programmatic review described in paragraph (1), not fewer than 1 of whom shall be a member of the Board. (3) D
EADLINE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall com-plete the programmatic review described in paragraph (1) not later than January 15, 2019. (B) F
AILURE TO MEET DEADLINE .—If the pro-grammatic review is not completed by the deadline described in subparagraph (A), the programmatic review shall be considered to be complete as of that deadline. (b) T
ERMINATION OF OTHER PROGRAMMATIC  R
EVIEW .—Beginning on January 16, 2019, no Federal funds may be used to carry out the programmatic review described in subsection (a)(1). (c) N
OIMPLEMENTATION REQUIREMENT .— Nothing in this section requires the Sec-retary to conduct or complete the pro-grammatic review or keep in effect the pause or moratorium on the issuance of new Fed-eral coal leases under the Secretarial order described in subsection (a)(1) after January 20, 2017. (d) T
ERMINATION OF MORATORIUM .—Effec- tive January 16, 2019— (1) the pause or moratorium on the issuance of new Federal coal leases under the Secretarial order referred to in subsection (a)(1) is terminated; and (2) that Secretarial order shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 6. GRANDFATHERING OF COAL LEASES ON APPLICATION AND COAL LEASE MODIFICATIONS. 
Nothing in Secretarial Order 3338, issued by the Secretary on January 15, 2016, and en-titled ‘‘Discretionary Programmatic Envi-ronmental Impact Statement to Modernize the Federal Coal Program’’ shall be consid-ered to prohibit or restrict any issuance of a coal lease on application, or modification to a coal lease on application pursuant to sub-part 3432 of part 3430 of title 43, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or successor regulations), for which the Bureau of Land Management has begun a review under section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) as of January 15, 2016. 
SEC. 7. DEADLINE FOR COAL LEASE SALES AND MODIFICATIONS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Secretary completes the analysis required under section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) for an application for a coal lease, or an application for a modification to a coal lease pursuant to subpart 3432 of part 3430 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), accepted by the Secretary, the Secretary shall conduct the lease sale and issue the lease, or approve the modification, unless the applicant indicates in writing that the applicant no longer seeks the lease or modification to the lease. f SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 468—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF MAY 15 THROUGH MAY 21, 2016, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL POLICE WEEK’’ Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. K ING, Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. E NZI, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. C OTTON , Ms. H
IRONO , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. C RAPO , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. D AINES , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. M ORAN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. B ENNET , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
RUZ, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. L ANKFORD , and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 468 Whereas, in 1962, John Fitzgerald Kennedy signed the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘Joint Resolution to authorize the President to pro-claim May 15 of each year as Peace Officers Memorial Day and the calendar week of each year during which such May 15 occurs as Po-lice Week’’ (36 U.S.C. 136); Whereas Federal, State, local, and tribal police officers, sheriffs, and other law en-forcement officers across the United States serve with valor, dignity and integrity; Whereas law enforcement officers are charged with pursuing justice for all individ-uals and performing their duties with fidel-ity to the constitutional and civil rights of the individuals that the law enforcement of-ficers serve; Whereas, in 2016, the Senate solemnly com-memorates the 25th anniversary of the Na-tional Law Enforcement Officers Memorial, a national monument that pays homage to the more than 20,000 law enforcement heroes who made the ultimate sacrifice for the safe-ty and protection of the United States and its people; Whereas, in 2016, on the 15th anniversary of the September 11th terrorist attacks against the United States, the Senate honors the memory of those who perished, including the 72 law enforcement officers who were lost on that fateful day, and recognizes the tireless efforts of the law enforcement community to protect the citizenry and homeland through diligent investigations that disrupt terrorist plots, stem the flow of financing to terrorist networks, and bring evildoers to justice; Whereas law enforcement officers selflessly serve their neighborhoods, often at the risk of their own personal safety, and remain res-olute in responding to calls for help despite their badges, at times, serving as a target for senseless acts of violence; Whereas the vigilance, compassion, and de-cency of law enforcement officers are the best defense of society against individuals who prowl communities seeking to do harm; Whereas Peace Officers Memorial Day, 2016, honors 123 law enforcement officers re-cently killed in the line of duty, including Joseph James Abdella, Gregory Thomas Alia, Darrell Lamond Allen, Adrian Arellano, James Matthew Bava, Gregg An-thony Benner, James Arthur Bennett, Jr., Sean Michael Bolton, Louis Michael Bonacasa, Robert James Bowling, Michael Alan Brandle, Vernell Brown, Jr., Stacey Lynn Case, Trevor John Casper, Craig An-thony Chandler, Eric Keith Chrisman, Mi-chael Anthony Cinco, Neville S. K. Colburn, David Lee Colley, Rodney Condall, Ryan P. Copeland, Gil C. Datan, Christopher A. Davis, Timothy A. Davison, Benjamin Jo-seph Deen, Nicholas Glenn Dees, Diane Digiacomo, Daniel Neil Ellis, Eric Alan Eslary, Jared J. Forsyth, Carlos Diamond Francies, Donald R. Fredenburg, Jr., Ricardo Galvez, Eligio Ruiz Garcia, Jr., Johnny Ed-ward Gatson, Juandre Devon Gilliam, Sr., Darren H. Goforth, John Ballard Gorman, Terence Avery Green, Arthur Adolph Green, III, Richard Allen Hall, Bryce Edward Hanes, Brent L. Hanger, Steven Brett Hawkins, Rosario Herna´ndez de Hoyos, Randolph A. Holder, Daryle S. Holloway, Carl G. Howell, Michael Jeremiah Johnson, Tronoski Dontel Jones, Jaimie Lynn Jursevics, William Karl Keesee, Christopher Dan Kelley, Korby Lee Kennedy, Sonny Lee Kim, Paul John Koropal, Thomas Joseph LaValley, Joseph G. Lemm, Noah Aaron Leotta, Anthony E. Lossiah, Scott Paul Lunger, Dwight Darren Maness, Richard K. Martin, Chester J. McBride, III, Eli M. McCarson, James Bryan McCrystal, Sr., John P. McKee, Roy D. McLaughlin, Eric O. Meier, Gregory Dale Mitchell, Charles Kerry Mitchum, Brian Raymond Moore, Gregory King Moore, Wil-liam J. Myers, David Joseph Nelson, Henry Andres Nelson, Ladson Lamar O’Connor, Roger Monroe Odell, Kerrie Sue Orozco, Miguel Joseph Perez-Rios, Joseph Cameron Ponder, Brennan Roger Rabain, Jeffrey Emmons Radford, Anthony A. Raspa, Lloyd E. Reed, Jr., Sean Patrick Renfro, Burke Jevon Rhoads, Frank Roma´n-Rodrı´guez, Elsa L. Rosa-Ortiz, Steven Martin Sandberg, Wil-liam C. Sheldon, Rick Lee Silva, Sonny Allan Smith, Iris Janett Smith, Nathan-Mi-chael William Smith, William Matthew Sol-omon, Luz M. Soto-Segarra, Michael Lynn Starrett, John Scott Stevens, Garrett Pres-ton Russell Swasey, Liquori Terja Tate, Peter Wagner Taub, Scott R. Thompson, Taylor Joseph Thyfault, Kevin Jermaine Toatley, Zacarias Toro, Jr., Clifford Scott Travis, Nathan John Van Oort, Sr., Peggy Marie Vassallo, Rosemary Vela, Steven J. Vincent, Adrianna Maria Vorderbruggen, Darryl Deon Wallace, James Marvin Wallen, Jr., Daniel Scott Webster, Josie Lamar Wells, Craig Stephen Whisenand, John James Wilding, Robert Francis Wilson, III, Chad H. Wolf, Richard Glenn Woods, Alex K. Yazzie, and Kyle David Young; and Whereas 35 law enforcement officers across the United States have made the ultimate sacrifice during the first 4 months of 2016: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of May 15 through May 21, 2016, as ‘‘National Police Week’’; (2) expresses strong support for law en-forcement officers across the United States for their efforts to build safer and more se-cure communities; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.021 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2881 May 17, 2016 
(3) recognizes the need to ensure that law enforcement officers have the equipment, training, and resources necessary to protect their health and safety while the law en-forcement officers are protecting the public; (4) recognizes the members of the law en-forcement community for their selfless acts of bravery; (5) acknowledges that police officers and other law enforcement officers who have made the ultimate sacrifice should be re-membered and honored; and (6) encourages the people of the United States to observe National Police Week with appropriate ceremonies and activities that promote awareness of the vital role of law enforcement officers in building safer and more secure communities across the United States. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3930. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and Mr. F
LAKE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3931. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3932. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3933. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3934. Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra. SA 3935. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3936. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3937. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3938. Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 pro-posed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra. SA 3939. Mr. CASEY submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3940. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. COLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3941. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra. SA 3942. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3943. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3944. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3945. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2040, to deter terrorism, provide justice for victims, and for other purposes. SA 3946. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3900 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. B
LUNT (for himself, Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C OCH-
RAN, Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. L EAHY )) to the amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appro-priations for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. SA 3947. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3948. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra. SA 3949. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3950. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3951. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3952. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3953. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. B
OOKER , and Mrs. B OXER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3954. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. K ING, and Ms. M URKOWSKI ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra. SA 3955. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3900 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. B LUNT (for himself, Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. L EAHY )) to the amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3956. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. R EED, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. F RANKEN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3957. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3900 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. B
LUNT (for himself, Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C OCH-
RAN, Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. L EAHY )) to the amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3958. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3900 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. B LUNT (for him- self, Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr . C OCHRAN , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, and Mr. L EAHY )) to the amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3959. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. K
ING, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Ms. A
YOTTE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 pro-posed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3960. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3900 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. B LUNT  (for himself, Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. L EAHY )) to the amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3961. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra. SA 3962. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3963. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3964. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3965. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.020 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2882 May 17, 2016 
H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3966. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3967. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3968. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3969. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3970. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. R
EED) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3971. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra. SA 3972. Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 pro-posed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3973. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3974. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3975. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3976. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3977. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3978. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3979. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3980. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 pro-posed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3981. Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. TOOMEY , Mr. C OATS , and Mr. P AUL) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3982. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3983. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3984. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3985. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3986. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3987. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2806, making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes.; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3988. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. S
ANDERS , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appro-priations for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3989. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. F
RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 pro-posed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3990. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3991. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3992. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3993. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. TESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3994. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3995. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3996. Mr. VITTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3997. Mr. KIRK submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3998. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 pro-posed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3999. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4000. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4001. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4002. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , and Mr. B OOKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS  (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4003. Ms. COLLINS (for Mr. S
ULLIVAN  (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , and Mr. M ARKEY )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1335, to implement the Convention on the Conserva-tion and Management of the High Seas Fish-eries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, as adopted at Tokyo on February 24, 2012, and for other purposes. SA 4004. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3930. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. F
LAKE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.024 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2883 May 17, 2016 
Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 191 in title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. ll. No funds shall be transferred into the Sport Fish Restoration and Boating Trust Fund pursuant to section 9503(c)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for use by the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice if the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service issues a compatibility determination to restrict motorized boats in Havasu Wildlife Refuge, Arizona. 
SA 3931. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. (a) Notwithstanding section 102(h) of the Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act of 1996 (22 U.S.C. 6032(h)) and section 910(b) of the Trade Sanc-tions Reform and Export Enhancement Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7209(b)), and except as pro-vided in subsection (b), none of the funds ap-propriated or otherwise made available by this Act or by any other Act may be used to directly or indirectly prohibit the provision of technical services otherwise permitted under an international air transportation agreement in the United States for an air-craft of a foreign air carrier that is en route to or from Cuba based on the restrictions set forth in part 515 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (commonly known as the ‘‘Cuban Assets Control Regulations’’). (b) This section shall not apply— (1) if— (A) the United States is at war with Cuba; (B) armed hostilities between the United States and Cuba are in progress; or (C) there is imminent danger to the public health or physical safety of United States citizens; or (2) to foreign air carriers that are owned by the Government of Cuba or are based in Cuba. 
SA 3932. Mr. KIRK submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: 
SEC. 251. INSPECTION OF KITCHENS AND FOOD SERVICE AREAS AT MEDICAL FA-CILITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually there-after, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide for the conduct of inspections of kitchens and food service areas at each med-ical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs to ensure that the same standards for kitchens and food service areas at hospitals in the private sector are being met at kitch-ens and food service areas at medical facili-ties of the Department. (b) AGREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall seek to enter into an agreement with the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Or-ganizations under which the Joint Commis-sion on Accreditation of Hospital Organiza-tions conducts the inspections required under subsection (a). (2) A
LTERNATE ORGANIZATION .—If the Sec-retary is unable to enter into an agreement described in paragraph (1) with the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Or-ganizations on terms acceptable to the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall seek to enter into such an agreement with another appropriate organization that— (A) is not part of the Federal Government; (B) operates as a not-for-profit entity; and (C) has expertise and objectivity com-parable to that of the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations. (c) R
EMEDIATION PLAN.— (1) I
NITIAL FAILURE .—If a kitchen or food service area of a medical facility of the De-partment is determined pursuant to an in-spection conducted under subsection (a) not to meet the standards for kitchens and food service areas in hospitals in the private sec-tor, that medical facility fails the inspection and the Secretary shall— (A) implement a remediation plan for that medical facility within 48 hours; and (B) Conduct a second inspection under sub-section (a) at that medical facility within 7 days of the failed inspection. (2) S
ECOND FAILURE .—If a medical facility of the Department fails the second inspec-tion conducted under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall close the kitchen or food service area at that medical facility that did not meet the standards for kitchens and food service areas in hospitals in the private sec-tor until remediation is completed and all kitchens and food service areas at that med-ical facility meet such standards. (3) P
ROVISION OF FOOD .—If a kitchen or food service area is closed at a medical facility of the Department pursuant to paragraph (2), the Director of the Veterans Integrated Service Network in which the medical facil-ity is located shall enter into a contract with a vendor approved by the General Serv-ices Administration to provide food at the medical facility. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) Q
UARTERLY .—Not less frequently than quarterly, the Director of each Veterans In-tegrated Service Network shall submit to Congress a report on inspections conducted under this section during that quarter at medical facilities of the Department under the jurisdiction of that Director. (2) S
UBSEQUENT PERIOD .—A Director of a Veterans Integrated Service Network may submit to Congress the report described in paragraph (1) not less frequently than semi-annually if the Director does not report any failed inspections for the one-year period preceding the submittal of the report. 
SA 3933. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Army shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (1) a detailed description of the age and condition of the aircraft maintenance hang-ars of the Army’s Combat Aviation Brigade; (2) an identification of the most deficient such hangers; (3) a plan to modernize or replace such hangars; and (4) a description of the resources required to modernize or replace such hangers. 
SA 3934. Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. P ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 223, line 9, after ‘‘interoper-ability:’’ insert the following: ‘‘Provided fur-ther, That, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, $300,000 shall be available to carry out a matching program with the De-partment of Education to identify veterans who are unemployable due to a service-con-nected disability and who are also borrowers of Federal student loans in order to stream-line and expedite the process through which such veterans may discharge their Federal student loans.’’. 
SA 3935. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: S
EC. 251. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall treat a marriage and family thera-pist described in subsection (b) as qualified to serve as a marriage and family therapist in the Department of Veterans Affairs, re-gardless of any requirements established by the Commission on Accreditation for Mar-riage and Family Therapy Education. (b) A marriage and family therapist de-scribed in this subsection is a therapist who meets each of the following criteria: (1) Has a masters or higher degree in mar-riage and family therapy, or a related field, from a regionally accredited institution. (2) Is licensed as a marriage and family therapist in a State (as defined in section 101(20) of title 38, United States Code) and possesses the highest level of licensure of-fered from the State. (3) Has passed the Association of Marital and Family Therapy Regulatory Board Ex-amination in Marital and Family Therapy or a related examination for licensure adminis-tered by a State (as so defined). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.026 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2884 May 17, 2016 
SA 3936. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: 
CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN TIME SPENT RE -
CEIVING MEDICAL CARE FROM SECRETARY OF  
DEFENSE AS ACTIVE DUTY FOR PURPOSES OF  
ELIGIBILITY FOR POST -9/11 EDUCATIONAL AS -
SISTANCE  S
EC. 251. Section 3301(1)(B) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘12301(h),’’ after ‘‘12301(g),’’. 
SA 3937. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: 
CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN TIME SPENT RE -
CEIVING MEDICAL CARE FROM SECRETARY OF  
DEFENSE AS ACTIVE DUTY FOR PURPOSES OF  
ELIGIBILITY FOR POST -9/11 EDUCATIONAL AS -
SISTANCE  S
EC. 251. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3301(1)(B) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘12301(h),’’ after ‘‘12301(g),’’. (b) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply as if such amendment were enacted immediately after the enactment of the Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–252). 
SA 3938. Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion B, insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) Of the amounts appropriated by section 132 of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2016 (division J of Public Law 114–13; 129 Stat. 2683), $30,000,000 is here-by rescinded. (b) Notwithstanding section 123 of this title, for an additional amount for fiscal year 2016 for ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’ in this title, $30,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, is provided for ad-vances to the Federal Highway Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, for con-struction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code. (c) This section shall become effective im-mediately upon enactment of this Act. SA 3939. Mr. CASEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, add the following: S
EC. ll. (a) During the 3-year period be-ginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration shall develop and carry out a scalable aerospace additive manufac-turing demonstration initiative, which shall focus on developing research and training to support certification of a range of aircraft components that are representative of indus-try applications to address barriers to the use of additive manufacturing in United States civil aerospace. (b) The demonstration initiative required by subsection (a) shall— (1) promote and facilitate collaboration among institutions of higher education, the commercial aircraft industry (including manufacturers, suppliers, and commercial air carriers), Manufacturing Innovation In-stitutes of the National Network for Manu-facturing Innovation administered by the Department of Commerce, and Manufac-turing Innovation Institutes administered by the Federal Aviation Administration; (2) identify and promote opportunities for collaboration and technical exchange among agencies involved in research related to scal-able additive manufacturing, including the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, the National Science Foundation, the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, and the Department of Energy; (3) develop a research and training pro-gram for basic and applied technical ad-vances related to additively manufactured aerospace components, including safety-crit-ical applications; and (4) develop and undertake research related to additive manufacturing processing sup-porting the certification of additively manu-factured components with institutions of higher education, industry, non-profit re-search institutes, and the Manufacturing In-novation Institutes described in paragraph (1). (c) The Administrator shall submit to Con-gress a report on the initiative required by subsection (a). 
SA 3940. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: S
EC. 251. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall use amounts appropriated or oth-erwise made available in this title to ensure that the ratio of veterans to full-time em-ployment equivalents within any program of rehabilitation conducted under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, does not exceed 125 veterans to one full-time employment equivalent. (b) Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the pro-grams of rehabilitation conducted under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code, in-cluding an assessment of the veteran-to-staff ratio for each such program. SA 3941. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 50 of division A, strike line 7 and all that follows through ‘‘Code:’’ on line 10, and insert the following: ‘‘up to $25,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 24407(c)(1) of title 49, United States Code; and not less than $25,000,000 shall be available to carry out paragraphs (2), (5), (6), (7) and (10) of section 24407(c) of such title:’’. 
SA 3942. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 114, line 11, strike ‘‘$10,501,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$10,301,000,000’’. 
SA 3943. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 80, line 10, strike ‘‘$16,431,696,000’’ and insert ‘‘$15,740,696,000’’. 
SA 3944. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: 
SEC. 251. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.027 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2885 May 17, 2016 
(1) The Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016, which was passed by the Senate on November 10, 2015, without a single vote cast against the bill, and the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2016 include the following amounts to be appropriated to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs: (A) $35,000,000 to make seismic corrections to Building 208 at the West Los Angeles Med-ical Center of the Department in Los Ange-les, California, which, according to the De-partment, is a building that is designated as having an exceptionally high risk of sus-taining substantial damage or collapsing during an earthquake. (B) $158,000,000 to provide for the construc-tion of a new research building, site work, and demolition at the San Francisco Vet-erans Affairs Medical Center. (C) $161,000,000 to replace Building 133 with a new community living center at the Long Beach Veterans Affairs Medical Center, which, according to the Department, is a building that is designated as having an ex-tremely high risk of sustaining major dam-age during an earthquake. (D) $468,800,000 for construction projects that are critical to the Department for en-suring health care access and safety at med-ical facilities in Louisville, Kentucky, Jef-ferson Barracks in St. Louis, Missouri, Perry Point, Maryland, American Lake, Wash-ington, Alameda, California, and Livermore, California. (2) The Department is unable to obligate or expend the amounts described in paragraph (1), other than for construction design, be-cause the Department lacks an explicit au-thorization by an Act of Congress pursuant to section 8104(a)(2) of title 38, United States Code, to carry out the major medical facility projects described in such paragraph. (3) Among the major medical facility projects described in paragraph (1), three are critical seismic safety projects in California. (4) Every day that the critical seismic safe-ty projects described in paragraph (3) are de-layed increases the risk of a life-threatening building failure in the case of a major seis-mic event. (5) According to the United States Geologi-cal Survey— (A) California has more than a 99 percent chance of experiencing an earthquake of magnitude 6.7 or greater in the next 30 years; (B) even earthquakes of less severity than magnitude 6.7 can cause life threatening damage to seismically unsafe buildings; and (C) in California, earthquakes of mag-nitude 6.0 or greater occur on average once every 1.2 years. (6) On January 20, 2016, the Senate passed this legislation by unanimous consent as S. 2422, 114th Congress. (b) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facility projects, with each project to be carried out in an amount not to exceed the amount specified for that project: (1) Seismic corrections to buildings, in-cluding retrofitting and replacement of high- risk buildings, in San Francisco, California, in an amount not to exceed $180,480,000. (2) Seismic corrections to facilities, includ-ing facilities to support homeless veterans, at the medical center in West Los Angeles, California, in an amount not to exceed $105,500,000. (3) Seismic corrections to the mental health and community living center in Long Beach, California, in an amount not to ex-ceed $287,100,000. (4) Construction of an outpatient clinic, administrative space, cemetery, and col-umbarium in Alameda, California, in an amount not to exceed $87,332,000. (5) Realignment of medical facilities in Livermore, California, in an amount not to exceed $194,430,000. (6) Construction of a medical center in Louisville, Kentucky, in an amount not to exceed $150,000,000. (7) Construction of a replacement commu-nity living center in Perry Point, Maryland, in an amount not to exceed $92,700,000. (8) Seismic corrections and other renova-tions to several buildings and construction of a specialty care building in American Lake, Washington, in an amount not to ex-ceed $16,260,000. (c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  C
ONSTRUCTION .—There is authorized to be ap-propriated to the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs for fiscal year 2016 or the year in which funds are appropriated for the Construction, Major Projects, account, $1,113,802,000 for the projects authorized in subsection (b). (d) L
IMITATION .—The projects authorized in subsection (b) may only be carried out using— (1) funds appropriated for fiscal year 2016 pursuant to the authorization of appropria-tions in subsection (c); (2) funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2016 that remain available for obligation; (3) funds available for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 that remain available for obligation; (4) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for fiscal year 2016 for a cat-egory of activity not specific to a project; (5) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year before fiscal year 2016 for a category of activity not spe-cific to a project; and (6) funds appropriated for Construction, Major Projects, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 for a category of activity not spe-cific to a project. 
SA 3945. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) proposed an amend-ment to the bill S. 2040, to deter ter-rorism, provide justice for victims, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS AND PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) International terrorism is a serious and deadly problem that threatens the vital in-terests of the United States. (2) International terrorism affects the interstate and foreign commerce of the United States by harming international trade and market stability, and limiting international travel by United States citi-zens as well as foreign visitors to the United States. (3) Some foreign terrorist organizations, acting through affiliated groups or individ-uals, raise significant funds outside of the United States for conduct directed and tar-geted at the United States. (4) It is necessary to recognize the sub-stantive causes of action for aiding and abet-ting and conspiracy liability under chapter 113B of title 18, United States Code. (5) The decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia in Halberstam v. Welch, 705 F.2d 472 (D.C. Cir. 1983), which has been widely recognized as the leading case regarding Federal civil aid-ing and abetting and conspiracy liability, in-cluding by the Supreme Court of the United States, provides the proper legal framework for how such liability should function in the context of chapter 113B of title 18, United States Code. (6) Persons, entities, or countries that knowingly or recklessly contribute material support or resources, directly or indirectly, to persons or organizations that pose a sig-nificant risk of committing acts of terrorism that threaten the security of nationals of the United States or the national security, for-eign policy, or economy of the United States, necessarily direct their conduct at the United States, and should reasonably antici-pate being brought to court in the United States to answer for such activities. (7) The United States has a vital interest in providing persons and entities injured as a result of terrorist attacks committed within the United States with full access to the court system in order to pursue civil claims against persons, entities, or countries that have knowingly or recklessly provided mate-rial support or resources, directly or indi-rectly, to the persons or organizations re-sponsible for their injuries. (b) PURPOSE .—The purpose of this Act is to provide civil litigants with the broadest pos-sible basis, consistent with the Constitution of the United States, to seek relief against persons, entities, and foreign countries, wherever acting and wherever they may be found, that have provided material support, directly or indirectly, to foreign organiza-tions or persons that engage in terrorist ac-tivities against the United States. 
SEC. 3. RESPONSIBILITY OF FOREIGN STATES FOR INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM AGAINST THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1605A the following: ‘‘§ 1605B. Responsibility of foreign states for international terrorism against the United States ‘‘(a) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘international terrorism’— ‘‘(1) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 2331 of title 18, United States Code; and ‘‘(2) does not include any act of war (as de-fined in that section). ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF FOREIGN STATES .— A foreign state shall not be immune from the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States in any case in which money damages are sought against a foreign state for phys-ical injury to person or property or death oc-curring in the United States and caused by— ‘‘(1) an act of international terrorism in the United States; and ‘‘(2) a tortious act or acts of the foreign state, or of any official, employee, or agent of that foreign state while acting within the scope of his or her office, employment, or agency, regardless where the tortious act or acts of the foreign state occurred. ‘‘(c) C
LAIMS BY NATIONALS OF THE UNITED  S
TATES .—Notwithstanding section 2337(2) of title 18, a national of the United States may bring a claim against a foreign state in ac-cordance with section 2333 of that title if the foreign state would not be immune under subsection (b). ‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A foreign state shall not be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States under sub-section (b) on the basis of an omission or a tortious act or acts that constitute mere negligence.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) The table of sections for chapter 97 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1605A the following: ‘‘1605B. Responsibility of foreign states for international terrorism against the United States.’’. (2) Subsection 1605(g)(1)(A) of title 28, United States Code, is amended by inserting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.029 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2886 May 17, 2016 
‘‘or section 1605B’’ after ‘‘but for section 1605A’’. 
SEC. 4. AIDING AND ABETTING LIABILITY FOR CIVIL ACTIONS REGARDING TER-RORIST ACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2333 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) L
IABILITY .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘person’ has the meaning given the term in section 1 of title 1. ‘‘(2) L
IABILITY .—In an action under sub-section (a) for an injury arising from an act of international terrorism committed, planned, or authorized by an organization that had been designated as a foreign ter-rorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189), as of the date on which such act of international terrorism was committed, planned, or authorized, liability may be as-serted as to any person who aids and abets, by knowingly providing substantial assist-ance, or who conspires with the person who committed such an act of international ter-rorism.’’. (b) E
FFECT ON FOREIGN SOVEREIGN IMMUNI -
TIES ACT.—Nothing in the amendment made by this section affects immunity of a foreign state, as that term is defined in section 1603 of title 28, United States Code, from jurisdic-tion under other law. 
SEC. 5. STAY OF ACTIONS PENDING STATE NEGO-TIATIONS. 
(a) E XCLUSIVE JURISDICTION .—The courts of the United States shall have exclusive juris-diction in any action in which a foreign state is subject to the jurisdiction of a court of the United States under section 1605B of title 28, United States Code, as added by section 3(a) of this Act. (b) I
NTERVENTION .—The Attorney General may intervene in any action in which a for-eign state is subject to the jurisdiction of a court of the United States under section 1605B of title 28, United States Code, as added by section 3(a) of this Act, for the pur-pose of seeking a stay of the civil action, in whole or in part. (c) S
TAY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A court of the United States may stay a proceeding against a for-eign state if the Secretary of State certifies that the United States is engaged in good faith discussions with the foreign state de-fendant concerning the resolution of the claims against the foreign state, or any other parties as to whom a stay of claims is sought. (2) D
URATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A stay under this section may be granted for not more than 180 days. (B) E
XTENSION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General may petition the court for an extension of the stay for additional 180-day periods. (ii) R
ECERTIFICATION .—A court shall grant an extension under clause (i) if the Secretary of State recertifies that the United States remains engaged in good faith discussions with the foreign state defendant concerning the resolution of the claims against the for-eign state, or any other parties as to whom a stay of claims is sought. 
SEC. 6. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act or any amend-ment made by this Act, or the application of a provision or amendment to any person or circumstance, is held to be invalid, the re-mainder of this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and the application of the provisions and amendments to any other per-son not similarly situated or to other cir-cumstances, shall not be affected by the holding. 
SEC. 7. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this Act shall apply to any civil action— (1) pending on, or commenced on or after, the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) arising out of an injury to a person, property, or business on or after September 11, 2001. SA 3946. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3900 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. B LUNT (for him-self, Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. L EAHY )) to the amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 10 of the amendment, line 1, strike ‘‘. The’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod on line 3, and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided, That such plans shall be updated and submitted to the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate every 90 days until September 30, 2017, and every 180 days there-after until all funds have been fully ex-pended.’’. 
SA 3947. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 219, line 25, strike the period and insert ‘‘: Provided, That the National Ceme-tery Administration shall complete the Rural Veterans Burial Initiative by not later than September 30, 2017.’’ 
SA 3948. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 245, lines 23 through 24, strike ‘‘and (7) the number and results of Quality Review Team audits’’ and insert ‘‘(7) the number and results of Quality Review Team audits; (8) the number of claims completed by each Regional Office based on the Re-gional Office being the station of jurisdic-tion; and (9) the number of claims completed by each Regional Office based on the Re-gional Office being the station of origin’’. 
SA 3949. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of title II of division B, add the following: S
EC. 251. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to pay bonuses to employees within the Veterans Health Ad-ministration until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs certifies to the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives that individuals eligible for health care from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs are allowed to choose the medical facil-ity of the Department at which to receive care. 
SA 3950. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: S
EC. 251. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to pay bonuses to employees within the Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration who perform work related to the processing of disability claims under the laws administered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs until the nationwide backlog of such claims is at 10 percent or less of the pending workload for the Veterans Benefits Administration. 
SA 3951. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: 
ANNUAL REPORT ON BONUSES  S
EC. 251. Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that contains, for the year preceding the sub-mittal of the report, a description of the bo-nuses awarded to Regional Office Directors of the Department of Veterans Affairs, Di-rectors of Medical Centers of the Depart-ment, and Directors of Veterans Integrated Service Networks, including the amount of each bonus and the name of the individual to whom the bonus was awarded. 
SA 3952. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.029 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2887 May 17, 2016 
related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: 
SEC. 251. MONTHLY ASSISTANCE ALLOWANCE FOR DISABLED VETERANS COM-PETING ON OLYMPIC TEAMS. 
Section 322(d)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘allowance to a veteran’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘allowance to— ‘‘(A) a veteran’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), as designated by paragraph (1), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) a veteran with a disability, as deter-mined by the Secretary, who is selected by the United States Olympic Committee for the United States Olympic Team for any month in which the veteran is competing in any event sanctioned by the National Gov-erning Bodies of the United States Olympic Sports.’’. 
SA 3953. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Mr. B
OOKER , and Mrs. B OXER ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: S
EC. 251. (a) R ESEARCH ON THERAPEUTIC  U
SES OF CANNABIS PLANT .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may, in coordination with the National Center for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, within the limits of statu-tory authorities and funding under other provisions of law, conduct clinical research on the potential benefits of therapeutic use of the cannabis plant by veterans— (1) to treat serious health conditions, such as posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), chronic pain and neuropathies, sleep dis-orders, traumatic brain injury, seizures, Par-kinson’s disease, cancer, spinal cord injuries, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), and Crohn’s disease; and (2) as a treatment to achieve and maintain abstinence from opioids and heroin. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report detailing any ef-forts of the Department of Veterans Affairs to expand the conduct of research described in subsection (a). 
SA 3954. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. K ING, and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: SEC. 251. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall ensure that the Readjustment Counseling Service of the Department of Veterans Affairs coordinates directly with the Office of Rural Health of the Department on efforts to expand the capacity of Vet Cen-ters (as defined in section 1712A(h) of title 38, United States Code) in order to ensure that the readjustment and psychological coun-seling needs of veterans in rural and highly rural communities are met. (b) Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives a report detailing the number of Vet Centers (as so defined) operated by the De-partment and a strategic plan to increase the capacity of such Vet Centers to address unmet readjustment and psychological coun-seling needs of veterans in rural and highly rural communities. 
SA 3955. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3900 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. B
LUNT (for himself, Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. C OCHRAN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. L
EAHY )) to the amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 1 of the amendment, strike line 3 and all that follows through line 20 on page 18, and insert the following: TITLE ll ZIKA RESPONSE AND PREPAREDNESS CHAPTER 1 DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES H
EALTH RESOURCES AND SERVICES  A
DMINISTRATION  
PRIMARY HEALTH CARE  Unobligated balances of amounts appro-priated under this heading in previous fiscal years, up to $40,000,000, shall also be avail-able until September 30, 2017, to prevent, pre-pare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally: Provided, That funds made available in this paragraph shall be used to expand the deliv-ery of primary health services authorized by section 330 of the Public Health Service (‘‘PHS’’) Act in Puerto Rico and other terri-tories. 
HEALTH WORKFORCE  Unobligated balances of amounts appro-priated under this heading in previous fiscal years, up to $6,000,000, shall also be available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector- borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally: Provided, That funds made available in this paragraph may, for purposes of providing primary health services in areas affected by Zika virus or other vector-borne diseases, be used to assign National Health Service Corps (‘‘NHSC’’) members to Puerto Rico and other Territories, notwithstanding the assignment priorities and limitations in or under sec-tions 333(a)(1)(D), 333(b), or 333A(a) of the PHS Act, and to make NHSC Loan Repay-ment Program awards under section 338B of such Act: Provided further, That for purposes of the previous proviso, section 331(a)(3)(D) of the PHS Act shall be applied as if the term ‘‘primary health services’’ included health services regarding pediatric subspecialists. MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH  Unobligated balances of amounts appro-priated under this heading in previous fiscal years, up to $5,000,000, shall also be available until September 30, 2017, to prevent, prepare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector- borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally: Provided, That funds made available in this paragraph may be awarded for projects of regional and national significance in Puerto Rico and other Territories authorized under section 501 of the Social Security Act, notwith-standing section 502 of such Act. C
ENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  P
REVENTION  
CDC-WIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  Unobligated balances of amounts appro-priated under this heading in previous fiscal years, up to $449,000,000, shall also be avail-able until September 30, 2017, to prevent, pre-pare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally; and to carry out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to domestic prepared-ness and global health: Provided, That prod-ucts purchased with these funds may, at the discretion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Stra-tegic National Stockpile under section 319F– 2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That funds may be used for purchase and insur-ance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries: Provided further, That the provi-sions in section 317S of the PHS Act shall not apply to the use of funds made available in this paragraph: Provided further, That funds made available in this paragraph may be used for grants for the construction, al-teration, or renovation of non-federally owned facilities to improve preparedness and response capability at the State and local level: Provided further, That of the amount made available in this paragraph, $88,000,000 may be used to reimburse accounts adminis-tered by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for obligations incurred for Zika virus response prior to the enactment of this Act. N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ALLERGY AND  
INFECTIOUS DISEASES  Unobligated balances of amounts appro-priated under this heading in previous fiscal years, up to $200,000,000, shall also be avail-able until September 30, 2017, to prevent, pre-pare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally, including expenses related to carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act. O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
PUBLIC HEALTH AND SOCIAL SERVICES  
EMERGENCY FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  Unobligated balances of amounts appro-priated under this heading in previous fiscal years, up to $150,000,000, shall also be avail-able until September 30, 2017, to prevent, pre-pare for, and respond to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes, domestically and internationally; to develop necessary countermeasures and vaccines, including the development and pur-chase of vaccines, therapeutics, diagnostics, necessary medical supplies, and administra-tive activities; for carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to do-mestic preparedness and global health; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.032 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2888 May 17, 2016 
for additional payments for distribution as provided for under the ‘‘Social Services Block Grant Program’’: Provided, That funds made available in this paragraph may be used to procure security countermeasures (as defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act, as amended by this Act): Provided fur-ther, That paragraphs (1) and (7)(C) of sub-section (c) of section 319F–2 of the PHS Act, but no other provisions of such section, shall apply to such security countermeasures pro-cured with funds made available in this para-graph: Provided further, That products pur-chased with funds made available in this paragraph may, at the discretion of the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, be de-posited in the Strategic National Stockpile under section 319F–2 of the PHS Act: Pro- vided further, That countermeasures related to the Zika virus procured with funds made available in this paragraph shall be deemed to be security countermeasures as defined in section 319F–2(c)(1) of the PHS Act, and para-graph (7)(C), but no other provision, of such section 319F–2(c) shall apply to procurements of such countermeasures: Provided further, That $75,000,000 shall be transferred to ‘‘So-cial Services Block Grant’’ for health serv-ices, notwithstanding section 2005(a)(4) of the Social Security Act, in territories with ac-tive or local transmission cases of the Zika virus, as confirmed by the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention: Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall distribute funds trans-ferred to the ‘‘Social Services Block Grant’’ in this paragraph to such territories in ac-cordance with objective criteria that are made available to the public. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —THISCHAPTER  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. ll. For purposes of preventing, pre-paring for, and responding to Zika virus, other vector-borne diseases, and related health outcomes domestically and inter-nationally, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may use funds provided in this chapter to acquire, lease, construct, alter, renovate, equip, furnish, or manage fa-cilities outside of the United States, as nec-essary to conduct such programs, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, either directly for the use of the United States Gov-ernment or for the use, pursuant to grants, direct assistance, or cooperative agreements, of public or nonprofit private institutions or agencies in participating foreign countries. S
EC. ll. Funds made available by this chapter may be used by the heads of the De-partment of Health and Human Services, De-partment of State, and the Agency for Inter-national Development to appoint, without regard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3319 of title 5 of the United States Code, candidates needed for positions to per-form critical work relating to Zika response for which— (1) public notice has been given; and (2) the Secretary of Health and Human Services has determined that such a public health threat exists. S
EC. ll. Funds made available in this chapter may be transferred to, and merged with, other appropriation accounts under the headings ‘‘Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’’, ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, ‘‘Health Re-sources and Services Administration’’, and ‘‘National Institutes of Health’’ for the pur-poses specified in this chapter following con-sultation with the Office of Management and Budget: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations shall be notified 10 days in advance of any such transfer: Provided fur-ther, That, upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appro-priation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropria-tion: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this chapter may be trans-ferred pursuant to the authority in section 206 of division G of Public Law 113–325 or sec-tion 241(a) of the PHS Act. SEC. ll. If there remains an insufficient amount of unobligated funds under any head-ing under this chapter, funds may be trans-ferred from the unobligated balance of funds under other headings under this chapter: Provided, That the total amount of funds made available by this title shall not exceed $850,000,000. S
EC. ll. Not later than 30 days after en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide a detailed spend plan of anticipated uses of funds made available in this chapter, including esti-mated personnel and administrative costs, to the Committees on Appropriations. The Sec-retary of Health and Human Services should also provide quarterly obligation updates to the Committees until all funds are expended or expire. S
EC. ll. Prior to the transfer or re-programming of funds made available by this chapter, the director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget shall certify to the appro-priate Congressional committees that the net effect of all transfers shall not result in an increase in outlays over the period of fis-cal years 2016 through 2021. CHAPTER 2 DEPARTMENT OF STATE A
DMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR PROGRAMS  Unobligated balances of amounts appro-priated under this heading in previous fiscal years, up to $14,594,000, shall also be avail-able until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health out-comes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That up to $4,000,000 may be made available for medical evacuation costs of any other Department or agency of the United States under Chief of Mission authority, and may be transferred to any other appropriation of such Department or agency for such costs. 
EMERGENCIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC AND  
CONSULAR SERVICE  Unobligated balances of amounts appro-priated under this heading in previous fiscal years, up to $4,000,000, shall also be available for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases, to remain available until expended. 
REPATRIATION LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT  Unobligated balances of amounts appro-priated under this heading in previous fiscal years, up to $1,000,000, shall also be available to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infec-tious diseases. U
NITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  D
EVELOPMENT  
FUNDS MADE AVAILABLE TO THE PRESIDENT  
OPERATING EXPENSES  Unobligated balances of amounts appro-priated under this heading in previous fiscal years, up to $10,000,000, shall also be avail-able until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health out-comes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases. B
ILATERAL ECONOMIC ASSISTANCE  
FUNDS MADE AVAILABLE TO THE PRESIDENT  
GLOBAL HEALTH PROGRAMS  Unobligated balances of amounts appro-priated under this heading in previous fiscal years, up to $211,000,000, shall also be avail-able for necessary expenses for assistance or research to prevent, treat, or otherwise re-spond to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That such funds may be made available for multi-year funding commitments to incentivize the de-velopment of global health technologies, fol-lowing consultation with the Committees on Appropriations: Provided further, That none of the funds made available in this chapter may be made available for the Grand Chal-lenges for Development program. INTERNATIONAL SECURITY ASSISTANCE  
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
NONPROLIFERATION , ANTI-TERRORISM , 
DEMINING AND RELATED PROGRAMS  Unobligated balances of amounts appro-priated under this heading in previous fiscal years, up to $4,000,000, shall also be available until September 30, 2017, for necessary ex-penses to support response and research ef-forts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases. M
ULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE  
FUNDS MADE AVAILABLE TO THE PRESIDENT  
INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND PROGRAMS  Unobligated balances of amounts appro-priated under this heading in previous fiscal years, up to $13,500,000, shall also be avail-able until September 30, 2017, for necessary expenses to support response and research ef-forts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne dis-eases, or other infectious diseases: Provided, That section 307(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 shall not apply to funds made available under this heading. G
ENERAL PROVISIONS —THISCHAPTER  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. ll. (a) Funds made available by this chapter under the headings ‘‘Global Health Programs’’, ‘‘Nonproliferation, Anti-ter-rorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, ‘‘International Organizations and Pro-grams’’, and ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available by this chapter under such head-ings to carry out the purposes of this chap-ter. (b) Funds made available by this chapter under the headings ‘‘Diplomatic and Con-sular Programs’’, ‘‘Emergencies in the Diplo-matic and Consular Service’’, and ‘‘Repatri-ation Loans Program Account’’ may be transferred to, and merged with, funds made available by this chapter under such head-ings to carry out the purposes of this chap-ter. (c) If there remains an insufficient amount of unobligated funds under any heading under this chapter, funds may be transferred from the unobligated balance of funds under other headings under this chapter: Provided, That the total amount of funds made avail-able by this title shall not exceed $258,094,000. (d) The transfer authorities provided by this section are in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. (e) Upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred pursuant to the au-thorities provided by this section are not necessary for such purposes, such amounts may be transferred back to such appropria-tions. (f) No funds shall be transferred pursuant to this section unless at least 15 days prior to making such transfer the Secretary of State or the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment (USAID), as appropriate, notifies the Committees on Appropriations in writing of the details of any such transfer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.032 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2889 May 17, 2016 
(g) Prior to the transfer or reprogramming of funds made available by this chapter, the director of the Office of Management and Budget shall certify to the appropriate Con-gressional committees that the net effect of all transfers and reprogramming shall not result in an increase in outlays over the pe-riod of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT  S
EC. ll. Funds made available by this chapter that are made available to respond to the Zika virus outbreak, other vector- borne diseases, or other infectious diseases shall not be available for obligation unless the Secretary of State or the USAID Admin-istrator, as appropriate, notifies the Com-mittees on Appropriations in writing at least 15 days in advance of such obligation. 
SPEND PLAN REQUIREMENT  S
EC. ll. Not later than 45 days after en-actment of this Act and prior to the obliga-tion of funds made available by this chapter to respond to the Zika virus outbreak, other vector-borne diseases, or other infectious diseases, the Secretary of State and the USAID Administrator, as appropriate, shall submit spend plans to the Committees on Appropriations on the anticipated uses of funds on a country and project basis, includ-ing estimated personnel and administrative costs: Provided, That such plans shall be up-dated and submitted to the Committee on Appropriations every 90 days until Sep-tember 30, 2017, and every 180 days thereafter until all funds have been fully expended. 
COMPTROLLER GENERAL OVERSIGHT  S
EC. ll. Of the funds made available by this chapter, up to $500,000 shall be made available to the Comptroller General of the United States, to remain available until ex-pended, for oversight of activities supported pursuant to this chapter with funds made available by this chapter: Provided, That the Secretary of State and USAID Adminis-trator, as appropriate, and the Comptroller General shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations prior to obligating such funds. 
RESCISSION  S
EC. ll. Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Operating Ex-penses’’ in title IX of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), $10,000,000 are rescinded: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as an emergency require-ment pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. CHAPTER 3 GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE 
EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES AND PROVISIONS  S
EC. ll. Unless otherwise provided for by this title, the additional amounts made available pursuant to this title for fiscal year 2016 are subject to the requirements for funds contained in the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113). 
PERSONAL SERVICE CONTRACTORS  S
EC. ll. Funds made available by this title to support response efforts related to the Zika virus and related health outcomes, other vector-borne diseases, or other infec-tious diseases may be used to enter into con-tracts with individuals for the provision of personal services (as described in section 104 of part 37 of title 48, Code of Federal Regula-tions (48 CFR 37.104)), within the United States and abroad, subject to prior consulta-tion with, and the notification procedures of, the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such individuals may not be deemed employees of the United States for the pur-pose of any law administered by the Office of Personnel Management. EFFECTIVE DATE  S
EC. ll. This title shall become effective immediately upon enactment of this Act. 
SA 3956. Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. R EED, Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. C ARPER , Mr. F RANKEN , and Ms. B
ALDWIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: S
EC. ll. (a) From amounts appropriated or otherwise made available under this title for the administration of educational assist-ance programs under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that any online consumer tool offered or sup-ported by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs that provides information to veterans regarding specific postsecondary educational institutions, such as the GI Bill Comparison Tool or any successor or similar program, in-cludes for each such institution an account-ing of pending investigations and civil or criminal actions against the institution by Federal agencies and State attorneys gen-eral, to the extent such information is pub-licly available. (b) In gathering publicly available infor-mation on investigations and civil or crimi-nal actions described in subsection (a), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— (1) consult the heads of other Federal agen-cies and, as practicable, State attorneys gen-eral; and (2) review any reports required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion under section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m and 78o(d)), including Form 10–Q and Form 10–K. (c) To ensure that the information required under subsection (a) is presented in the most useful and effective way possible for vet-erans, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall consult with the Secretary of Edu-cation, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, and veteran and consumer advo-cates. 
SA 3957. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3900 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. B LUNT (for him-self, Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. L EAHY )) to the amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: ADDITIONAL RESCISSIONS OF UNOBLIGATED  
EBOLA FUNDS  S
EC. l. (a) Of the unobligated balances made available under the heading ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund (Including Transfer of Funds)’’ in title VI of the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division G of Public Law 113–235) for the purpose of other preparation and response, $250,000,000 shall be rescinded: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (b) Of the unobligated balances made avail-able under the heading ‘‘CDC-Wide Activities and Program Support (Including Transfer of Funds)’’ in title VI of the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division G of Public Law 113–235) for supporting national public health insti-tutes and global health security, $384,000,000 shall be rescinded: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (c) Of the unobligated balances made avail-able under the heading ‘‘Funds Appropriated to the President’’ under the heading ‘‘Bilat-eral Economic Assistance’’ in title IX of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235), $466,000,000 shall be rescinded: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
SA 3958. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3900 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. B
LUNT (for himself, Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. C OCHRAN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. L
EAHY )) to the amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: S
EC. ll. Amounts provided for in this title shall, prior to appropriating any sums out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, be transferred from the following: (1) $250,000,000 from the unobligated bal-ances made available under the heading ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emer-gency Fund (Including Transfer of Funds)’’ in title VI of the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division G of Public Law 113–235) for the purpose of other preparation and response. (2) $384,000,000 from the unobligated bal-ances made available under the heading ‘‘CDC-Wide Activities and Program Support (Including Transfer of Funds)’’ in title VI of the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division G of Public Law 113–235) for supporting na-tional public health institutes and global health security. (3) $466,000,000 from the unobligated bal-ances made available under the heading 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.032 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2890 May 17, 2016 
‘‘Funds Appropriated to the President’’ under the heading ‘‘Bilateral Economic As-sistance’’ in title IX of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2015 (division J of Public Law 113–235). 
SA 3959. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. K
ING, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Ms. A
YOTTE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: 
SEC. ll. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE. 
(a) S TATE AND LOCAL LAWENFORCEMENT  A
SSISTANCE .—In addition to any amounts otherwise made available, there is appro-priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for fiscal year 2017, $240,000,000, to remain available until expended, to the Department of Justice for State law enforcement initiatives (which shall include a 30 percent pass-through to lo-calities) under the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant program, as au-thorized by subpart 1 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3750 et seq.) (except that section 1001(c) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 3793(c)) shall not apply for purposes of this Act), to be used, notwithstanding such sub-part 1, for a comprehensive program to com-bat the heroin and opioid crisis, and for asso-ciated criminal justice activities, including approved treatment alternatives to incarcer-ation: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(i)). (b) C
OMMUNITY ORIENTED POLICING SERV-
ICES PROGRAMS .—In addition to any other amount for ‘‘Community Oriented Policing Services Programs’’ for competitive grants to State law enforcement agencies in States with high rates of primary treatment admis-sions for heroin or other opioids, there is ap-propriated, out of any money in the Treas-ury not otherwise appropriated, for fiscal year 2017, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(i)). 
SEC. ll. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. 
(a) S UBSTANCE ABUSE AND MENTAL HEALTH  S
ERVICES ADMINISTRATION .—In addition to any amounts otherwise made available for ‘‘Substance Abuse Treatment’’, there is ap-propriated, out of any money in the Treas-ury not otherwise appropriated, for fiscal year 2017, $300,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emer-gency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(i)): Provided further, That of the amount provided— (1) $285,000,000 is for the Substance Abuse Prevention and Treatment block grant pro-gram under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the Public Health Service Act; (2) $10,000,000 is for the Medication Assisted Treatment for Prescription Drug and Opioid Addiction program of the Programs of Re-gional and National Significance within the Center for Substance Abuse Treatment; and (3) $5,000,000 is for the Recovery Commu-nity Services program of the Programs of Regional and National Significance within the Center for Substance Abuse Treatment. (b) CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  P
REVENTION .—In addition to any amounts otherwise made available, there is appro-priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for fiscal year 2017, $50,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention of the Department of Health and Human Services, for prescription drug monitoring programs, community health system interventions, and rapid response projects: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(i)). 
SA 3960. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3900 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. B LUNT (for him-self, Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. L EAHY )) to the amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 4, line 24, strike ‘‘$88,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$50,000,000 shall be transferred to the head of the Department of Health and Human Services to carry out programs that serve pregnant women, infants, toddlers, and preschoolers, and help families care for their children through early, comprehensive health services, in communities affected by water polluted by lead or a toxic pollutant as the result of an event for which the Presi-dent has declared an emergency, and $38,000,000’’. 
SA 3961. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. (a) Subchapter I of chapter 471, as amended by this subtitle, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 47144. Use of funds for repairs for runway safety repairs ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-portation may make project grants under this subchapter to an airport described in subsection (b) from funds under section 47114 apportioned to that airport or funds avail-able for discretionary grants to that airport under section 47115 to conduct airport devel-opment to repair the runway safety area of the airport damaged as a result of a natural disaster in order to maintain compliance with the regulations of the Federal Aviation Administration relating to runway safety areas, without regard to whether construc-tion of the runway safety area damaged was carried out using amounts the airport re-ceived under this subchapter. ‘‘(b) AIRPORTS DESCRIBED .—An airport is described in this subsection if— ‘‘(1) the airport is a public-use airport; ‘‘(2) the airport is listed in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems of the Federal Aviation Administration; ‘‘(3) the runway safety area of the airport was damaged as a result of a natural dis-aster; ‘‘(4) the airport was denied funding under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 4121 et seq.) with respect to the disaster; ‘‘(5) the operator of the airport has ex-hausted all legal remedies, including legal action against any parties (or insurers there-of) whose action or inaction may have con-tributed to the need for the repair of the run-way safety area; ‘‘(6) there is still a demonstrated need for the runway safety area to accommodate cur-rent or imminent aeronautical demand; and ‘‘(7) the cost of repairing or replacing the runway safety area is reasonable in relation to the anticipated operational benefit of re-pairing the runway safety area, as deter-mined by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration.’’. (b) The analysis for chapter 471, as amend-ed by this subtitle, is further amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 47143 the following: ‘‘47144. Use of funds for repairs for runway safety repairs.’’. 
SA 3962. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 191 of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1lll. Section 127 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(u) V
EHICLES IN NORTH DAKOTA .—A vehi- cle limited or prohibited under this section from operating on a segment of the Inter-state System in the State of North Dakota may operate on such a segment if such vehi-cle— ‘‘(1) has a gross vehicle weight of 129,000 pounds or less; ‘‘(2) other than gross vehicle weight, com-plies with the single axle, tandem axle, and bridge formula limits set forth in subsection (a); and ‘‘(3) is authorized to operate on such seg-ment under North Dakota State law.’’. 
SA 3963. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.030 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2891 May 17, 2016 
related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to permit United States airspace to be used for a flight operated to transfer an individual detained at Guantanamo to a State, territory, or pos-session of the United States. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘individual de-tained at Guantanamo’’ means any indi-vidual who— (1) is in detention, on or after January 20, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guan-tanamo Bay, Cuba; (2) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (3) is— (A) in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
SA 3964. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 101, strike line 5 and all that follows through page 104, line 2, and in-sert the following: (1) $650,000,000 shall be available for the In-dian Housing Block Grant program, as au-thorized under title I of NAHASDA: Provided, That, notwithstanding NAHASDA, to deter-mine the amount of the allocation under title I of such Act for each Indian tribe, the Secretary shall apply the formula under sec-tion 302 of such Act with the need component based on single-race census data and with the need component based on multi-race cen-sus data, and the amount of the allocation for each Indian tribe shall be the greater of the two resulting allocation amounts: Pro- vided further, That notwithstanding section 302(d) of NAHASDA, if on January 1, 2017, a recipient’s total amount of undisbursed block grant funds in the Department’s line of credit control system is greater than three times the formula allocation it would other-wise receive under the first proviso under this paragraph, the Secretary shall adjust that recipient’s formula allocation down by the difference between its total amount of undisbursed block grant funds in the Depart-ment’s line of credit control system on Janu-ary 1, 2017, and three times the formula allo-cation it would otherwise receive: Provided further, That notwithstanding the previous two provisos, no Indian tribe shall receive an allocation amount greater than 10 percent of the total amount made available under this paragraph: Provided further, That grant amounts not allocated to a recipient pursu-ant to the previous two provisos shall be al-located under the need component of the for-mula proportionately among all other Indian tribes not subject to an adjustment under such provisos: Provided further, That the sec-ond and third provisos shall not apply to any Indian tribe that would otherwise receive a formula allocation of less than $8,000,000: Provided further, That to take effect, the four previous provisos do not require issuance or amendment of any regulation, and shall not be construed to confer hearing rights under any section of NAHASDA or its imple-menting regulations: Provided further, That the Department will notify grantees of their formula allocation within 60 days of the date of enactment of this Act; (2) $2,000,000 shall be made available for the cost of guaranteed notes and other obliga-tions, as authorized by title VI of NAHASDA: Provided, That such costs, in-cluding the costs of modifying such notes and other obligations, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as amended: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize the total principal amount of any notes and other obligations, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $17,857,142 to re-main available until September 30, 2021; (3) $60,000,000 shall be for grants to Indian tribes for carrying out the Community De-velopment Block Grant program as author-ized under title I of the Housing and Commu-nity Development Act of 1974, notwith-standing section 106(a)(1) of such Act, of which, up to $4,000,000 may be used for emer-gencies that constitute imminent threats to health and safety notwithstanding any other provision of law (including section 204 of this title): Provided, That not to exceed 20 percent of any grant made with funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be expended for planning and management development and administration; and (4) $2,000,000 shall be to support the inspec-tion of Indian housing units, contract exper-tise, training, and technical assistance needs in Indian country related to funding pro-vided under this heading. SA 3965. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: S
EC. 251. From the amount made available in this title under the heading ‘‘Medical Sup-port and Compliance’’, not less than $18,000,000 shall be made available to Direc-tors of Veterans Integrated Service Net-works to contract with appropriate non-De-partment of Veterans Affairs entities to as-sess, evaluate, and improve the health care delivery by and business operations of med-ical centers of the Department under the ju-risdiction of each such Director. 
SA 3966. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: SEC. 251. For each veteran seeking assist-ance from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs to purchase a home, for purposes of the veteran receiving a timely appraisal on a home, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall disclose to the veteran that the veteran may pay the entity conducting the appraisal an amount in excess of the amount provided on the Appraisal Fee Schedule issued by the Department. 
SA 3967. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 41, strike lines 12 through 25 and insert the following: ‘‘(89) United States Route 67 from Inter-state 40 in North Little Rock, Arkansas, to United States Route 412. ‘‘(90) The Edward T. Breathitt Parkway from Interstate 24 to Interstate 69.’’. (b) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN ROUTE SEGMENTS  
ON INTERSTATE SYSTEM .—Section 1105(e)(5)(A) of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘and subsection (c)(83)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (c)(83), subsection (c)(89), and sub-section (c)(90)’’. (c) D
ESIGNATION .—Section 1105(e)(5)(C)(i) of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Effi-ciency Act of 1991 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The route referred to in subsection (c)(89) is designated as Inter-state Route I–57. The route referred to in subsection (c)(90) is designated as Interstate Route I–169.’’. 
SA 3968. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to regulate, either directly or indirectly and including by re-quiring an environmental impact statement or similar analysis required under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), the acquisition, use, transfer, or disposal of property at an airport for airfield or non-airfield development ac-tivities if— (a) the property was not financed with Fed-eral funding; and (b) the acquisition, use, transfer, or dis-posal of the property does not impair the safety, utility, or efficiency of aircraft oper-ations at the airport. 
SA 3969. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.031 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2892 May 17, 2016 
REED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: S
EC. 251. From the amount made available in this title under the heading ‘‘Medical Sup-port and Compliance’’, up to $18,000,000 shall be made available to Directors of Veterans Integrated Service Networks to contract with appropriate non-Department of Vet-erans Affairs entities to assess, evaluate, and improve the health care delivery by and business operations of medical centers of the Department under the jurisdiction of each such Director. 
SA 3970. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. R
EED) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Housing and Urban Development to direct a grantee to undertake specific changes to existing zoning laws as part of carrying out the final rule entitled ‘‘Affirmatively Fur-thering Fair Housing’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 42272 (July 16, 2015)) or the notice entitled ‘‘Af-firmatively Furthering Fair Housing Assess-ment Tool’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 57949 (September 26, 2014)). 
SA 3971. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: 
SEC. 251. MONTHLY ASSISTANCE ALLOWANCE FOR DISABLED VETERANS COM-PETING ON OLYMPIC TEAMS. 
Section 322(d)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘allowance to a veteran’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘allowance to— ‘‘(A) a veteran’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), as designated by paragraph (1), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) a veteran with a service-connected disability rated as 30 percent or greater by the Department who is selected by the United States Olympic Committee for the United States Olympic Team for any month in which the veteran is competing in any event sanctioned by the National Governing Bodies of the United States Olympic Sports.’’. SA 3972. Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) Section 102(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) meets the requirements of paragraph (2).’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) R
EVENUE SOURCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In order to qualify as a proprietary institution of higher education under this subsection, an institution shall derive not less than 15 percent of the institu-tion’s revenues from sources other than Fed-eral funds, as calculated in accordance with subparagraphs (B) and (C). ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL FUNDS .—In this paragraph, the term ‘Federal funds’ means any Federal financial assistance provided, under this Act or any other Federal law, through a grant, contract, subsidy, loan, guarantee, insur-ance, or other means to a proprietary insti-tution, including Federal financial assist-ance that is disbursed or delivered to an in-stitution or on behalf of a student or to a student to be used to attend the institution, except that such term shall not include any monthly housing stipend provided under the Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Program under chapter 33 of title 38, United States Code. ‘‘(C) I
MPLEMENTATION OF NON -FEDERAL REV -
ENUE REQUIREMENT .—In making calculations under subparagraph (A), an institution of higher education shall— ‘‘(i) use the cash basis of accounting; ‘‘(ii) consider as revenue only those funds generated by the institution from— ‘‘(I) tuition, fees, and other institutional charges for students enrolled in programs el-igible for assistance under title IV; ‘‘(II) activities conducted by the institu-tion that are necessary for the education and training of the institution’s students, if such activities are— ‘‘(aa) conducted on campus or at a facility under the control of the institution; ‘‘(bb) performed under the supervision of a member of the institution’s faculty; and ‘‘(cc) required to be performed by all stu-dents in a specific educational program at the institution; and ‘‘(III) a contractual arrangement with a Federal agency for the purpose of providing job training to low-income individuals who are in need of such training; ‘‘(iii) presume that any Federal funds that are disbursed or delivered to an institution on behalf of a student or directly to a stu-dent will be used to pay the student’s tui-tion, fees, or other institutional charges, re-gardless of whether the institution credits such funds to the student’s account or pays such funds directly to the student, except to the extent that the student’s tuition, fees, or other institutional charges are satisfied by— ‘‘(I) grant funds provided by an outside source that— ‘‘(aa) has no affiliation with the institu-tion; and ‘‘(bb) shares no employees with the institu-tion; and ‘‘(II) institutional scholarships described in clause (v); ‘‘(iv) include no loans made by an institu-tion of higher education as revenue to the school, except for payments made by stu-dents on such loans; ‘‘(v) include a scholarship provided by the institution— ‘‘(I) only if the scholarship is in the form of monetary aid based upon the academic achievements or financial need of students, disbursed to qualified student recipients dur-ing each fiscal year from an established re-stricted account; and ‘‘(II) only to the extent that funds in that account represent designated funds, or in-come earned on such funds, from an outside source that— ‘‘(aa) has no affiliation with the institu-tion; and ‘‘(bb) shares no employees with the institu-tion; and ‘‘(vi) exclude from revenues— ‘‘(I) the amount of funds the institution re-ceived under part C of title IV, unless the in-stitution used those funds to pay a student’s institutional charges; ‘‘(II) the amount of funds the institution received under subpart 4 of part A of title IV; ‘‘(III) the amount of funds provided by the institution as matching funds for any Fed-eral program; ‘‘(IV) the amount of Federal funds provided to the institution to pay institutional charges for a student that were refunded or returned; and ‘‘(V) the amount charged for books, sup-plies, and equipment, unless the institution includes that amount as tuition, fees, or other institutional charges. ‘‘(D) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than July 1, 2016, and by July 1 of each succeeding year, the Secretary shall submit to the au-thorizing committees a report that contains, for each proprietary institution of higher education that receives assistance under title IV and as provided in the audited finan-cial statements submitted to the Secretary by each institution pursuant to the require-ments of section 487(c)— ‘‘(i) the amount and percentage of such in-stitution’s revenues received from Federal funds; and ‘‘(ii) the amount and percentage of such in-stitution’s revenues received from other sources.’’. (b) Section 487 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1094) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (24); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (25) through (29) as paragraphs (24) through (28), respectively; (C) in paragraph (24)(A)(ii) (as redesignated by subparagraph (B)), by striking ‘‘sub-section (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and (D) in paragraph (26) (as redesignated by subparagraph (B)), by striking ‘‘subsection (h)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (g)’’; (2) by striking subsection (d); (3) by redesignating subsections (e) through (j) as subsections (d) through (i), re-spectively; (4) in subsection (f)(1) (as redesignated by paragraph (3)), by striking ‘‘subsection (e)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(2)’’; and (5) in subsection (g)(1) (as redesignated by paragraph (3)), by striking ‘‘subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.031 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2893 May 17, 2016 
(a)(27)’’ in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(26)’’. (c) The Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 152 (20 U.S.C. 1019a)— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘subsections (a)(27) and (h) of section 487’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(26) and (g) of section 487’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(1)(B)(i)(I), by striking ‘‘section 487(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 487(d)’’; (2) in section 153(c)(3) (20 U.S.C. 1019b(c)(3)), by striking ‘‘section 487(a)(25)’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘section 487(a)(24)’’; (3) in section 496(c)(3)(A) (20 U.S.C. 1099b(c)(3)(A)), by striking ‘‘section 487(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 487(e)’’; and (4) in section 498(k)(1) (20 U.S.C. 1099c(k)(1)), by striking ‘‘section 487(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 487(e)’’. 
SA 3973. Mr. VITTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: S
EC. 251. During fiscal year 2017, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs may not pay any bonus to an individual in a Senior Executive position (as defined in section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code) in the Department of Veterans Affairs who is employed within Veterans Integrated Service Network 16. 
SA 3974. Mr. VITTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: S
EC. ll. (a) D EFINITIONS .—In this sec-tion— (1) the term ‘‘families’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(b)(3) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(3)); (2) the term ‘‘low-income families’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(b)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(2)); (3) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development; and (4) the term ‘‘very low-income families’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(b)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(2)). (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to give public housing agencies and the Secretary the flexibility to design and imple-ment various approaches for providing and administering housing assistance that achieves greater cost effectiveness in using Federal housing assistance to address local housing needs for low-income families; (2) to reduce administrative burdens on public housing agencies providing such as-sistance; (3) to give incentives to assisted families to work and become economically self-suffi-cient; (4) to increase housing choices for low-in-come families; and (5) to enhance the ability of low-income el-derly residents and persons with disabilities to live independently. (c) MOVING TO WORKCHARTER PROGRAM AU-
THORITY .— (1) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the phase-in requirements under subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall enter into charter contracts, beginning in fiscal year 2017, with not more than 250 public housing agencies admin-istering the public housing program or as-sistance provided under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f). (B) P
HASE -IN.—The phase-in requirements under this subparagraph are as follows: (i) By the end of fiscal year 2017, the Sec-retary shall have entered into charter con-tracts with not less than 80 public housing agencies described in subparagraph (A). (ii) By the end of fiscal year 2018, the Sec-retary shall have entered into charter con-tracts with not less than 160 public housing agencies described in subparagraph (A). (iii) By the end of fiscal year 2019, the Sec-retary shall have entered into charter con-tracts with not less than 250 public housing agencies described in subparagraph (A). (2) C
HARTER CONTRACTS .—A charter con-tract shall— (A) supersede and have a term commensu-rate with any annual contributions contract between a public housing agency and the Secretary; and (B) provide that a participating public housing agency shall receive— (i) capital and operating assistance allo-cated to such agency under section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g); and (ii) assistance provided under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f). (3) U
SE OF ASSISTANCE .—Any assistance provided under paragraph (2)(B)— (A) may be combined; and (B) shall be used to provide locally de-signed housing assistance for low-income families, including— (i) services to facilitate the transition to work and self-sufficiency; and (ii) any other activity which a public hous-ing agency is authorized to undertake pursu-ant to State or local law. (d) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS OF ASSIST -
ANCE .— (1) A
PPLICABILITY OF UNITED STATES HOUS -
ING ACT OF 1937 .—Except as provided in this subsection, the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) shall not be appli-cable to any public housing agency partici-pating in the Moving to Work Charter pro-gram established under this section. (2) A
PPLICABLE 1937 ACT PROVISIONS .—The following provisions of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) are applicable to any public housing agency par-ticipating in the Moving to Work Charter program established under this section: (A) Subsections (a) and (b) of section 12 (42 U.S.C. 1437j (a) and (b)) shall apply to hous-ing assisted under a charter contract, other than housing assisted solely due to occu-pancy by families receiving tenant based rental assistance. (B) Section 18 (42 U.S.C. 1437p) shall con-tinue to apply to public housing developed under such Act notwithstanding any use of the housing under a charter contract. (3) CHARTER CONTRACT TERMS .—A charter contract shall provide that a public housing agency— (A) may— (i) combine assistance received under sec-tions 8 and 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f and 1437g), as de-scribed in subsection (c)(3); and (ii) use such assistance to provide housing assistance and related services for activities authorized by this section, including those activities authorized by sections 8 and 9 of such Act; (B) certify that in preparing its application for participation in the Moving to Work Charter program established under this sec-tion, such agency has— (i) provided for citizen participation through a public hearing and, if appropriate, other means; and (ii) taken into account comments from the public hearing and any other public com-ments on the proposed activities under this section, including comments from current and prospective residents who would be af-fected by such contract; (C) shall ensure that not less than 75 per-cent of the families assisted under a charter contract shall be, at the time of such fami-lies’ entry into the Moving to Work Charter program, very low-income families; (D) shall establish a reasonable rent policy, which shall— (i) be designed to encourage employment, self-sufficiency, and homeownership by par-ticipating families, consistent with the pur-poses of this section; (ii) include transition and hardship provi-sions; (iii) be included in the annual plan of such agency; and (iv) be subject to the opportunities for pub-lic participation described in subsection (f)(1)(C)(iv); (E) shall continue to assist not less than substantially the same total number of low- income families as would have been served had such agency not entered into such con-tract; (F) shall maintain a comparable mix of families (by family size) as would have been provided had the agency not entered into such contract; (G) shall ensure that housing assisted under such contract meets housing quality standards established or approved by the Secretary; (H) shall receive training and technical as-sistance, upon request by such agency, to as-sist with the design and implementation of the activities described under this section; (I) shall receive an amount of assistance under sections 8 and 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f and 1437g) that is not diminished by the participation of such agency in the Moving to Work Char-ter program established under this section; (J) shall be subject to the procurement procedures described in such contract; (K) shall ensure that each family receiving housing assistance— (i) is engaged in work activities that would count toward satisfying the monthly work participation rates applicable to the State in which such public housing agency is located for purposes of the State temporary assist-ance to needy families program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) if the family were re-ceiving assistance or benefits under that pro-gram; or (ii) would qualify under that program to an exception to engaging in such work activi-ties; and (L) shall provide housing assistance to families assisted under a charter contract for not more than 5 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.033 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2894 May 17, 2016 
(e) S ELECTION .—In selecting among public housing agency applications to participate in the Moving to Work Charter program es-tablished under this section, the Secretary shall consider— (1) the potential of each agency to plan and carry out activities under such program; (2) the relative performance by an agency under section 6(j) of the United States Hous-ing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437d(j)); (3) the need for a diversity of participants in terms of size, location, and type of agen-cy; and (4) any other appropriate factor as deter-mined by the Secretary. (f) C
HARTER REPORT .— (1) C
ONTENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and in place of all other planning and reporting requirements otherwise required, each public housing agency that is a party to a charter contract shall submit to the Secretary, on an annual basis, a single charter report, in a form and at a time specified by the Secretary. (B) S
OLE MEANS OF REPORTING .—A charter report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall be the sole means by which a public housing agency shall be required to provide information to the Secretary on the activi-ties assisted under this section during a fis-cal year, unless the Secretary has reason to believe that such agency has violated the charter contract between the Secretary and such agency. (C) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each charter report required under subparagraph (A) shall— (i) document the use by a public housing agency of any assistance provided under a charter contract, including appropriate fi-nancial statements; (ii) describe and analyze the effect of as-sisted activities in addressing the objectives of this section; (iii) include a certification by such agency that such agency has prepared an annual plan which— (I) states the goals and objectives of that agency under the charter contract for the past fiscal year; (II) describes the proposed use of assistance by that agency for activities under the char-ter contract for the past fiscal year; (III) explains how the proposed activities of that agency will meet the goals and objec-tives of that agency; (IV) includes appropriate budget and finan-cial statements of that agency; and (V) was prepared in accordance with a pub-lic process as described in clause (iv); (iv) describe and document how a public housing agency has provided residents as-sisted under a charter contract and the wider community with opportunities to participate in the development of and comment on the annual plan, which shall include not less than 1 public hearing; and (v) include such other information as may be required by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (g)(2). (2) R
EVIEW .—Any charter report submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be deemed approved unless the Secretary, not later than 45 days after the date of submission of such report, issues a written disapproval be-cause— (A) the Secretary reasonably determines, based on information contained in the re-port, that a public housing agency is not in compliance with the provisions of this sec-tion or other applicable law; or (B) such report is inconsistent with other reliable information available to the Sec-retary. (g) R
ECORDS AND AUDITS .— (1) K
EEPING OF RECORDS .—Each public housing agency shall keep such records as the Secretary may prescribe as reasonably necessary— (A) to disclose the amounts and the dis-position of amounts under the Moving to Work Charter program established under this section; (B) to ensure compliance with the require-ments of this section; and (C) to measure performance. (2) ACCESS TO DOCUMENTS BY THE SEC -
RETARY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall have access for the purpose of audit and examina-tion to any books, documents, papers, and records that are pertinent to assistance in connection with, and the requirements of, this section. (B) L
IMITATION .—Access by the Secretary described under subparagraph (A) shall be limited to information obtained solely through the annual charter report submitted by a public housing agency under subsection (f), unless the Secretary has reason to be-lieve that such agency is not in compliance with the charter contract between the Sec-retary and such agency. (3) A
CCESS TO DOCUMENTS BY THE COMP -
TROLLER GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States, or any duly authorized representative of the Comptroller General, shall have access for the purpose of audit and examination to any books, documents, pa-pers, and records that are pertinent to as-sistance in connection with, and the require-ments of the Moving to Work Charter pro-gram established under this section. (h) P
ROCUREMENT PREEMPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any State or local law which imposes procedures or standards for procurement which conflict with or are more burdensome than applicable Federal procure-ment requirements shall not apply to any public housing agency under the Moving to Work Charter program established under this section. (2) R
EDUCTION OF ADMINISTRATIVE BUR -
DENS .—The Secretary may approve procure-ment procedures for public housing agencies participating in the Moving to Work Charter program established under this section that reduce administrative burdens of procure-ment requirements imposed by Federal law. (i) S
UBSEQUENT LAWS PREEMPTED .—A pub- lic housing agency participating in the Mov-ing to Work Charter program established under this section shall not be subject to any provision of law which conflicts with the provisions of this section and which is en-acted subsequent to the date of execution of such agency’s charter contract or Moving to Work program agreement, as described in subsection (j), unless such law expressly pro-vides for such law’s application to public housing agencies subject to this section. (j) E
XISTING AGREEMENTS .—Notwith- standing anything in this section or any other provision of law, any public housing agency which has an existing Moving to Work program agreement with the Secretary pursuant to section 204 of the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 1996 (Public Law 104–134; 110 Stat. 1321–281) and which is not in default thereof, may, at the option of such agency— (1) continue to operate under the terms and conditions of such agreement notwith-standing any limitation on the terms con-tained in such contract; or (2) at any time, enter into a charter con-tract with the Secretary on terms and condi-tions which are not less favorable to the agency than such existing agreement. (k) P
UBLIC HOUSING AGENCY EVALUATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the end of fiscal year 2017, the Secretary shall appoint a Federal advisory committee consisting of public housing agencies with charter con-tracts, public housing industry organiza-tions, resident organizations, other public housing and section 8 voucher stakeholders, and experts on accreditation systems in similar fields, to assess and develop a dem-onstration program to test standards, cri-teria, and practices for a national public housing agency accreditation system or other evaluation system. (2) REPORT .—Not later than the end of fis-cal year 2019, the committee established under paragraph (1) and the Secretary shall provide a report and recommendations to Congress with respect to the establishment of a national public housing agency accredi-tation system. 
SA 3975. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available under this division may be used by the Fed-eral Government to interfere with State and local inspections of public housing dwelling units. 
SA 3976. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2577, making ap-propriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) In this section, the term ‘‘covered agency’’ means— (1) the Department of Housing and Urban Development; (2) the Department of Transportation; (3) the Federal Maritime Commission; (4) the National Railroad Passenger Cor-poration; (5) the National Transportation Safety Board; (6) the Neighborhood Reinvestment Cor-poration; and (7) the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness. (b) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every year there-after, the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget shall submit to Congress and post on the website of the Office of Man-agement and Budget a report on projects funded by a covered agency— (1) that are more than 5 years behind schedule; or (2) for which the amount spent on the project is not less than $1,000,000,000 more than the original cost estimate for the project. (c) Each report submitted and posted under subsection (b) shall include, for each project included in the report— (1) a brief description of the project, in-cluding— (A) the purpose of the project; (B) each location in which the project is carried out; (C) the year in which the project was initi-ated; and (D) each primary contractor and grant re-cipient for the project; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.033 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2895 May 17, 2016 
(2) the original expected date for comple-tion of the project; (3) the current expected date for comple-tion of the project; (4) the original cost estimate for the project; (5) the current cost estimate for the project; (6) an explanation for a delay in comple-tion or increase in the original cost estimate for the project; and (7) recommendations to reduce the cost for the project that may require legislative ac-tion. 
SA 3977. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division B, add the following: S
EC. 410. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to award a con-struction contract on behalf of the Federal Government— (1) in any solicitation, bid specification, project agreement, or other controlling doc-ument to require or prohibit a bidder, offer-or, contractor, or subcontractor to enter into or adhere to an agreement with a labor organization; or (2) to discriminate against or give pref-erence to such a bidder, offeror, contractor, or subcontractor based on their entering into or refusing to enter into an agreement with a labor organization. (b) Subsection (a) does not apply to any construction contract awarded before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 3978. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: S
EC. 251. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not provide any allowance in connection with a permanent change of sta-tion to an individual in a Senior Executive Service position (as defined in section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code) at the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. 
SA 3979. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: SEC. 251. Not later than September 30, 2017, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— (1) submit to the Committee on Appropria-tions and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives an itemized accounting of the use of Federal award GU1103 in the amount of $3,265,487 that was awarded in 2013 to ren-ovate a veteran’s cemetery in Guam under the Veterans Cemetery Grants Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs; and (2) publish such itemized accounting on a publicly available Internet website of the Department. 
SA 3980. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T
ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: S
EC. 251. Not later than September 30, 2017, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to Congress a plan on modernizing the system of the Veterans Health Administra-tion for processing claims by non-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs health care pro-viders for reimbursement for health care pro-vided to veterans under the laws adminis-tered by the Secretary. 
SA 3981. Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. C OATS , and Mr. P AUL) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 pro-posed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this division may be used to provide hous-ing assistance under section 3 or section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a and 1437f) to any family whose income for the most recent 2 consecutive years has exceeded 120 percent of the median income for the area in which the family re-sides. 
SA 3982. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion A, insert the following: S
EC. ll. Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to Congress a re-port on the community development block grant program under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) that describes— (1) how the Secretary could devise a sys-tem of consolidated reporting of expendi-tures and accomplishments by grant recipi-ents under the program in an easily analyz-able format, which would include— (A) a cost-benefit analysis of each project that a grant recipient has funded using amounts provided under the program, includ-ing— (i) the number of people the project was ex-pected to help; (ii) the number of people the project actu-ally helped; and (iii) the number of houses rehabilitated or removed due to blight; (B) a description of how each grant recipi-ent validated the self-reported information described in subparagraph (A); and (C) a description of how to tie the outcome data described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of sub-paragraph (A) to census tract or block group data to enable independent researchers to validate the outcomes; and (2) measures that the Secretary could adopt to identify viable urban communities that can serve as models for other commu-nities trying to rehabilitate certain neigh-borhoods, which measures shall be tied to census tract or block group data, such as communities— (A) in which not more than 10 percent of households have an income at or below the poverty level; (B) in which the median wage is not less than 90 percent of the median wage for the metropolitan statistical area; (C) in which the unemployment rate is not more than 8 percent; or (D) that meet 2 of the 3 criteria under sub-paragraphs (A) through (C). SA 3983. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion A, insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available under this title may be used for the VelociRFTA bus rapid transit project in Roaring Fork Valley, Colorado. 
SA 3984. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 64, line 21, strike ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
SA 3985. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.034 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2896 May 17, 2016 
REED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 152, line 13, insert ‘‘The Secretary may refuse to withdraw the Notice of De-fault upon receipt of a petition from the Governor of the State in which the deficient property is located.’’ after ‘‘Default.’’. 
SA 3986. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 85, line 10, insert ‘‘Provided further, That the Secretary may provide replacement vouchers for units operated by management or ownership that has been declared in de-fault of a Housing Assistance Payments con-tract due to physical deficiencies:’’ after ‘‘funds:’’. 
SA 3987. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2806, making ap-propriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, add the following: 
CERTAIN SERVICE DEEMED TO BE ACTIVE  
MILITARY SERVICE  S
EC. 251. (a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of section 401(a)(1)(A) of the GI Bill Improve-ment Act of 1977 (38 U.S.C. 106 note), the Sec-retary of Defense is deemed to have deter-mined that qualified service of an individual constituted active military service. (b) D
ETERMINATION OF DISCHARGE STATUS .— The Secretary of Defense shall issue an hon-orable discharge under section 401(a)(1)(B) of the GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977 to each person whose qualified service warrants an honorable discharge. Such discharge shall be issued before the end of the one-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) P
ROHIBITION OF RETROACTIVE BENE-
FITS.—No benefits may be paid to any indi-vidual as a result of the enactment of this Act for any period before the date of the en-actment of this Act. (d) Q
UALIFIED SERVICE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘qualified service’’ means service of an individual as a member of the organization known as the United States Cadet Nurse Corps during the period begin-ning on July 1, 1943, and ending on December 15, 1945. 
SA 3988. Mr. MENENDEZ (for him-self, Mr. S
ANDERS , and Mr. B ROWN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 pro-posed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: In division A, strike section 230. 
SA 3989. Mr. MENENDEZ (for him-self, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: 
SEC. ll. MILITARY FAMILIES CREDIT REPORT-ING ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Military Families Credit Re-porting Act’’. (b) N
OTICE OF STATUS AS AN ACTIVE DUTY M
ILITARY CONSUMER .—The Fair Credit Re-porting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amend-ed— (1) in section 605 (15 U.S.C. 1681c), by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(i) N
OTICE OF STATUS AS AN ACTIVE DUTY M
ILITARY CONSUMER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to an item of adverse information about a consumer that arises from the failure of the consumer to make any required payment on a debt or other obligation, if the action or inaction that gave rise to the item occurred while the consumer was an active duty military con-sumer, the consumer may provide appro-priate proof, including official orders, to a consumer reporting agency that the con-sumer was an active duty military consumer at the time such action or inaction occurred, and any consumer report provided by the consumer reporting agency that includes the item shall clearly and conspicuously disclose that the consumer was an active duty mili-tary consumer when the action or inaction that gave rise to the item occurred. ‘‘(2) M
ODEL FORM .—The Bureau shall pre-pare a model form, which shall be made pub-licly available, including in an electronic format, by which a consumer may— ‘‘(A) notify, and provide appropriate proof to, a consumer reporting agency in a simple and easy manner, including electronically, that the consumer is or was an active duty military consumer; and ‘‘(B) provide contact information of the consumer for the purpose of communicating with the consumer while the consumer is an active duty military consumer. ‘‘(3) N
O ADVERSE CONSEQUENCES .—Notice, whether provided by the model form de-scribed in paragraph (2) or otherwise, that a consumer is or was an active duty military consumer may not provide the sole basis for— ‘‘(A) with respect to a credit transaction between the consumer and a creditor, a cred-itor— ‘‘(i) denying an application of credit sub-mitted by the consumer; ‘‘(ii) revoking an offer of credit made to the consumer by the creditor; ‘‘(iii) changing the terms of an existing credit arrangement with the consumer; or ‘‘(iv) refusing to grant credit to the con-sumer in a substantially similar amount or on substantially similar terms requested by the consumer; ‘‘(B) furnishing negative information relat-ing to the creditworthiness of the consumer by or to a consumer reporting agency; or ‘‘(C) except as otherwise provided in this title, a creditor or consumer reporting agen-cy noting in the file of the consumer that the consumer is or was an active duty mili-tary consumer.’’; (2) in section 605A (15 U.S.C. 1681c–1)— (A) in subsection (c)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respec-tively, and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; (ii) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Upon’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Upon’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) N
EGATIVE INFORMATION NOTIFICATION .— If a consumer reporting agency receives an item of adverse information about a con-sumer who has provided appropriate proof that the consumer is an active duty military consumer, the consumer reporting agency shall promptly notify the consumer, accord-ing to a frequency, manner, and timeliness determined by the Bureau or specified by the consumer— ‘‘(A) that the consumer reporting agency has received the item of adverse informa-tion, along with a description of the item; and ‘‘(B) the method by which the consumer may dispute the validity of the item. ‘‘(3) C
ONTACT INFORMATION FOR ACTIVE DUTY  
MILITARY CONSUMERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a consumer who has provided appropriate proof to a consumer re-porting agency that the consumer is an ac-tive duty military consumer provides the consumer reporting agency with contact in-formation for the purpose of communicating with the consumer while the consumer is an active duty military consumer, the con-sumer reporting agency shall use that con-tact information for all communications while the consumer is an active duty mili-tary consumer. ‘‘(B) D
IRECT REQUEST .—Unless the con-sumer directs otherwise, the provision of contact information by the consumer under subparagraph (A) shall be deemed to be a re-quest for the consumer to receive an active duty alert under paragraph (1). ‘‘(4) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that any person making use of a consumer report that contains an item of ad-verse information should, if the action or in-action that gave rise to the item occurred while the consumer was an active duty mili-tary consumer, take such fact into account when evaluating the creditworthiness of the consumer.’’; and (B) in subsection (e), by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) subparagraphs (A) and (B) of sub-section (c)(1), in the case of a referral under subsection (c)(1)(C).’’; and (3) in section 611(a)(1) (15 U.S.C. 1681i(a)(1)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) N
OTICE OF DISPUTE RELATED TO ACTIVE  
DUTY MILITARY CONSUMERS .—With respect to an item of information described under sub-paragraph (A) that is under dispute, if the consumer to whom the item relates has noti-fied the consumer reporting agency, and has provided appropriate proof, that the con-sumer was an active duty military consumer at the time the action or inaction that gave rise to the disputed item occurred, the con-sumer reporting agency shall— ‘‘(i) include that fact in the file of the con-sumer; and ‘‘(ii) indicate that fact in each consumer report that includes the disputed item.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.035 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2897 May 17, 2016 
SA 3990. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: 
PROHIBITION ON RECOVERY OF OVERPAYMENT  
OF COMPENSATION PAID TO INCARCERATED IN -
DIVIDUALS EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF FRAUD , 
MISREPRESENTATION , OR BAD FAITH  S
EC. 251. Section 5313 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f); and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) The Secretary may not recover from a person the amount of any compensation that should have been reduced under this section after the date that is 180 days after the date on which such amount should have been re-duced under this section unless the Sec-retary determines that the person com-mitted fraud, misrepresentation, or bad faith that resulted in such amount not being re-duced.’’. 
SA 3991. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: 
SEC. 251. PUBLICATION OF INFORMATION ON PROVISION OF HEALTH CARE BY DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) P UBLICATION OF INFORMATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall publish on an Inter-net database of the Department of Veterans Affairs available to the public information on the provision of health care by the De-partment. (2) E
LEMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each publication re-quired by paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to each medical facility of the De-partment during the 180-day period preceding such publication, the following: (i) The average length of stay for inpatient care. (ii) A description of any hospital-acquired condition acquired by a patient. (iii) The rate of readmission of patients within 30 days of release. (iv) The rate at which opioids are pre-scribed to each patient. (v) The average wait time for emergency room treatment. (vi) A description of any scheduling back-log with respect to patient appointments. (vii) The average number of patients seen per month by each primary care physician. (B) A
DDITIONAL ELEMENTS .—The Secretary may include in each publication required by paragraph (1) such additional information on the safety of medical facilities of the Depart-ment, health outcomes at such facilities, and quality of care at such facilities as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (3) SEARCHABILITY .—The Secretary shall ensure that the Internet database required by paragraph (1) is searchable by State, city, and facility. (4) P
ERSONAL INFORMATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that personal information con-nected to information published under para-graph (1) is protected from disclosure as re-quired by applicable law. (b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Con-gress a report setting forth recommenda-tions for additional elements to be included with the information published under sub-section (a) to improve the evaluation and as-sessment of the safety and health of individ-uals receiving health care under the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary and the quality of health care received by such individuals. 
SA 3992. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to deny an In-spector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials available to the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), or to prevent or impede that Inspector General’s access to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provi-sion of law that expressly refers to the In-spector General and expressly limits the In-spector General’s right of access. (b) A department or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General with access to all such records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. (c) Each Inspector General shall ensure compliance with statutory limitations on disclosure relevant to the information pro-vided by the establishment over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (d) Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate within 5 calendar days any failures to comply with this require-ment. 
SA 3993. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: SEC. ll. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to deny an In-spector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials available to the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), or to prevent or impede that Inspector General’s access to such records, documents, or other materials, under any provision of law, except a provi-sion of law that expressly refers to the In-spector General and expressly limits the In-spector General’s right of access. (b) A department or agency covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General with access to all such records, documents, and other materials in a timely manner. (c) Each Inspector General shall ensure compliance with statutory limitations on disclosure relevant to the information pro-vided by the establishment over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (d) Each Inspector General covered by this section shall report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate within 5 calendar days any failures to comply with this require-ment. 
SA 3994. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: TITLE ll—WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS 
SEC. ll01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2016’’. Subtitle A—Employees Generally 
SEC. ll11. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle— (1) the terms ‘‘agency’’ and ‘‘personnel ac-tion’’ have the meanings given such terms under section 2302 of title 5, United States Code; and (2) the term ‘‘employee’’ means an em-ployee (as defined in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code) of an agency. 
SEC. ll12. STAYS; PROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES. 
(a) R EQUEST BY SPECIAL COUNSEL .—Section 1214(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) If the Merit Systems Protections Board grants a stay under this subsection, the head of the agency employing the em-ployee shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (b) I
NDIVIDUAL RIGHT OF ACTION FOR PROBA -
TIONARY EMPLOYEES .—Section 1221 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) If the Merit Systems Protection Board grants a stay to an employee in probationary status under subsection (c), the head of the agency employing the employee shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (c) S
TUDY REGARDING RETALIATION AGAINST  P
ROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES .—The Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.037 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2898 May 17, 2016 
and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives a report discussing retaliation against employees in probationary status. 
SEC. ll13. ADEQUATE ACCESS OF SPECIAL COUNSEL TO INFORMATION. 
Section 1212(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) The Special Counsel, in carrying out this subchapter, is authorized to— ‘‘(A) have access to all records, reports, au-dits, reviews, documents, papers, rec-ommendations, or other material available to the applicable agency which relate to a matter within the jurisdiction or authority of the Special Counsel; and ‘‘(B) request from any agency such infor-mation or assistance as may be necessary for carrying out the duties and responsibilities of the Special Counsel under this sub-chapter.’’. 
SEC. ll14. PROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRAC-TICES. 
Section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (13), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (13) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(14) access the medical record of another employee for the purpose of retaliation for a disclosure or activity protected under para-graph (8) or (9).’’. 
SEC. ll15. DISCIPLINE OF SUPERVISORS BASED ON RETALIATION AGAINST WHISTLE-BLOWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistleblowers ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’ has the meaning given that term under section 2302; ‘‘(2) the term ‘prohibited personnel action’ means taking or failing to take an action in violation of paragraph (8), (9), or (14) of sec-tion 2302(b) against an employee of an agen-cy; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘supervisor’ means a super-visor, as defined under section 7103(a), who is employed by an agency, as defined under paragraph (1) of this subsection. ‘‘(b) P
ROPOSED ADVERSE ACTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with para-graph (2), the head of an agency shall pro-pose against a supervisor whom the head of that agency, an administrative law judge, the Merit Systems Protection Board, the Of-fice of Special Counsel, an adjudicating body provided under a union contract, a Federal judge, or the Inspector General of the agency determines committed a prohibited per-sonnel action the following adverse actions: ‘‘(A) With respect to the first prohibited personnel action, an adverse action that is not less than a 12-day suspension. ‘‘(B) With respect to the second prohibited personnel action, removal. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES .— ‘‘(A) N
OTICE .—A supervisor against whom an adverse action under paragraph (1) is pro-posed is entitled to written notice. ‘‘(B) A
NSWER AND EVIDENCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A supervisor who is noti-fied under subparagraph (A) that the super-visor is the subject of a proposed adverse ac-tion under paragraph (1) is entitled to 14 days following such notification to answer and furnish evidence in support of the an-swer. ‘‘(ii) N
O EVIDENCE .—After the end of the 14- day period described in clause (i), if a super-visor does not furnish evidence as described in clause (i) or if the head of the agency de-termines that such evidence is not sufficient to reverse the proposed adverse action, the head of the agency shall carry out the ad-verse action. ‘‘(C) SCOPE OF PROCEDURES .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) of section 7513, sub-section (c) of such section, paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) of section 7543, and subsection (c) of such section shall not apply with respect to an adverse action carried out under this subsection. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON OTHER ADVERSE AC-
TIONS .—With respect to a prohibited per-sonnel action, if the head of the agency car-ries out an adverse action against a super-visor under another provision of law, the head of the agency may carry out an addi-tional adverse action under this section based on the same prohibited personnel ac-tion.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistle-blowers.’’. 
SEC. ll16. SUICIDE BY EMPLOYEES. 
(a) R EFERRAL .—The head of an agency shall refer to the Office of Special Counsel, along with any information known to the agency regarding the circumstances de-scribed in paragraphs (2) and (3), any in-stance in which the head of the agency has information indicating— (1) an employee of the agency committed suicide; (2) prior to the death of the employee, the employee made any disclosure of informa-tion which reasonably evidences— (A) any violation of any law, rule, or regu-lation; or (B) gross mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safe-ty; and (3) after a disclosure described in para-graph (2), a personnel action was taken against the employee. (b) O
FFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL REVIEW .— For any referral to the Office of Special Counsel under subsection (a), the Office of Special Counsel shall— (1) examine whether any personnel action was taken because of any disclosure of infor-mation described in subsection (a)(2); and (2) take any action the Office of Special Counsel determines appropriate under sub-chapter II of chapter 12 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. ll17. TRAINING FOR SUPERVISORS. 
In consultation with the Office of Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the agency (or senior ethics official of the agen-cy for an agency without an Inspector Gen-eral), the head of each agency shall provide training regarding how to respond to com-plaints alleging a violation of whistleblower protections (as defined in section 2307 of title 5, United States Code, as added by this sub-title) available to employees of the agency— (1) to employees appointed to supervisory positions in the agency who have not pre-viously served as a supervisor; and (2) on an annual basis, to all employees of the agency serving in a supervisory position. 
SEC. ll18. INFORMATION ON WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTIONS. 
(a) E XISTING PROVISION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (c), (d), and (e), respec-tively. (2) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) Section 4505a(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2302(c)’’. (B) Section 5755(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2302(c)’’. (C) Section 110(b)(2) of the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2303(f)(1) or (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2303(e)(1) or (2)’’. (D) Section 704 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 344) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2302(c)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘2307’’. (E) Section 1217(d)(3) of the Panama Canal Act of 1979 (22 U.S.C. 3657(d)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2302(c)’’. (F) Section 1233(b) of the Panama Canal Act of 1979 (22 U.S.C. 3673(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2302(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2302(c)’’. (b) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—Chapter 23 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 2307. Information on whistleblower protec-tions ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’ has the meaning given that term in section 2302; ‘‘(2) the term ‘new employee’ means an in-dividual— ‘‘(A) appointed to a position as an em-ployee of an agency on or after the date of enactment of the Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2016; and ‘‘(B) who has not previously served as an employee; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘whistleblower protections’ means the protections against and remedies for a prohibited personnel practice described in paragraph (8), subparagraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of paragraph (9), or paragraph (14) of section 2302(b). ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF HEAD OF AGEN-
CY.—The head of each agency shall be re-sponsible for the prevention of prohibited personnel practices, for the compliance with and enforcement of applicable civil service laws, rules, and regulations, and other as-pects of personnel management, and for en-suring (in consultation with the Special Counsel and the Inspector General of the agency) that employees of the agency are in-formed of the rights and remedies available to them under this chapter and chapter 12, including— ‘‘(1) information regarding whistleblower protections available to new employees dur-ing the probationary period; ‘‘(2) the role of the Office of Special Coun-sel and the Merit Systems Protection Board with regard to whistleblower protections; and ‘‘(3) how to make a lawful disclosure of in-formation that is specifically required by law or Executive order to be kept classified in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs to the Special Counsel, the Inspector General of an agency, Congress, or other agency employee des-ignated to receive such disclosures. ‘‘(c) T
IMING .—The head of each agency shall ensure that the information required to be provided under subsection (b) is provided to each new employee of the agency not later than 6 months after the date the new em-ployee is appointed. ‘‘(d) I
NFORMATION ONLINE .—The head of each agency shall make available informa-tion regarding whistleblower protections ap-plicable to employees of the agency on the public website of the agency, and on any on-line portal that is made available only to employees of the agency if one exists. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.037 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2899 May 17, 2016 
‘‘(e) D ELEGEES .—Any employee to whom the head of an agency delegates authority for personnel management, or for any aspect thereof, shall, within the limits of the scope of the delegation, be responsible for the ac-tivities described in subsection (b).’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 23 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘2307. Information on whistleblower protec-tions.’’. Subtitle B—Department of Veterans Affairs Employees 
SEC. ll21. PREVENTION OF UNAUTHORIZED AC-CESS TO MEDICAL RECORDS OF EM-PLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT OF PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— (A) develop a plan to prevent access to the medical records of employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs by employees of the Department who are not authorized to access such records; (B) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the plan developed under sub-paragraph (A); and (C) upon request, provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress with re-spect to the plan developed under subpara-graph (A). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A detailed assessment of strategic goals of the Department for the prevention of unauthorized access to the medical records of employees of the Department. (B) A list of circumstances in which an em-ployee of the Department who is not a health care provider or an assistant to a health care provider would be authorized to access the medical records of another employee of the Department. (C) Steps that the Secretary will take to acquire new or implement existing tech-nology to prevent an employee of the De-partment from accessing the medical records of another employee of the Department with-out a specific need to access such records. (D) Steps the Secretary will take, includ-ing plans to issue new regulations, as nec-essary, to ensure that an employee of the De-partment may not access the medical records of another employee of the Depart-ment for the purpose of retrieving demo-graphic information if that demographic in-formation is available to the employee in an-other location or through another format. (E) A proposed timetable for the imple-mentation of such plan. (F) An estimate of the costs associated with implementing such plan. (b) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform and the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. ll22. OUTREACH ON AVAILABILITY OF MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES AVAIL-ABLE TO EMPLOYEES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall conduct a program of outreach to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs to in-form those employees of any mental health services, including telemedicine options, that are available to them. SEC. ll23. PROTOCOLS TO ADDRESS THREATS AGAINST EMPLOYEES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall en-sure protocols are in effect to address threats from individuals receiving health care from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs directed towards employees of the De-partment who are providing such health care. 
SEC. ll24. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES STUDY ON AC-COUNTABILITY OF CHIEFS OF PO-LICE OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL CENTERS. 
The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to assess the re-porting, staffing, accountability, and chain of command structure of the Department of Veterans Affairs police officers at medical centers of the Department. 
SA 3995. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: S
EC. 251. (a) R EPORT ON OPIOID ABUSE AND  T
REATMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall pub-lish on a publicly available Internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs a re-port that includes the following information: (1) A comprehensive list of all facilities of the Department offering an opioid abuse treatment program, including details on the types of services available at each facility. (2) The number of veterans treated by a health care provider of the Department for opioid abuse during the year preceding the publication of the report. (3) Of the veterans described in paragraph (2), the number treated for opioid abuse in conjunction with posttraumatic stress dis-order, depression, or anxiety. (4) With respect to veterans receiving treatment for opioid abuse— (A) the average period of time veterans re-ported abusing opioids before beginning such treatment during the year preceding the publication of the report; and (B) the main reasons reported to the De-partment by veterans as to how they came to receive such treatment, including self-refer-ral or recommendation by a physician or family member. (b) P
ROTECTION OF INFORMATION .—No infor- mation published under subsection (a) shall include any information that personally identifies a veteran. 
SA 3996. Mr. VITTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II in Division A, add the following: SEC. ll. (a) D EFINITIONS .—In this sec-tion— (1) the term ‘‘families’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(b)(3) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(3)); (2) the term ‘‘low-income families’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(b)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(2)); (3) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development; and (4) the term ‘‘very low-income families’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(b)(2) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(2)). (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to give public housing agencies and the Secretary the flexibility to design and imple-ment various approaches for providing and administering housing assistance that achieves greater cost effectiveness in using Federal housing assistance to address local housing needs for low-income families; (2) to reduce administrative burdens on public housing agencies providing such as-sistance; (3) to give incentives to assisted families to work and become economically self-suffi-cient; (4) to increase housing choices for low-in-come families; and (5) to enhance the ability of low-income el-derly residents and persons with disabilities to live independently. (c) M
OVING TO WORKCHARTER PROGRAM AU-
THORITY .— (1) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the phase-in requirements under subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall enter into charter contracts, beginning in fiscal year 2017, with not more than 250 public housing agencies admin-istering the public housing program or as-sistance provided under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f). (B) P
HASE -IN.—The phase-in requirements under this subparagraph are as follows: (i) By the end of fiscal year 2017, the Sec-retary shall have entered into charter con-tracts with not less than 80 public housing agencies described in subparagraph (A). (ii) By the end of fiscal year 2018, the Sec-retary shall have entered into charter con-tracts with not less than 160 public housing agencies described in subparagraph (A). (iii) By the end of fiscal year 2019, the Sec-retary shall have entered into charter con-tracts with not less than 250 public housing agencies described in subparagraph (A). (2) C
HARTER CONTRACTS .—A charter con-tract shall— (A) supersede and have a term commensu-rate with any annual contributions contract between a public housing agency and the Secretary; and (B) provide that a participating public housing agency shall receive— (i) capital and operating assistance allo-cated to such agency under section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g); and (ii) assistance provided under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f). (3) U
SE OF ASSISTANCE .—Any assistance provided under paragraph (2)(B)— (A) may be combined; and (B) shall be used to provide locally de-signed housing assistance for low-income families, including— (i) services to facilitate the transition to work and self-sufficiency; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.037 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2900 May 17, 2016 
(ii) any other activity which a public hous-ing agency is authorized to undertake pursu-ant to State or local law. (d) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS OF ASSIST -
ANCE .— (1) A
PPLICABILITY OF UNITED STATES HOUS -
ING ACT OF 1937 .—Except as provided in this subsection, the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) shall not be appli-cable to any public housing agency partici-pating in the Moving to Work Charter pro-gram established under this section. (2) A
PPLICABLE 1937 ACT PROVISIONS .—The following provisions of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.) are applicable to any public housing agency par-ticipating in the Moving to Work Charter program established under this section: (A) Subsections (a) and (b) of section 12 (42 U.S.C. 1437j (a) and (b)) shall apply to hous-ing assisted under a charter contract, other than housing assisted solely due to occu-pancy by families receiving tenant based rental assistance. (B) Section 18 (42 U.S.C. 1437p) shall con-tinue to apply to public housing developed under such Act notwithstanding any use of the housing under a charter contract. (3) C
HARTER CONTRACT TERMS .—A charter contract shall provide that a public housing agency— (A) may— (i) combine assistance received under sec-tions 8 and 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f and 1437g), as de-scribed in subsection (c)(3); and (ii) use such assistance to provide housing assistance and related services for activities authorized by this section, including those activities authorized by sections 8 and 9 of such Act; (B) certify that in preparing its application for participation in the Moving to Work Charter program established under this sec-tion, such agency has— (i) provided for citizen participation through a public hearing and, if appropriate, other means; and (ii) taken into account comments from the public hearing and any other public com-ments on the proposed activities under this section, including comments from current and prospective residents who would be af-fected by such contract; (C) shall ensure that not less than 75 per-cent of the families assisted under a charter contract shall be, at the time of such fami-lies’ entry into the Moving to Work Charter program, very low-income families; (D) shall establish a reasonable rent policy, which shall— (i) be designed to encourage employment, self-sufficiency, and homeownership by par-ticipating families, consistent with the pur-poses of this section; (ii) include transition and hardship provi-sions; (iii) be included in the annual plan of such agency; and (iv) be subject to the opportunities for pub-lic participation described in subsection (f)(1)(C)(iv); (E) shall continue to assist not less than substantially the same total number of low- income families as would have been served had such agency not entered into such con-tract; (F) shall maintain a comparable mix of families (by family size) as would have been provided had the agency not entered into such contract; (G) shall ensure that housing assisted under such contract meets housing quality standards established or approved by the Secretary; (H) shall receive training and technical as-sistance, upon request by such agency, to as-sist with the design and implementation of the activities described under this section; (I) shall receive an amount of assistance under sections 8 and 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f and 1437g) that is not diminished by the participation of such agency in the Moving to Work Char-ter program established under this section; (J) shall be subject to the procurement procedures described in such contract; (K) shall ensure that each family receiving housing assistance— (i) is engaged in work activities that would count toward satisfying the monthly work participation rates applicable to the State in which such public housing agency is located for purposes of the State temporary assist-ance to needy families program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) if the family were re-ceiving assistance or benefits under that pro-gram; or (ii) would qualify under that program to an exception to engaging in such work activi-ties; and (L) shall provide housing assistance to families assisted under a charter contract for not more than 5 years. (e) SELECTION .—In selecting among public housing agency applications to participate in the Moving to Work Charter program es-tablished under this section, the Secretary shall consider— (1) the potential of each agency to plan and carry out activities under such program; (2) the relative performance by an agency under section 6(j) of the United States Hous-ing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437d(j)); (3) the need for a diversity of participants in terms of size, location, and type of agen-cy; and (4) any other appropriate factor as deter-mined by the Secretary. (f) C
HARTER REPORT .— (1) C
ONTENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and in place of all other planning and reporting requirements otherwise required, each public housing agency that is a party to a charter contract shall submit to the Secretary, on an annual basis, a single charter report, in a form and at a time specified by the Secretary. (B) S
OLE MEANS OF REPORTING .—A charter report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall be the sole means by which a public housing agency shall be required to provide information to the Secretary on the activi-ties assisted under this section during a fis-cal year, unless the Secretary has reason to believe that such agency has violated the charter contract between the Secretary and such agency. (C) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each charter report required under subparagraph (A) shall— (i) document the use by a public housing agency of any assistance provided under a charter contract, including appropriate fi-nancial statements; (ii) describe and analyze the effect of as-sisted activities in addressing the objectives of this section; (iii) include a certification by such agency that such agency has prepared an annual plan which— (I) states the goals and objectives of that agency under the charter contract for the past fiscal year; (II) describes the proposed use of assistance by that agency for activities under the char-ter contract for the past fiscal year; (III) explains how the proposed activities of that agency will meet the goals and objec-tives of that agency; (IV) includes appropriate budget and finan-cial statements of that agency; and (V) was prepared in accordance with a pub-lic process as described in clause (iv); (iv) describe and document how a public housing agency has provided residents as-sisted under a charter contract and the wider community with opportunities to participate in the development of and comment on the annual plan, which shall include not less than 1 public hearing; and (v) include such other information as may be required by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (g)(2). (2) REVIEW .—Any charter report submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be deemed approved unless the Secretary, not later than 45 days after the date of submission of such report, issues a written disapproval be-cause— (A) the Secretary reasonably determines, based on information contained in the re-port, that a public housing agency is not in compliance with the provisions of this sec-tion or other applicable law; or (B) such report is inconsistent with other reliable information available to the Sec-retary. (g) R
ECORDS AND AUDITS .— (1) K
EEPING OF RECORDS .—Each public housing agency shall keep such records as the Secretary may prescribe as reasonably necessary— (A) to disclose the amounts and the dis-position of amounts under the Moving to Work Charter program established under this section; (B) to ensure compliance with the require-ments of this section; and (C) to measure performance. (2) A
CCESS TO DOCUMENTS BY THE SEC -
RETARY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall have access for the purpose of audit and examina-tion to any books, documents, papers, and records that are pertinent to assistance in connection with, and the requirements of, this section. (B) L
IMITATION .—Access by the Secretary described under subparagraph (A) shall be limited to information obtained solely through the annual charter report submitted by a public housing agency under subsection (f), unless the Secretary has reason to be-lieve that such agency is not in compliance with the charter contract between the Sec-retary and such agency. (3) A
CCESS TO DOCUMENTS BY THE COMP -
TROLLER GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States, or any duly authorized representative of the Comptroller General, shall have access for the purpose of audit and examination to any books, documents, pa-pers, and records that are pertinent to as-sistance in connection with, and the require-ments of the Moving to Work Charter pro-gram established under this section. (h) P
ROCUREMENT PREEMPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any State or local law which imposes procedures or standards for procurement which conflict with or are more burdensome than applicable Federal procure-ment requirements shall not apply to any public housing agency under the Moving to Work Charter program established under this section. (2) R
EDUCTION OF ADMINISTRATIVE BUR -
DENS .—The Secretary may approve procure-ment procedures for public housing agencies participating in the Moving to Work Charter program established under this section that reduce administrative burdens of procure-ment requirements imposed by Federal law. (i) S
UBSEQUENT LAWS PREEMPTED .—A pub- lic housing agency participating in the Mov-ing to Work Charter program established under this section shall not be subject to any provision of law which conflicts with the provisions of this section and which is en-acted subsequent to the date of execution of such agency’s charter contract or Moving to Work program agreement, as described in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.036 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2901 May 17, 2016 
subsection (j), unless such law expressly pro-vides for such law’s application to public housing agencies subject to this section. (j) E
XISTING AGREEMENTS .—Notwith- standing anything in this section or any other provision of law, any public housing agency which has an existing Moving to Work program agreement with the Secretary pursuant to section 204 of the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Housing and Urban Development, and Independent Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 1996 (Public Law 104–134; 110 Stat. 1321–281) and which is not in default thereof, may, at the option of such agency— (1) continue to operate under the terms and conditions of such agreement notwith-standing any limitation on the terms con-tained in such contract; or (2) at any time, enter into a charter con-tract with the Secretary on terms and condi-tions which are not less favorable to the agency than such existing agreement. (k) P
UBLIC HOUSING AGENCY EVALUATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the end of fiscal year 2017, the Secretary shall appoint a Federal advisory committee consisting of public housing agencies with charter con-tracts, public housing industry organiza-tions, resident organizations, other public housing and section 8 voucher stakeholders, and experts on accreditation systems in similar fields, to assess and develop a dem-onstration program to test standards, cri-teria, and practices for a national public housing agency accreditation system or other evaluation system. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than the end of fis-cal year 2019, the committee established under paragraph (1) and the Secretary shall provide a report and recommendations to Congress with respect to the establishment of a national public housing agency accredi-tation system. 
SA 3997. Mr. KIRK submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: 
SEC. 251. INSPECTION OF KITCHENS AND FOOD SERVICE AREAS AT MEDICAL FA-CILITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually there-after, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide for the conduct of inspections of kitchens and food service areas at each med-ical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs to ensure that the same standards for kitchens and food service areas at hospitals in the private sector are being met at kitch-ens and food service areas at medical facili-ties of the Department. (b) A
GREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall seek to enter into an agreement with the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Or-ganizations under which the Joint Commis-sion on Accreditation of Hospital Organiza-tions conducts the inspections required under subsection (a). (2) A
LTERNATE ORGANIZATION .—If the Sec-retary is unable to enter into an agreement described in paragraph (1) with the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Or-ganizations on terms acceptable to the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall seek to enter into such an agreement with another appropriate organization that— (A) is not part of the Federal Government; (B) operates as a not-for-profit entity; and (C) has expertise and objectivity com-parable to that of the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations. (c) REMEDIATION PLAN.— (1) I
NITIAL FAILURE .—If a kitchen or food service area of a medical facility of the De-partment is determined pursuant to an in-spection conducted under subsection (a) not to meet the standards for kitchens and food service areas in hospitals in the private sec-tor, that medical facility fails the inspection and the Secretary shall— (A) implement a remediation plan for that medical facility within 48 hours; and (B) Conduct a second inspection under sub-section (a) at that medical facility within 7 days of the failed inspection. (2) S
ECOND FAILURE .—If a medical facility of the Department fails the second inspec-tion conducted under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall close the kitchen or food service area at that medical facility that did not meet the standards for kitchens and food service areas in hospitals in the private sec-tor until remediation is completed and all kitchens and food service areas at that med-ical facility meet such standards. (3) P
ROVISION OF FOOD .—If a kitchen or food service area is closed at a medical facility of the Department pursuant to paragraph (2), the Director of the Veterans Integrated Service Network in which the medical facil-ity is located shall enter into a contract with a vendor approved by the General Serv-ices Administration to provide food at the medical facility. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) Q
UARTERLY .—Not less frequently than quarterly, the Director of each Veterans In-tegrated Service Network shall submit to Congress a report on inspections conducted under this section during that quarter at medical facilities of the Department under the jurisdiction of that Director. (2) S
UBSEQUENT PERIOD .—A Director of a Veterans Integrated Service Network may submit to Congress the report described in paragraph (1) not less frequently than semi-annually if the Director does not report any failed inspections for the one-year period preceding the submittal of the report. 
SEC. 252. INSPECTION OF MOLD ISSUES AT MED-ICAL FACILITIES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually there-after, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide for the inspection of mold issues at medical facilities of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. (b) A
GREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall seek to enter into an agreement with the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Or-ganizations under which the Joint Commis-sion on Accreditation of Hospital Organiza-tions conducts the inspections required under subsection (a). (2) A
LTERNATE ORGANIZATION .—If the Sec-retary is unable to enter into an agreement described in paragraph (1) with the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Or-ganizations on terms acceptable to the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall seek to enter into such an agreement with another appropriate organization that— (A) is not part of the Federal Government; (B) operates as a not-for-profit entity; and (C) has expertise and objectivity com-parable to that of the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations. (c) REMEDIATION PLAN.—If a medical facil-ity of the Department is determined pursu-ant to an inspection conducted under sub-section (a) to have a mold issue, the Sec-retary shall— (1) implement a remediation plan for that medical facility within 48 hours; and (2) Conduct a second inspection under sub-section (a) at that medical facility within 90 days of the initial inspection. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) Q
UARTERLY .—Not less frequently than quarterly, the Director of each Veterans In-tegrated Service Network shall submit to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and Con-gress a report on inspections conducted under this section during that quarter at medical facilities of the Department under the jurisdiction of that Director. (2) S
UBSEQUENT PERIOD .—A Director of a Veterans Integrated Service Network may submit to Congress the report described in paragraph (1) not less frequently than semi-annually if the Director does not report any mold issues for the one-year period preceding the submittal of the report. 
SA 3998. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division B, add the following: 
SEC. 251. COVERAGE UNDER DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS BENEFICIARY TRAVEL PROGRAM OF TRAVEL IN CONNECTION WITH CERTAIN SPE-CIAL DISABILITIES REHABILITA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 111(b)(1) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) A veteran with vision impairment, a veteran with a spinal cord injury or disorder, or a veteran with double or multiple amputa-tions whose travel is in connection with care provided through a special disabilities reha-bilitation program of the Department (in-cluding programs provided by spinal cord in-jury centers, blind rehabilitation centers, and prosthetics rehabilitation centers) if such care is provided— ‘‘(i) on an in-patient basis; or ‘‘(ii) during a period in which the Sec-retary provides the veteran with temporary lodging at a facility of the Department to make such care more accessible to the vet-eran.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on the beneficiary travel program under section 111 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), that includes the following: (1) The cost of the program. (2) The number of veterans served by the program. (3) Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year that be-gins after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.036 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2902 May 17, 2016 
SA 3999. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 105, line 9, strike ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$500,000’’. 
SA 4000. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 105, strike lines 5 through 10. 
SA 4001. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 27, line 9, strike ‘‘In addition’’ and all that follows through the end of line 12. 
SA 4002. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , and Mr. B OOKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 pro-posed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K
IRK, Mr. R EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 44 of division A, strike line 3 and all that follows through page 45, line 21, and insert the following: S
EC. 131. (a) Section 133 of the Transpor-tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016 (division L of Public Law 114–113) is repealed. (b) Section 133 of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (di-vision K of Public Law 113–235) is amended by striking subsections (a) and (b). 
SA 4003. Ms. COLLINS (for Mr. S UL-
LIVAN (for himself, Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. M
ARKEY )) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1335, to implement the Con-vention on the Conservation and Man-agement of the High Seas Fisheries Re-sources in the North Pacific Ocean, as adopted at Tokyo on February 24, 2012, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring Access to Fisheries Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—NORTH PACIFIC FISHERIES Subtitle A—North Pacific Fisheries Convention Implementation Act Sec. 101. Short title. Sec. 102. Definitions. Sec. 103. United States participation in the North Pacific Fisheries Conven-tion. Sec. 104. Authority and responsibility of the Secretary of State. Sec. 105. Authority of the Secretary of Com-merce. Sec. 106. Enforcement. Sec. 107. Prohibited acts. Sec. 108. Cooperation in carrying out Con-vention. Sec. 109. Territorial participation. Sec. 110. Exclusive economic zone notifica-tion. Sec. 111. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Miscellaneous Sec. 121. Funding for travel expenses. Sec. 122. National Sea Grant College Pro-gram Reauthorization Act of 1998. TITLE II—SOUTH PACIFIC FISHERIES CONVENTION IMPLEMENTATION ACT Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. Definitions. Sec. 203. Appointment of United States Commissioners. Sec. 204. Authority and responsibility of the Secretary of State. Sec. 205. Authority of the Secretary of Com-merce. Sec. 206. Enforcement. Sec. 207. Prohibited acts. Sec. 208. Cooperation in carrying out Con-vention. Sec. 209. Territorial participation. Sec. 210. Exclusive economic zone notifica-tion. Sec. 211. Authorization of appropriations. TITLE III—NORTHWEST ATLANTIC FISH-ERIES CONVENTION AMENDMENTS ACT Sec. 301. Short title; references to the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Convention Act of 1995. Sec. 302. Representation of the United States under Convention. Sec. 303. Requests for scientific advice. Sec. 304. Authorities of Secretary of State with respect to Convention. Sec. 305. Interagency cooperation. Sec. 306. Prohibited acts and penalties. Sec. 307. Consultative committee. Sec. 308. Definitions. Sec. 309. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 310. Quota allocation practice. TITLE I—NORTH PACIFIC FISHERIES Subtitle A—North Pacific Fisheries Convention Implementation Act 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘North Pacific Fisheries Convention Implementa-tion Act’’. 
SEC. 102. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘Advi-sory Committee’’ means the advisory com-mittee established under section 103. (2) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the North Pacific Fisheries Commis-sion established pursuant to the North Pa-cific Fisheries Convention. (3) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ means a United States Commissioner appointed under section 103. (4) CONVENTION AREA .—The term ‘‘Conven-tion Area’’— (A) means the waters of the high seas areas of the North Pacific Ocean; and (B) excludes— (i) the high seas areas of the Bering Sea and other high seas areas that are sur-rounded by the exclusive economic zone of a single nation, which are bounded to the south by a continuous line beginning at the seaward limit of waters under the jurisdic-tion of the United States around the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands at 20 degrees North latitude, then proceeding East and connecting the coordinates: 20°00′00″N, 180°00′00″E/W; 10°00′00″N 180°00′00″E/ W; 10°00′00″N, 140°00′00″W; 20°00′00″N, 140°00′00″W; and thence East to the seaward limit of waters under the fisheries jurisdic-tion of Mexico; and (ii) the exclusive economic zone of the United States or of any other country. (5) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means the North Pacific Fishery Management Council, the Pacific Fishery Management Council, or the Western Pacific Fishery Man-agement Council established under section 302 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852). (6) E
XCLUSIVE ECONOMIC ZONE .—The term ‘‘exclusive economic zone’’ means— (A) with respect to the United States, the zone established by Presidential Proclama-tion Numbered 5030 of March 10, 1983 (16 U.S.C. 1453 note), the inner boundary of which, for purposes of this subtitle, is a line coterminous with the seaward boundary of each of the coastal States; and (B) with respect to a foreign country, a designated zone similar to the zone referred to in subparagraph (A) for that country. (7) F
ISHERIES RESOURCES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘fisheries re-sources’’ means all fish, mollusks, crusta-ceans, and other marine species, including any products thereof, caught by a fishing vessel within the Convention Area. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘fisheries re-sources’’ does not include— (i) sedentary species insofar as they are subject to the sovereign rights of coastal na-tions consistent with Article 77, paragraph 4 of the 1982 Convention and indicator species of vulnerable marine ecosystems as listed in, or adopted pursuant to, Article 13, paragraph 5 of the North Pacific Fisheries Convention; (ii) catadromous species; (iii) marine mammals, marine reptiles, or seabirds; or (iv) other marine species already covered by pre-existing international fisheries man-agement instruments within the area of competence of such instruments. (8) F
ISHING ACTIVITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘fishing activi-ties’’ means— (i) the actual or attempted searching for, catching, taking, or harvesting of fisheries resources; (ii) engaging in any activity that can rea-sonably be expected to result in the locating, catching, taking, or harvesting of fisheries resources for any purpose; (iii) the processing of fisheries resources at sea; (iv) the transhipment of fisheries resources at sea or in port; or (v) any operation at sea in direct support of, or in preparation for, any activity de-scribed in clauses (i) through (iv), including transshipment. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘fishing activi-ties’’ does not include any operation related to an emergency involving the health or safety of a crew member or the safety of a fishing vessel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.038 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2903 May 17, 2016 
(9) F ISHING VESSEL .—The term ‘‘fishing vessel’’ means any vessel used or intended for use for the purpose of engaging in fishing activities, including a processing vessel, a support ship, a carrier vessel, or any other vessel directly engaged in such fishing ac-tivities. (10) H
IGH SEAS .—The term ‘‘high seas’’ does not include an area that is within the exclu-sive economic zone of the United States or of any other country. (11) N
ORTH PACIFIC FISHERIES CONVENTION .— The term ‘‘North Pacific Fisheries Conven-tion’’ means the Convention on the Con-servation and Management of the High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean (including any annexes, amendments, or protocols that are in force, or have come into force) for the United States, which was adopted at Tokyo on February 24, 2012. (12) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means— (A) any individual, whether or not a citizen or national of the United States; (B) any corporation, partnership, associa-tion, or other entity, whether or not orga-nized or existing under the laws of any State; or (C) any Federal, State, local, tribal, or for-eign government or any entity of such gov-ernment. (13) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (14) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and any other common-wealth, territory, or possession of the United States. (15) S
TRADDLING STOCK .—The term ‘‘strad-dling stock’’ means a stock of fisheries re-sources which migrates between, or occurs in, the exclusive economic zone of 1 or more parties to the Convention and the Conven-tion Area. (16) T
RANSSHIPMENT .—The term ‘‘trans-shipment’’ means the unloading of any fish-eries resources taken in the Convention Area from 1 fishing vessel to another fishing ves-sel either at sea or in port. (17) 1982 
CONVENTION .—The term ‘‘1982 Con-vention’’ means the United Nations Conven-tion on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982. 
SEC. 103. UNITED STATES PARTICIPATION IN THE NORTH PACIFIC FISHERIES CON-VENTION. 
(a) U NITED STATES COMMISSIONERS .— (1) N
UMBER OF COMMISSIONERS .—The United States shall be represented on the Commis-sion by 5 United States Commissioners. (2) S
ELECTION OF COMMISSIONERS .—The United States Commissioners shall be as fol-lows: (A) A
PPOINTMENT BY THE PRESIDENT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Two of the Commissioners shall be appointed by the President and shall be an officer or employee of— (I) the Department of Commerce; (II) the Department of State; or (III) the United States Coast Guard. (ii) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In making each appointment under clause (i), the President shall select a Commissioner from among in-dividuals who are knowledgeable or experi-enced concerning fisheries resources in the North Pacific Ocean. (B) N
ORTH PACIFIC FISHERY MANAGEMENT  
COUNCIL .—One Commissioner shall be the chairperson of the North Pacific Fishery Management Council or a designee of such chairperson. (C) P
ACIFIC FISHERY MANAGEMENT COUN -
CIL.—One Commissioner shall be the chair-person of the Pacific Fishery Management Council or a designee of such chairperson. (D) WESTERN PACIFIC FISHERY MANAGEMENT  
COUNCIL .—One Commissioner shall be the chairperson of the Western Pacific Fishery Management Council or a designee of such chairperson. (3) C
HAIRPERSON .—The President shall des-ignate 1 of the Commissioners appointed under paragraph (2) to serve as chairperson of the United States Commissioners. (b) A
LTERNATE COMMISSIONERS .—In the event of a vacancy in a Commissioner ap-pointed under subsection (a), the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary, may designate from time to time and for pe-riods of time considered appropriate an al-ternate Commissioner to the Commission. An alternate Commissioner may exercise all powers and duties of a Commissioner in the absence of a Commissioner appointed under subsection (a), and shall serve the remainder of the term of the absent Commissioner for which designated. (c) A
DMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .— (1) E
MPLOYMENT STATUS .—An individual serving as a Commissioner, or an alternative Commissioner, other than an officer or em-ployee of the United States Government, shall not be considered a Federal employee, except for the purposes of injury compensa-tion or tort claims liability as provided in chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. (2) C
OMPENSATION .—An individual serving as a Commissioner or an alternate Commis-sioner, although an officer of the United States while so serving, shall receive no compensation for the individual’s services as such Commissioner or alternate Commis-sioner. (3) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall pay the necessary travel expenses of a Commissioner or an alternate Commissioner in accordance with the Federal Travel Regu-lations and sections 5701, 5702, 5704 through 5708, and 5731 of title 5, United States Code. (B) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary may reimburse the Secretary of State for amounts expended by the Secretary of State under this paragraph. (d) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF PERMANENT ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .— (A) M
EMBERSHIP .—There is established an advisory committee which shall be composed of 11 members appointed by the Secretary as follows: (i) A member engaging in commercial fish-ing activities in the management area of the North Pacific Fishery Management Council. (ii) A member engaging in commercial fishing activities in the management area of the Pacific Fishery Management Council. (iii) A member engaging in commercial fishing activities in the management area of the Western Pacific Fishery Management Council. (iv) 3 members from the indigenous popu-lation of the North Pacific, including an Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian, or a native- born inhabitant of any State of the United States in the Pacific, and an individual from a Pacific Coast tribe. (v) A member that is a marine fisheries sci-entist that is a resident of a State the adja-cent exclusive economic zone for which is bounded by the Convention Area. (vi) A member nominated by the Governor of the State of Alaska. (vii) A member nominated by the Governor of the State of Hawaii. (viii) A member nominated by the Gov-ernor of the State of Washington. (ix) A member nominated by the Governor of the State of California. (B) T
ERMS AND PRIVILEGES .—Each member of the Advisory Committee shall serve for a term of 2 years and shall be eligible for re-appointment for not more than 3 consecutive terms. The Commissioners shall notify the Advisory Committee in advance of each meeting of the Commissioners. The Advisory Committee shall attend each meeting and shall examine and be heard on all proposed programs, investigations, reports, rec-ommendations, and regulations of the Com-missioners. (C) PROCEDURES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee shall determine its organization and pre-scribe its practices and procedures for car-rying out its functions under this subtitle, the North Pacific Fisheries Convention, and the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). (ii) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF PROCEDURES .— The Advisory Committee shall publish and make available to the public a statement of its organization, practices, and procedures. (iii) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of the Advisory Committee shall constitute a quorum to conduct business. (iv) P
UBLIC MEETINGS .—Meetings of the Ad-visory Committee, except when in executive session, shall be open to the public. Prior no-tice of each non-executive meeting shall be made public in a timely fashion. The Advi-sory Committee shall not be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (D) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary and the Secretary of State shall fur-nish the Advisory Committee with relevant information concerning fisheries resources and international fishery agreements. (2) A
DMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .— (A) S
UPPORT SERVICES .—The Secretary shall provide to the Advisory Committee in a timely manner such administrative and technical support services as are necessary to function effectively. (B) C
OMPENSATION ; STATUS .—An individual appointed to serve as a member of the Advi-sory Committee— (i) shall serve without pay; and (ii) shall not be considered a Federal em-ployee, except for the purposes of injury compensation or tort claims liability as pro-vided in chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. (C) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall pay the necessary travel expenses of members of the Advisory Committee in car-rying out the duties of the Advisory Com-mittee in accordance with the Federal Trav-el Regulations and sections 5701, 5702, 5704 through 5708, and 5731 of title 5, United States Code. (ii) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary may reimburse the Secretary of State for amounts expended by the Secretary of State under this subparagraph. (e) U
NITED STATES PARTICIPATION .—In in- stances in which the United States is partici-pating in any meeting of the parties to the North Pacific Fisheries Convention, the United States shall be represented by the Commissioners and the Advisory Committee. 
SEC. 104. AUTHORITY AND RESPONSIBILITY OF THE SECRETARY OF STATE. 
The Secretary of State may— (1) receive and transmit, on behalf of the United States, reports, requests, rec-ommendations, proposals, decisions, and other communications of and to the Commis-sion; (2) in consultation with the Secretary, act upon, or refer to other appropriate author-ity, any communication under paragraph (1); (3) with the concurrence of the Secretary, and in accordance with the provisions of the Convention, object to any decision of the Commission; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.039 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2904 May 17, 2016 
(4) in the conduct of any program, includ-ing scientific and research programs, under this subtitle, request and utilize on a reim-bursed or non-reimbursed basis the assist-ance, services, personnel, equipment, and fa-cilities of other Federal departments and agencies, foreign governments, foreign agen-cies, or international intergovernmental or-ganizations. 
SEC. 105. AUTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF COMMERCE. 
(a) P ROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State and, with respect to enforcement measures, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, is authorized to promulgate such regulations as may be nec-essary to carry out the United States inter-national obligations under the North Pacific Fisheries Convention and this subtitle, in-cluding recommendations and decisions adopted by the Commission. (2) R
EGULATIONS OF STRADDLING STOCKS .— In the implementation of a measure adopted by the Commission that would govern a straddling stock under the authority of a Council, any regulation promulgated by the Secretary to implement such measure within the exclusive economic zone of the United States shall be approved by such Council. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Regulations promulgated under subsection (a) shall be applicable only to a person or a fishing ves-sel that is or has engaged in fishing activi-ties, or fisheries resources covered by the North Pacific Fisheries Convention under this subtitle. (c) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may conduct, and may request and utilize on a reimbursed or non-reimbursed basis the as-sistance, services, personnel, equipment, and facilities of other Federal departments and agencies in— (1) scientific, research, and other programs under this subtitle; (2) fishing operations and biological experi-ments for purposes of scientific investigation or other purposes necessary to implement the North Pacific Fisheries Convention; (3) the collection, utilization, and disclo-sure of such information as may be nec-essary to implement the North Pacific Fish-eries Convention, subject to sections 552 and 552a of title 5, United States Code, and sec-tion 402(b) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1881a(b)); (4) if recommended by the Commissioners, the assessment and collection of fees, not to exceed 3 percent of the ex-vessel value of fisheries resource harvested by vessels of the United States in fisheries conducted in the Convention Area, to recover the actual costs to the United States of management and en-forcement under this subtitle, which shall be deposited as an offsetting collection in, and credited to, the account providing appropria-tions to carry out the functions of the Sec-retary under this subtitle; and (5) the issuance of permits to owners and operators of United States vessels to engage in fishing activities in the Convention Area seaward of the exclusive economic zone of the United States, under such terms and con-ditions as the Secretary may prescribe, in-cluding the period of time that a permit is valid. (d) C
ONSISTENCY WITHOTHER LAWS.—The Secretary shall ensure the consistency, to the extent practicable, of fishery manage-ment programs administered under this sub-title, the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 (16 U.S.C. 951 et seq.), the South Pacific Tuna Act of 1988 (16 U.S.C. 973 et seq.), sec-tion 401 of Public Law 108–219 (16 U.S.C. 1821 note) (relating to Pacific albacore tuna), the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Con-vention Implementation Act (16 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration Authorization Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–567) and the amend-ments made by that Act, and Public Law 100– 629 (102 Stat. 3286). (e) JUDICIAL REVIEW OF REGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Regulations promulgated by the Secretary under this subtitle shall be subject to judicial review to the extent au-thorized by, and in accordance with, chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, if a petition for such review is filed not later than 30 days after the date on which the regulations are promulgated. (2) R
ESPONSES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall file a response to any petition filed in ac-cordance with paragraph (1), not later than 30 days after the date the Secretary is served with that petition, except that the appro-priate court may extend the period for filing such a response upon a showing by the Sec-retary of good cause for that extension. (3) C
OPIES OF ADMINISTRATIVE RECORD .—A response of the Secretary under paragraph (2) shall include a copy of the administrative record for the regulations that are the sub-ject of the petition. (4) E
XPEDITED HEARINGS .—Upon a motion by the person who files a petition under this subsection, the appropriate court shall as-sign the matter for hearing at the earliest possible date. 
SEC. 106. ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary and the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating— (1) shall administer and enforce this sub-title and any regulations issued under this subtitle; and (2) may request and utilize on a reimbursed or non-reimbursed basis the assistance, serv-ices, personnel, equipment, and facilities of other Federal departments and agencies in the administration and enforcement of this subtitle. (b) S
ECRETARIAL ACTIONS .—Except as pro-vided under subsection (c), the Secretary and the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall prevent any person from violating this subtitle in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and du-ties as though sections 308 through 311 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1858, 1859, 1860, 1861) were incorporated into and made a part of this subtitle. Any person that violates any provision of this subtitle is subject to the penalties and entitled to the privileges and immunities provided in the Magnuson-Ste-vens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) in the same man-ner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, power, and duties as though sec-tions 308 through 311 of that Act (16 U.S.C. 1858, 1859, 1860, and 1861) were incorporated into and made a part of this subtitle. (c) J
URISDICTION OF THE COURTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the district courts of the United States shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any case or controversy arising under the provisions of this subtitle, and any such court may at any time— (A) enter restraining orders or prohibi-tions; (B) issue warrants, process in rem, or other process; (C) prescribe and accept satisfactory bonds or other security; and (D) take such other actions as are in the interest of justice. (2) H
AWAII AND PACIFIC INSULAR AREAS .—In the case of Hawaii or any possession of the United States in the Pacific Ocean, the ap-propriate court is the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii, except that— (A) in the case of Guam and Wake Island, the appropriate court is the United States District Court for the District of Guam; and (B) in the case of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, the appropriate court is the United States District Court for the District of the Northern Mariana Islands. (3) CONSTRUCTION .—Each violation shall be a separate offense and the offense shall be deemed to have been committed not only in the district where the violation first oc-curred, but also in any other district author-ized by law. Any offense not committed in any district is subject to the venue provi-sions of section 3238 of title 18, United States Code. (d) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any information sub-mitted in compliance with a requirement under this subtitle to the Secretary or to im-plement the Convention, including informa-tion submitted on or before the date of en-actment of the Ensuring Access to Fisheries Act, shall be confidential and may not be disclosed, except— (A) to a Federal employee who is respon-sible for administering, implementing, or en-forcing this subtitle; (B) to the Commission, in accordance with requirements in the North Pacific Fisheries Convention and decisions of the Commission, and, insofar as possible, in accordance with an agreement with the Commission that pre-vents public disclosure of the identity or business of any person; (C) to State, Council, or Marine Fisheries Commission employees pursuant to an agree-ment with the Secretary that prevents pub-lic disclosure of the identity or business of any person; (D) when required by court order; or (E) when the Secretary has obtained writ-ten authorization from the person submit-ting such information to release such infor-mation to another person for a reason not otherwise provided for in this paragraph, and such release does not violate other require-ments of this subtitle. (2) U
SE OF INFORMATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall pro-mulgate regulations regarding the proce-dures the Secretary considers necessary to preserve the confidentiality of information submitted under this subtitle. (B) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may release or make public information submitted under this subtitle if the information is in any ag-gregate or summary form that does not di-rectly or indirectly disclose the identity or business of any person. (3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be interpreted or construed to prevent the use for conservation and man-agement purposes by the Secretary of any information submitted under this subtitle. 
SEC. 107. PROHIBITED ACTS. 
It is unlawful for any person— (1) to violate any provision of this subtitle or any regulation or permit issued pursuant to this subtitle; (2) to use any fishing vessel to engage in fishing activities without, or after the rev-ocation or during the period of suspension of, an applicable permit issued pursuant to this subtitle; (3) to refuse to permit any officer author-ized to enforce the provisions of this subtitle to board a fishing vessel subject to such per-son’s control for the purposes of conducting any search, investigation, or inspection in connection with the enforcement of this sub-title or any regulation, permit, or the North Pacific Fisheries Convention; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.039 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2905 May 17, 2016 
(4) to assault, resist, oppose, impede, in-timidate, or interfere with any such author-ized officer in the conduct of any search, in-vestigation, or inspection in connection with the enforcement of this subtitle or any regu-lation, permit, or the North Pacific Fisheries Convention; (5) to resist a lawful arrest for any act pro-hibited by this subtitle or any regulation promulgated or permit issued under this sub-title; (6) to ship, transport, offer for sale, sell, purchase, import, export, or have custody, control, or possession of, any fisheries re-sources if the person knew or should have known in the exercise of due care that the fisheries resources were taken or retained in violation of this subtitle or any regulation or permit referred to in paragraph (1) or paragraph (2); (7) to interfere with, delay, or prevent, by any means, the apprehension or arrest of an-other person, knowing that such other per-son has committed any act prohibited by this section; (8) to submit to the Secretary false infor-mation (including false information regard-ing the capacity and extent to which a United States fish processor, on an annual basis, will process a portion of the optimum yield of a fishery that will be harvested by fishing vessels of the United States) regard-ing any matter that the Secretary is consid-ering in the course of carrying out this sub-title if the person knew or should have known in the exercise of due care that the information was false; (9) to assault, resist, oppose, impede, in-timidate, sexually harass, bribe, or interfere with any observer on a vessel under this sub-title, or any data collector employed by or under contract to any person to carry out re-sponsibilities under this subtitle; (10) to engage in fishing activities in viola-tion of any regulation adopted pursuant to this subtitle; (11) to fail to make, keep, or furnish any catch returns, statistical records, or other reports required by regulations adopted pur-suant to this subtitle to be made, kept, or furnished; (12) to fail to stop a vessel upon being hailed and instructed to stop by a duly au-thorized official of the United States; (13) to import, in violation of any regula-tion adopted pursuant to this subtitle, any fisheries resources in any form of those spe-cies subject to regulation pursuant to a rec-ommendation, resolution, or decision of the Commission, or any fisheries resources in any form not under regulation but under in-vestigation by the Commission, during the period such fisheries resources have been de-nied entry in accordance with the provisions of this subtitle; (14) to make or submit any false record, ac-count, or label for, or any false identification of, any fisheries resources which have been, or are intended to be imported, exported, transported, sold, offered for sale, purchased, or received in interstate or foreign com-merce; or (15) to refuse to authorize and accept boarding by a duly authorized inspector pur-suant to procedures adopted by the Commis-sion for the boarding and inspection of fish-ing vessels in the Convention Area. 
SEC. 108. COOPERATION IN CARRYING OUT CON-VENTION. 
(a) F EDERAL AND STATE AGENCIES ; PRIVATE  I
NSTITUTIONS AND ORGANIZATIONS .—The Sec- retary may cooperate with departments and agencies of the United States Government, any public or private institutions or organi-zations within the United States or abroad, and, through the Secretary of State, the duly authorized officials of the government of any party to the North Pacific Fisheries Convention, in carrying out responsibilities under this subtitle. (b) SCIENTIFIC AND OTHER PROGRAMS ; FA-
CILITIES AND PERSONNEL .—Each Federal de-partment and agency is authorized, upon the request of the Secretary, to cooperate in the conduct of scientific and other programs and to furnish facilities and personnel for the purpose of assisting the Commission in car-rying out its duties under the North Pacific Fisheries Convention. (c) S
ANCTIONED FISHING OPERATIONS AND  B
IOLOGICAL EXPERIMENTS .—Nothing in this subtitle, or in the laws of any State, pre-vents the Secretary or the Commission from— (1) conducting or authorizing the conduct of fishing operations and biological experi-ments at any time for purposes of scientific investigation; or (2) discharging any other duties prescribed by the North Pacific Fisheries Convention. (d) S
TATE JURISDICTION NOTAFFECTED .— Nothing in this subtitle shall be construed to diminish or to increase the jurisdiction of any State in the territorial sea of the United States. 
SEC. 109. TERRITORIAL PARTICIPATION. 
The Secretary of State shall ensure par-ticipation in the Commission and its sub-sidiary bodies by the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands to the same extent provided to the territories of other nations. 
SEC. 110. EXCLUSIVE ECONOMIC ZONE NOTIFICA-TION. 
Masters of commercial fishing vessels of countries fishing under the management au-thority of the North Pacific Fisheries Con-vention that do not carry vessel monitoring systems capable of communicating with United States enforcement authorities shall, prior to or as soon as reasonably possible after, entering and transiting the exclusive economic zone bounded by the Convention Area— (1) notify the United States Coast Guard of the name, flag state, location, route, and destination of the vessel and of the cir-cumstances under which it will enter United States waters; (2) ensure that all fishing gear on board the vessel is stowed below deck or otherwise re-moved from the place it is normally used for fishing activities and placed where it is not readily available for fishing activities; and (3) if requested by an enforcement officer, proceed to a specified location so that a ves-sel inspection can be conducted. 
SEC. 111. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated out of funds made available to the Secretary and the Secretary of State $500,000 for each of fis-cal years 2017 through 2021 to carry out this subtitle and to pay the United States con-tribution to the Commission under Article 12 of the North Pacific Fisheries Convention. Subtitle B—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 121. FUNDING FOR TRAVEL EXPENSES. 
(a) N ORTH PACIFIC BERING SEAFISHERIES  A
DVISORY BODY.—Section 5 of the Act enti-tled ‘‘An Act to approve the governing inter-national fishery agreement between the United States and the Union of Soviet So-cialist Republics, and for other purposes’’, approved November 7, 1988 (Public Law 100– 629; 16 U.S.C. 1823 note), is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(e) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall pay the necessary travel expenses of the members of the advisory body estab-lished pursuant to this section in carrying out their service as such members in accord-ance with the Federal Travel Regulations and sections 5701, 5702, 5704 through 5708, and 5731 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) REIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary of Commerce may reimburse the Secretary of State for amounts expended by the Secretary of State under this subsection.’’. (b) N
ORTH PACIFIC ANADROMOUS FISHCOM-
MISSION .— (1) U
NITED STATES COMMISSIONERS .—Section 804 of the North Pacific Anadromous Stocks Act of 1992 (16 U.S.C. 5003) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(e) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pay the necessary travel expenses of the United States Commissioners and Alternate United States Commissioners in carrying out the duties of the Commission in accordance with the Federal Travel Regulations and sections 5701, 5702, 5704 through 5708, and 5731 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary of Commerce may reimburse the Secretary for amounts expended by the Secretary under this subparagraph.’’. (2) A
DVISORY PANEL .—Section 805 of the North Pacific Anadromous Stocks Act of 1992 (16 U.S.C. 5004) is amended by striking sub-section (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(e) C
OMPENSATION .—The members of the Advisory Panel shall receive no compensa-tion for their service as such members. ‘‘(f) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pay the necessary travel expenses of the mem-bers of the Advisory Panel in carrying out their service as such members in accordance with the Federal Travel Regulations and sec-tions 5701, 5702, 5704 through 5708, and 5731 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary of Commerce may reimburse the Secretary for amounts expended by the Secretary under this subparagraph.’’. 
SEC. 122. NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PRO-GRAM REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 1998. 
Section 10 of the National Sea Grant Col-lege Program Reauthorization Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 1541) is amended by striking ‘‘the United States Coast Guard’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘another Federal agen-cy’’. TITLE II—SOUTH PACIFIC FISHERIES CONVENTION IMPLEMENTATION ACT 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘South Pa-cific Fisheries Convention Implementation Act’’. 
SEC. 202. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘Advi-sory Committee’’ means the advisory com-mittee established under section 203. (2) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the South Pacific Fisheries Commis-sion established under the South Pacific Fisheries Convention. (3) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ means a United States Commissioner appointed under section 203. (4) C
ONVENTION AREA .—The term ‘‘Conven-tion Area’’ means— (A) the waters of the Pacific Ocean beyond areas of national jurisdiction and in accord-ance with international law, bounded by the 10° parallel of north latitude and the 20 ° par- allel of south latitude and by the 135 ° merid- ian of east longitude and the 150 ° meridian of west longitude; and (B) the waters of the Pacific Ocean beyond areas of national jurisdiction and in accord-ance with international law— (i) east of a line extending south along the 120° meridian of east longitude from the outer limit of the national jurisdiction of Australia off the south coast of Western Aus-tralia to the intersection with the 55 ° par- allel of south latitude; then due east along 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.039 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2906 May 17, 2016 
the 55° parallel of south latitude to the inter-section with the 150° meridian of east lon-gitude; then due south along the 150 ° merid- ian of east longitude to the intersection with the 60° parallel of south latitude; (ii) north of a line extending east along the 60° parallel of south latitude from the 150 ° meridian of east longitude to the intersec-tion with the 67° 16′ meridian of west lon-gitude; (iii) west of a line extending north along the 67° 16′ meridian of west longitude from the 60° parallel of south latitude to its inter-section with the outer limit of the national jurisdiction of Chile; then along the outer limits of the national jurisdictions of Chile, Peru, Ecuador and Colombia to the intersec-tion with the 2° parallel of north latitude; and (iv) south of a line extending west along the 2° parallel of north latitude (but not in-cluding the national jurisdiction of Ecuador (Galapagos Islands)) to the intersection with the 150° meridian of west longitude; then due north along the 150° meridian of west lon-gitude to its intersection with 10 ° parallel of north latitude; then west along the 10 ° par- allel of north latitude to its intersection with the outer limits of the national juris-diction of the Marshall Islands; and then generally south and around the outer limits of the national jurisdictions of Pacific States and territories, New Zealand and Aus-tralia until it connects to the commence-ment of the line described in clause (i). (5) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means the Western Pacific Regional Fishery Man-agement Council. (6) E
XCLUSIVE ECONOMIC ZONE OF THE UNITED  
STATES .—The term ‘‘exclusive economic zone of the United States’’ means the zone estab-lished by Presidential Proclamation Num-bered 5030 of March 10, 1983 (16 U.S.C. 1453 note), the inner boundary of which, for pur-poses of this title, is a line coterminous with the seaward boundary of each of the coastal States. (7) F
ISHERY RESOURCES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘fishery re-sources’’ means all fish within the Conven-tion Area. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘fishery re-sources’’ includes mollusks, crustaceans, and other living marine resources, including any products thereof, as may be decided by the Commission. (C) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘fishery re-sources’’ does not include— (i) sedentary species in so far as they are subject to the national jurisdiction of coast-al States pursuant to Article 77 paragraph 4 of the 1982 Convention; (ii) highly migratory species listed in Annex I of the 1982 Convention; (iii) anadromous species; (iv) catadromous species; (v) marine mammals; (vi) marine reptiles; or (vii) sea birds. (8) F
ISHING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘fishing’’ means— (i) the actual or attempted searching for, catching, taking, or harvesting of fishery re-sources; (ii) engaging in any activity that can rea-sonably be expected to result in the locating, catching, taking, or harvesting of fishery re-sources for any purpose; (iii) transshipment and any operation at sea in direct support of, or in preparation for, any activity described in this subpara-graph; or (iv) the use of any vessel, vehicle, aircraft, or hovercraft, in relation to any activity de-scribed in clauses (i) through (iii). (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘fishing’’ does not include any operation related to an emergency involving the health or safety of a crew member or the safety of a fishing ves-sel. (9) FISHING VESSEL .—The term ‘‘fishing vessel’’ means any vessel used or intended for use for the purpose of fishing, including a support ship, a carrier vessel, or any other vessel directly involved in such fishing oper-ations. (10) P
ANEL .—The term ‘‘Panel’’ means the Council’s Advisory Panel. (11) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means— (A) any individual, whether or not a citizen or national of the United States; (B) any corporation, partnership, associa-tion, or other entity, whether or not orga-nized or existing under the laws of any State; or (C) any Federal, State, local, tribal, or for-eign government, or any entity of such gov-ernment. (12) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (13) S
OUTH PACIFIC FISHERIES CONVENTION .— The term ‘‘South Pacific Fisheries Conven-tion’’ means the Convention on the Con-servation and Management of the High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean (including any annexes, amendments, or protocols that are in force, or have come into force, for the United States), which was adopted at Auckland on November 14, 2009. (14) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, American Samoa, Guam, and any other commonwealth, terri-tory, or possession of the United States. (15) S
TRADDLING STOCK .—The term ‘‘strad-dling stock’’ means a stock of fishery re-sources which migrates between, or occurs in, the exclusive economic zone of 1 or more parties to the South Pacific Fisheries Con-vention and the Convention Area. (16) T
RANSSHIPMENT .—The term ‘‘trans-shipment’’ means the unloading of all or any of the fishery resources or fishery resources products derived from fishing in the Conven-tion Area on board a fishing vessel to an-other fishing vessel either at sea or in port. (17) 1982 
CONVENTION .—The term ‘‘1982 Con-vention’’ means the United Nations Conven-tion on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982. 
SEC. 203. APPOINTMENT OF UNITED STATES COMMISSIONERS. 
(a) A PPOINTMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The United States shall be represented on the Commission by not more than 3 Commissioners. In making each ap-pointment, the President shall select a Com-missioner from among individuals who are knowledgeable or experienced concerning fishery resources in the South Pacific Ocean. (2) R
EPRESENTATION .—At least 1 of the Commissioners shall be— (A) serving at the pleasure of the Presi-dent, an officer or employee of— (i) the Department of Commerce; (ii) the Department of State; or (iii) the United States Coast Guard; and (B) the chairperson or designee of the Council. (b) A
LTERNATE COMMISSIONERS .—The Sec- retary of State, in consultation with the Secretary, may designate from time to time and for periods of time considered appro-priate an alternate Commissioner to the Commission. An alternate Commissioner may exercise all powers and duties of a Com-missioner in the absence of a Commissioner appointed under subsection (a). (c) A
DMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .— (1) E
MPLOYMENT STATUS .—An individual serving as a Commissioner, or as an alter-nate Commissioner, other than an officer or employee of the United States Government, shall not be considered a Federal employee, except for the purposes of injury compensa-tion or tort claims liability as provided in chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. (2) COMPENSATION .—An individual serving as a Commissioner or an alternate Commis-sioner, although an officer of the United States while so serving, shall receive no compensation for the individual’s services as such Commissioner or alternate Commis-sioner. (3) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall pay the necessary travel expenses of a Commissioner or an alternate Commissioner in accordance with the Federal Travel Regu-lations and sections 5701, 5702, 5704 through 5708, and 5731 of title 5, United States Code. (B) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary may reimburse the Secretary of State for amounts expended by the Secretary of State under this paragraph. (d) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF PERMANENT ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE .— (A) M
EMBERSHIP .—There is established an advisory committee which shall be composed of 7 members appointed by the Secretary as follows: (i) A member engaging in commercial fish-ing in the management area of the Council. (ii) 2 members from the indigenous popu-lation of the Pacific, including a Native Ha-waiian and a native-born inhabitant of any State in the Pacific. (iii) A member that is a marine fisheries scientist and a member of the Council’s Sci-entific and Statistical Committee. (iv) A member representing a non-govern-mental organization active in fishery issues in the Pacific. (v) A member nominated by the Governor of the State of Hawaii. (vi) A member designated by the Council. (B) T
ERMS AND PRIVILEGES .—Each member of the Advisory Committee shall serve for a term of 2 years and shall be eligible for re-appointment for not more than 3 consecutive terms. The Commissioners shall notify the Advisory Committee in advance of each meeting of the Commissioners. The Advisory Committee may attend each meeting and may examine and be heard on all proposed programs, investigations, reports, rec-ommendations, and regulations of the Com-missioners. (C) P
ROCEDURES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee shall determine its organization and pre-scribe its practices and procedures for car-rying out its functions under this title, the South Pacific Fisheries Convention, and the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). (ii) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF PROCEDURES .— The Advisory Committee shall publish and make available to the public a statement of its organization, practices, and procedures. (iii) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of the Advisory Committee shall constitute a quorum to conduct business. (iv) P
UBLIC MEETINGS .—Meetings of the Ad-visory Committee, except when in executive session, shall be open to the public. Prior no-tice of each non-executive meeting shall be made public in a timely fashion. The Advi-sory Committee shall not be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (D) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary and the Secretary of State shall fur-nish the Advisory Committee with relevant information concerning fishery resources and international fishery agreements. (2) A
DMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .— (A) S
UPPORT SERVICES .—The Secretary shall provide to the Advisory Committee in a timely manner such administrative and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.039 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2907 May 17, 2016 
technical support services as are necessary to function effectively. (B) C
OMPENSATION ; STATUS ; EXPENSES .—An individual appointed to serve as a member of the Advisory Committee— (i) shall serve without pay; and (ii) shall not be considered a Federal em-ployee, except for the purposes of injury compensation or tort claims liability as pro-vided in chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. (e) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—For fishery resources in the Convention Area, the Secretary, in coordination with the Sec-retary of State, shall develop a memorandum of understanding with the Council that clari-fies the role of the Council with respect to— (1) participation in United States delega-tions to international fishery organizations in the Pacific Ocean, including government- to-government consultations; (2) providing formal recommendations to the Secretary and the Secretary of State re-garding necessary measures for both domes-tic and foreign fishing vessels; (3) coordinating positions with the United States delegation for presentation to the ap-propriate international fishery organization; and (4) recommending those domestic fishing regulations that are consistent with the ac-tions of the international fishery organiza-tion, for approval and implementation under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
SEC. 204. AUTHORITY AND RESPONSIBILITY OF THE SECRETARY OF STATE. 
The Secretary of State may— (1) receive and transmit, on behalf of the United States, reports, requests, rec-ommendations, proposals, decisions, and other communications of and to the Commis-sion; (2) in consultation with the Secretary, act upon, or refer to other appropriate author-ity, any communication under paragraph (1); (3) with the concurrence of the Secretary, and in accordance with the provisions of the Convention, object to any decision of the Commission; and (4) in the conduct of any program, includ-ing scientific and research programs, under this title, request and utilize on a reim-bursed or non-reimbursed basis the assist-ance, services, personnel, equipment, and fa-cilities of other Federal departments and agencies, foreign governments, foreign agen-cies, or international intergovernmental or-ganizations. 
SEC. 205. AUTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF COMMERCE. 
(a) P ROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State and, with respect to enforcement measures, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, is authorized to promulgate such regulations as may be nec-essary to carry out United States inter-national obligations under the South Pacific Fisheries Convention and this title, includ-ing recommendations and decisions adopted by the Commission. (2) R
EGULATIONS OF STRADDLING STOCKS .—If the Secretary has discretion in the imple-mentation of 1 or more measures adopted by the Commission that would govern a strad-dling stock under the authority of the Coun-cil, the Secretary shall promulgate, to the extent practicable within the implementa-tion schedule of the South Pacific Fisheries Convention and any recommendations and decisions adopted by the Commission, such regulations in accordance with the proce-dures established by the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Regulations promulgated under subsection (a) shall be applicable only to a person or a fishing ves-sel that is or has engaged in fishing, or fish-ery resources covered by the South Pacific Fisheries Convention under this title. (c) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may conduct, and may request and utilize on a reimbursed or non-reimbursed basis the as-sistance, services, personnel, equipment, and facilities of other Federal departments and agencies in— (1) scientific, research, and other programs under this title; (2) fishing operations and biological experi-ments for purposes of scientific investigation or other purposes necessary to implement the South Pacific Fisheries Convention; (3) the collection, utilization, and disclo-sure of such information as may be nec-essary to implement the South Pacific Fish-eries Convention, subject to sections 552 and 552a of title 5, United States Code, and sec-tion 402(b) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1881a(b)); (4) if recommended by the Commissioners, the assessment and collection of fees, not to exceed 3 percent of the ex-vessel value of fishery resources harvested by vessels of the United States in fisheries conducted in the Convention Area, to recover the actual costs to the United States of management and en-forcement under this title, which shall be de-posited as an offsetting collection in, and credited to, the account providing appropria-tions to carry out the functions of the Sec-retary under this title; and (5) the issuance of permits to owners and operators of United States vessels to engage in fishing in the Convention Area seaward of the exclusive economic zone of the United States, under such terms and conditions as the Secretary may prescribe, including the period of time that a permit is valid. (d) C
ONSISTENCY WITHOTHER LAWS.—The Secretary shall ensure the consistency, to the extent practicable, of fishery manage-ment programs administered under this title, the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 (16 U.S.C. 951 et seq.), the South Pacific Tuna Act of 1988 (16 U.S.C. 973 et seq.), sec-tion 401 of Public Law 108–219 (16 U.S.C. 1821 note) (relating to Pacific albacore tuna), the Atlantic Tunas Convention Act of 1975 (16 U.S.C. 971 et seq.), and the Western and Cen-tral Pacific Fisheries Convention Implemen-tation Act (16 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.). (e) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF REGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Regulations promulgated by the Secretary under this title shall be subject to judicial review to the extent au-thorized by, and in accordance with, chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, if a petition for such review is filed not later than 30 days after the date on which the regulations are promulgated. (2) R
ESPONSES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall file a response to any petition filed in ac-cordance with paragraph (1), not later than 30 days after the date the Secretary is served with that petition, except that the appro-priate court may extend the period for filing such a response upon a showing by the Sec-retary of good cause for that extension. (3) C
OPIES OF ADMINISTRATIVE RECORD .—A response of the Secretary under paragraph (2) shall include a copy of the administrative record for the regulations that are the sub-ject of the petition. (4) E
XPEDITED HEARINGS .—Upon a motion by the person who files a petition under this subsection, the appropriate court shall as-sign the matter for hearing at the earliest possible date. SEC. 206. ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary and the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating— (1) shall administer and enforce this title and any regulations issued under this title; and (2) may request and utilize on a reimbursed or non-reimbursed basis the assistance, serv-ices, personnel, equipment, and facilities of other Federal departments and agencies in the administration and enforcement of this title. (b) S
ECRETARIAL ACTIONS .—Except as pro-vided under subsection (c), the Secretary and the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall prevent any person from violating this title in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and duties as though sections 308 through 311 of the Mag-nuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1858, 1859, 1860, 1861) were incorporated into and made a part of this title. Any person that violates any provision of this title is subject to the pen-alties and entitled to the privileges and im-munities provided in the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same juris-diction, power, and duties as though sections 308 through 311 of that Act (16 U.S.C. 1858, 1859, 1860, 1861) were incorporated into and made a part of this title. (c) J
URISDICTION OF THE COURTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the district courts of the United States shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any case or controversy arising under the provisions of this title, and any such court may at any time— (A) enter restraining orders or prohibi-tions; (B) issue warrants, process in rem, or other process; (C) prescribe and accept satisfactory bonds or other security; and (D) take such other actions as are in the interest of justice. (2) H
AWAII AND PACIFIC INSULAR AREAS .—In the case of Hawaii or any other State in the Pacific Ocean, the appropriate court is the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii, except that— (A) in the case of Guam and Wake Island, the appropriate court is the United States District Court for the District of Guam; and (B) in the case of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, the appropriate court is the United States District Court for the District of the Northern Mariana Islands. (3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Each violation shall be a separate offense and the offense shall be deemed to have been committed not only in the district where the violation first oc-curred, but also in any other district author-ized by law. Any offense not committed in any district is subject to the venue provi-sions of section 3238 of title 18, United States Code. (d) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any information sub-mitted in compliance with a requirement under this title to the Secretary or to imple-ment the Convention, including information submitted on or before the date of enactment of the Ensuring Access to Fisheries Act, shall be confidential and may not be dis-closed, except— (A) to a Federal employee who is respon-sible for administering, implementing, or en-forcing this title; (B) to the Commission, in accordance with requirements in the South Pacific Fisheries Convention and decisions of the Commission, and, insofar as possible, in accordance with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.039 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2908 May 17, 2016 
an agreement with the Commission that pre-vents public disclosure of the identity or business of any person; (C) to a State or Council employee pursu-ant to an agreement with the Secretary that prevents public disclosure of the identity or business of any person; (D) when required by court order; or (E) when the Secretary has obtained writ-ten authorization from the person submit-ting such information to release such infor-mation to another person for a reason not otherwise provided for in this paragraph, and such release does not violate other require-ments of this title. (2) U
SE OF INFORMATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall pro-mulgate regulations regarding the proce-dures the Secretary considers necessary to preserve the confidentiality of information under this title. (B) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may release or make public information submitted under this title if the information is in any aggre-gate or summary form that does not directly or indirectly disclose the identity or busi-ness of any person. (3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be interpreted or construed to prevent the use for conservation and man-agement purposes by the Secretary of any information submitted under this title. 
SEC. 207. PROHIBITED ACTS. 
It is unlawful for any person— (1) to violate any provision of this title or any regulation or permit issued under this title; (2) to use any fishing vessel to engage in fishing without, or after the revocation or during the period of suspension of, an appli-cable permit issued under this title; (3) to refuse to permit any officer author-ized to enforce the provisions of this title to board a fishing vessel subject to such per-son’s control for the purposes of conducting any search, investigation, or inspection in connection with the enforcement of this title or the South Pacific Fisheries Convention; (4) to assault, resist, oppose, impede, in-timidate, or interfere with any such author-ized officer in the conduct of any search, in-vestigation, or inspection in connection with the enforcement of this title or the South Pacific Fisheries Convention; (5) to resist a lawful arrest for any act pro-hibited by this title or any regulation pro-mulgated or permit issued under this title; (6) to ship, transport, offer for sale, sell, purchase, import, export, or have custody, control, or possession of any fisheries re-sources if the person knew or should have known in the exercise of due care that the fisheries resources were taken or retained in violation of this title or any regulation or permit referred to in paragraph (1) or para-graph (2); (7) to interfere with, delay, or prevent, by any means, the apprehension or arrest of an-other person, knowing that such other per-son has committed any act prohibited by this section; (8) to submit to the Secretary false infor-mation (including false information regard-ing the capacity and extent to which a United States fish processor, on an annual basis, will process a portion of the optimum yield of a fishery that will be harvested by fishing vessels of the United States) regard-ing any matter that the Secretary is consid-ering in the course of carrying out this title if the person knew or should have known in the exercise of due care that the information was false; (9) to assault, resist, oppose, impede, in-timidate, sexually harass, bribe, or interfere with any observer on a vessel under this title, or any data collector employed by or under contract to any person to carry out re-sponsibilities under this title; (10) to engage in fishing in violation of any regulation adopted under this title; (11) to fail to make, keep, or furnish any catch returns, statistical records, or other reports required to be made, kept, or fur-nished under this title; (12) to fail to stop a vessel upon being hailed and instructed to stop by a duly au-thorized official of the United States; (13) to import, in violation of any regula-tion promulgated under this title, any fish-ery resources in any form of those species subject to regulation pursuant to a rec-ommendation, resolution, or decision of the Commission, or any fishery resources in any form not under regulation but under inves-tigation by the Commission, during the pe-riod the fishery resources have been denied entry in accordance with the provisions of this title; (14) to make or submit any false record, ac-count, or label for, or any false identification of, any fishery resources which have been, or are intended to be imported, exported, trans-ported, sold, offered for sale, purchased, or received in interstate or foreign commerce; or (15) to refuse to authorize and accept boarding by a duly authorized inspector pur-suant to procedures adopted by the Commis-sion for the boarding and inspection of fish-ing vessels in the Convention Area. 
SEC. 208. COOPERATION IN CARRYING OUT CON-VENTION. 
(a) F EDERAL AND STATE AGENCIES ; PRIVATE  I
NSTITUTIONS AND ORGANIZATIONS .—The Sec- retary may cooperate with departments and agencies of the United States Government, any public or private institutions or organi-zations within the United States or abroad, and, through the Secretary of State, the duly authorized officials of the government of any party to the South Pacific Fisheries Convention, in carrying out responsibilities under this title. (b) S
CIENTIFIC AND OTHER PROGRAMS ; FA-
CILITIES AND PERSONNEL .—Each Federal de-partment and agency is authorized, upon the request of the Secretary, to cooperate in the conduct of scientific and other programs and to furnish facilities and personnel for the purpose of assisting the Commission in car-rying out its duties under the South Pacific Fisheries Convention. (c) S
ANCTIONED FISHING OPERATIONS AND  B
IOLOGICAL EXPERIMENTS .—Nothing in this title, or in the laws of any State, prevents the Secretary or the Commission from— (1) conducting or authorizing the conduct of fishing operations and biological experi-ments at any time for purposes of scientific investigation; or (2) discharging any other duties prescribed by the South Pacific Fisheries Convention. (d) S
TATE JURISDICTION NOTAFFECTED .— Nothing in this title shall be construed to di-minish or to increase the jurisdiction of any State in the territorial sea of the United States. 
SEC. 209. TERRITORIAL PARTICIPATION. 
The Secretary of State shall ensure par-ticipation in the Commission and its sub-sidiary bodies by American Samoa, Guam, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mar-iana Islands to the same extent provided to the territories of other nations. 
SEC. 210. EXCLUSIVE ECONOMIC ZONE NOTIFICA-TION. 
Masters of commercial fishing vessels of nations fishing under the management au-thority of the South Pacific Fisheries Con-vention that do not carry vessel monitoring systems capable of communicating with United States enforcement authorities shall, prior to, or as soon as reasonably possible after, entering and transiting the exclusive economic zone of the United States seaward of the Convention Area— (1) notify the United States Coast Guard of the name, flag state, location, route, and destination of the vessel and of the cir-cumstances under which it will enter the ex-clusive economic zone of the United States seaward of the Convention Area; (2) ensure that all fishing gear on board the vessel is stowed below deck or otherwise re-moved from the place it is normally used for fishing and placed where it is not readily available for fishing; and (3) if requested by an enforcement officer, proceed to a specified location so that a ves-sel inspection can be conducted. SEC. 211. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated out of funds made available to the Secretary and the Secretary of State $500,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 to carry out this title and to pay the United States contribution to the Commis-sion under Article 15 of the South Pacific Fisheries Convention. (b) I
NTERNATIONAL COOPERATION AND AS-
SISTANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the limits of available appropriations and consistent with applicable law, the Secretary or the Sec-retary of State shall provide appropriate as-sistance, including grants, to developing na-tions and international organizations of which such nations are members to assist those nations in meeting their obligations under the South Pacific Fisheries Conven-tion. (2) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—Subject to the limits of available appropriations and con-sistent with other applicable law, the Sec-retary and the Secretary of State are au-thorized to transfer funds to any foreign gov-ernment, international, non-governmental, or international organization, including the Commission, for purposes of carrying out the international responsibilities under para-graph (1). TITLE III—NORTHWEST ATLANTIC FISH-ERIES CONVENTION AMENDMENTS ACT 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES TO THE NORTHWEST ATLANTIC FISHERIES CONVENTION ACT OF 1995. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This title may be cited as the ‘‘Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Con-vention Amendments Act’’. (b) R
EFERENCES TO THE NORTHWEST ATLAN -
TICFISHERIES CONVENTION ACT OF 1995.—Ex- cept as otherwise expressly provided, when-ever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Convention Act of 1995 (16 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.). 
SEC. 302. REPRESENTATION OF THE UNITED STATES UNDER CONVENTION. 
Section 202 (16 U.S.C. 5601) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘Gen-eral Council and the Fisheries’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘at a meeting of the General Council or the Fish-eries Commission’’; (3) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘, at any meeting of the General Council or the Fisheries Commission for which the Alter-nate Commissioner is designated’’; (4) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘at a meeting of the Scientific Council’’; (5) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘, at any meeting of the Scientific Council for which the Alternative Representative is des-ignated’’; and (6) in subsection (f)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘Magnuson Act’’ and inserting ‘‘Magnuson- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.039 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2909 May 17, 2016 
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act’’. 
SEC. 303. REQUESTS FOR SCIENTIFIC ADVICE. 
Section 203 (16 U.S.C. 5602) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Representatives may’’ and inserting ‘‘A Representative may’’; (B) by striking ‘‘described in subsection (b)(1) or (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘described in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b)’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘the Representatives have’’ and inserting ‘‘the Representative has’’; (2) by striking ‘‘VII(1)’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘VII(10)(b)’’; and (3) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘VIII(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘VII(11)’’. 
SEC. 304. AUTHORITIES OF SECRETARY OF STATE WITH RESPECT TO CONVENTION. 
Section 204 (16 U.S.C. 5603) is amended by striking ‘‘Fisheries Commission’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Commission con-sistent with the procedures detailed in Arti-cles XIV and XV of the Convention’’. 
SEC. 305. INTERAGENCY COOPERATION. 
Section 205(a) (16 U.S.C. 5604(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITIES OF THE SECRETARY .—In carrying out the provisions of the Conven-tion and this title, the Secretary may ar-range for cooperation with— ‘‘(1) any department, agency, or instru-mentality of the United States; ‘‘(2) a State; ‘‘(3) a Council; or ‘‘(4) a private institution or an organiza-tion.’’. 
SEC. 306. PROHIBITED ACTS AND PENALTIES. 
Section 207 (16 U.S.C. 5606) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Magnuson Act’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘fish’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘fishery resources’’. 
SEC. 307. CONSULTATIVE COMMITTEE. 
Section 208 (16 U.S.C. 5607) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘two’’ and inserting ‘‘2’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘General Council or the Fisheries’’ each place it ap-pears. 
SEC. 308. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 210 (16 U.S.C. 5609) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 210. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) 1982 
CONVENTION .—The term ‘1982 Con-vention’ means the United Nations Conven-tion on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZED ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .— The term ‘authorized enforcement officer’ means a person authorized to enforce this title, any regulation issued under this title, or any measure that is legally binding on the United States under the Convention. ‘‘(3) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘Commission’ means the body provided for by Articles V, VI, XIII, XIV, and XV of the Convention. ‘‘(4) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘Commis-sioner’ means a United States Commissioner to the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organi-zation appointed under section 202. ‘‘(5) C
ONVENTION .—The term ‘Convention’ means the Convention on Future Multilat-eral Cooperation in the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries, done at Ottawa on October 24, 1978, and as amended on September 28, 2007. ‘‘(6) C
ONVENTION AREA .—The term ‘Conven-tion Area’ means the waters of the North-west Atlantic Ocean north of 35 °00′ N and west of a line extending due north from 35 °00′ N and 42°00′ W to 59°00′ N, thence due west to 44°00′ W, and thence due north to the coast of Greenland, and the waters of the Gulf of St. Lawrence, Davis Strait and Baffin Bay south of 78°10′ N. ‘‘(7) COUNCIL .—The term ‘Council’ means the New England Fishery Management Coun-cil or the Mid-Atlantic Fishery Management Council. ‘‘(8) F
ISHERY RESOURCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘fishery re-sources’ means all fish, mollusks, and crus-taceans, including any products thereof, within the Convention Area. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘fishery re-sources’ does not include— ‘‘(i) sedentary species over which coastal States may exercise sovereign rights con-sistent with Article 77 of the 1982 Conven-tion; or ‘‘(ii) in so far as they are managed under other international treaties, anadromous and catadromous stocks and highly migra-tory species listed in Annex I of the 1982 Con-vention. ‘‘(9) F
ISHING ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘fishing activi-ties’ means harvesting or processing fishery resources, or transhipping of fishery re-sources or products derived from fishery re-sources, or any other activity in preparation for, in support of, or related to the har-vesting of fishery resources. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘fishing activi-ties’ includes— ‘‘(i) the actual or attempted searching for or catching or taking of fishery resources; ‘‘(ii) any activity that can reasonably be expected to result in locating, catching, tak-ing, or harvesting of fishery resources for any purpose; and ‘‘(iii) any operation at sea in support of, or in preparation for, any activity described in this paragraph. ‘‘(C) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘fishing activi-ties’ does not include any operation related to emergencies involving the health and safety of crew members or the safety of a vessel. ‘‘(10) F
ISHING VESSEL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘fishing vessel’ means a vessel that is or has been engaged in fishing activities. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘fishing vessel’ includes a fish processing vessel or a vessel engaged in transshipment or any other activ-ity in preparation for or related to fishing activities, or in experimental or exploratory fishing activities. ‘‘(11) O
RGANIZATION .—The term ‘Organiza-tion’ means the Northwest Atlantic Fish-eries Organization provided for by Article V of the Convention. ‘‘(12) P
ERSON .—The term ‘person’ means any individual (whether or not a citizen or national of the United States), and any cor-poration, partnership, association, or other entity (whether or not organized or existing under the laws of any State). ‘‘(13) R
EPRESENTATIVE .—The term ‘Rep-resentative’ means a United States Rep-resentative to the Northwest Atlantic Fish-eries Scientific Council appointed under sec-tion 202. ‘‘(14) S
CIENTIFIC COUNCIL .—The term ‘Sci-entific Council’ means the Scientific Council provided for by Articles V, VI, and VII of the Convention. ‘‘(15) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Commerce. ‘‘(16) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, and any other com-monwealth, territory, or possession of the United States. ‘‘(17) T
RANSSHIPMENT .—The term ‘trans-shipment’ means the unloading of all or any of the fishery resources on board a fishing vessel to another fishing vessel either at sea or in port.’’. 
SEC. 309. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 211 (16 U.S.C. 5610) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘SEC. 211. CONTRIBUTIONS TO ORGANIZATION. 
‘‘There is authorized to be appropriated out of funds made available to the Secretary and the Secretary of State $500,000 for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 to carry out this title and to pay the United States con-tribution to the Organization as provided in Article IX of the Convention.’’. 
SEC. 310. QUOTA ALLOCATION PRACTICE. 
Section 213 (16 U.S.C. 5612) is repealed. 
SA 4004. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3896 proposed by Ms. C
OLLINS (for herself, Mr. K IRK, Mr. R
EED, and Mr. T ESTER ) to the bill H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the De-partments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In division A, strike section 225 and insert the following: S
EC. 225. (a) Any entity receiving housing assistance payments shall maintain decent, safe, and sanitary conditions, as determined by the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’), and comply with any stand-ards under applicable State or local laws, rules, ordinances, or regulations relating to the physical condition of any property cov-ered under a housing assistance payment contract. (b) The Secretary shall take action under subsection (c) when a multifamily housing project with a section 8 contract or contract for similar project-based assistance— (1) receives a Uniform Physical Condition Standards (UPCS) score of 30 or less; (2) fails to certify in writing to the Sec-retary within 3 days that all Exigent Health and Safety deficiencies identified by the in-spector at the project have been corrected; or (3) receives a UPCS score between 31 and 59 and has received consecutive scores of less than 60 on UPCS inspections. Such requirements shall apply to insured and noninsured projects with assistance at-tached to the units under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), but do not apply to such units assisted under section 8(o)(13) (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(13)) or to public housing units assisted with cap-ital or operating funds under section 9 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437g). (c) C
ORRECTIONS OF DEFICIENCIES .— (1) The Secretary shall notify the owner and provide an opportunity for response within 30 days. If the violations remain, the Secretary shall develop a Compliance, Dis-position and Enforcement Plan within 60 days and must provide the owner with a No-tice of Default with a specified timetable, de-termined by the Secretary, for correcting all deficiencies. The Secretary must also pro-vide a copy of the Notice of Default to the tenants, the local government, any mortga-gees, and any contract administrator. If the owner’s appeal results in a UPCS score of 60 or above, the Secretary may withdraw the Notice of Default. (2) At the end of the time period for cor-recting all deficiencies specified in the No-tice of Default, if the owner fails to fully cor-rect such deficiencies, the Secretary may— (A) require immediate replacement of project management with a management agent approved by the Secretary; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.039 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2910 May 17, 2016 
(B) impose civil money penalties, which shall be used solely for the purpose of sup-porting safe and sanitary conditions at appli-cable properties, as designated by the Sec-retary, with priority given to the tenants of the property affected by the penalty; (C) abate the section 8 contract, including partial abatement, as determined by the Sec-retary, until all deficiencies have been cor-rected; (D) pursue transfer of the project to an owner, approved by the Secretary under es-tablished procedures, which will be obligated to promptly make all required repairs and to accept renewal of the assistance contract as long as such renewal is offered; (E) transfer the existing section 8 contract to another project or projects and owner or owners; (F) pursue exclusionary sanctions, includ-ing suspensions or debarments from Federal programs; (G) seek judicial appointment of a receiver to manage the property and cure all project deficiencies or seek a judicial order of spe-cific performance requiring the owner to cure all project deficiencies; (H) work with the owner, lender, or other related party to stabilize the property in an attempt to preserve the property through compliance, transfer of ownership, or an in-fusion of capital provided by a third-party that requires time to effectuate; or (I) take any other regulatory or contrac-tual remedies available as deemed necessary and appropriate by the Secretary. (d) The Secretary shall also take appro-priate steps to ensure that project-based con-tracts remain in effect, subject to the exer-cise of contractual abatement remedies to assist relocation of tenants for major threats to health and safety after written notice to and informed consent of the affected tenants and use of other remedies set forth above. To the extent the Secretary determines, in con-sultation with the tenants and the local gov-ernment, that the property is not feasible for continued rental assistance payments under such section 8 or other programs, based on consideration of (1) the costs of rehabili-tating and operating the property and all available Federal, State, and local resources, including rent adjustments under section 524 of the Multifamily Assisted Housing Reform and Affordability Act of 1997 (‘‘MAHRAA’’) and (2) environmental conditions that can-not be remedied in a cost-effective fashion, the Secretary may, in consultation with the tenants of that property, contract for project-based rental assistance payments with an owner or owners of other existing housing properties, or provide other rental assistance. (e) The Secretary shall report quarterly on all properties covered by this section that are assessed through the Real Estate Assess-ment Center and have UPCS physical inspec-tion scores of less than 60 or have received an unsatisfactory management and occu-pancy review within the past 36 months. The report shall include— (1) the enforcement actions being taken to address such conditions, including imposi-tion of civil money penalties and termi-nation of subsidies, and identify properties that have such conditions multiple times; (2) actions that the Department of Housing and Urban Development is taking to protect tenants of such identified properties; and (3) any administrative or legislative rec-ommendations to further improve the living conditions at properties covered under a housing assistance payment contract. AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 17, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 17, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD– 215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘In-tegrating the Corporate and Individual Tax Systems: The Dividends Paid De-duction Considered.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 17, 2016, 11 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘War in Syria: Next Steps to Mitigate the Crisis.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 17, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘America’s Insatia-ble Demand for Drugs: Assessing the Federal Response.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on May 17, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘National Foster Care Month: Sup-porting Youth in the Foster Care and Juvenile Justice Systems.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee On Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 17, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EAST ASIA , THE PACIFIC , AND 
INTERNATIONAL CYBER SECURITY  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cyber Security be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 17, 2016, 4 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Inter-national Cybersecurity Strategy.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. SUBCOMMITTEE ON FISHERIES , WATER , AND 
WILDLIFE  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife of the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on May 17, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Marine Debris and Wildlife: Impacts, Sources, and Solutions.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON WATER AND POWER  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources’ Subcommittee on Water and Power be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 17, 2016, at 2 p.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Christopher Banks, a congressional detailee to the Appropriations Committee, be given floor privileges for the remainder of this session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 468, which was submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 468) designating the week of May 15 through May 21, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Police Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be added as a cosponsor to S. Res. 468. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. COLLINS. I ask unanimous con-sent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 468) was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.040 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2911 May 17, 2016 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NORTH PACIFIC FISHERIES CON-VENTION IMPLEMENTATION ACT Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 405, S. 1335. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1335) to implement the Conven-tion on the Conservation and Management of the High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, as adopted at Tokyo on February 24, 2012, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sullivan substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 4003) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 1335), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 18, 2016 Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, May 18; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a pe-riod of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein, and with the majority control-ling the first half and the Democrats controlling the final half; that fol-lowing morning business, the Senate then resume consideration of H.R. 2577; finally, that all time during the ad-journment and morning business count postcloture on the Blunt-Murray amendment No. 3900. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order following the remarks of the Senator from Rhode Island, Mr. WHITEHOUSE . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Rhode Island. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I thank the chairman for giving me this time at the end of the day and con-gratulate her on the progress that has been made with my senior Senator, J
ACKREED, on this bill. This is the 137th time that I have ad-dressed this body, asking us to wake up to the threat of climate change. While we sleepwalk, our atmosphere and oceans continue to suffer the damage caused by carbon pollution. As we do nothing, more and more Americans de-mand action. Look at the new findings from Yale and George Mason Univer-sities. Despite years of industry cli-mate denial propaganda, 75 percent of all registered voters—88 percent of Democrats, 78 percent of Independents, and 61 percent of Republicans—support regulating carbon dioxide as a pollut-ant; 74 percent of registered voters—88 percent of Democrats, 74 percent of Independents, and 56 percent of Repub-licans—say corporations and industry should do more to address global warm-ing, and 68 percent of all registered voters—86 percent of Democrats, 66 percent of Independents, and 47 percent even of Republicans—believe fossil fuel companies should be required to pay a carbon tax and the money should be used to reduce other taxes, such as in-come taxes, by an equal amount. So why does this Chamber sit idly by and not even have that conversation? Take the fossil fuel industry. For years Big Oil and its allies funded outright denial of man-made climate change. Now they have shifted strategies, from denial to dissembling—saying one thing but doing another. Take ExxonMobil. In 2007, the oil giant committed to stop funding the front groups that promote science de-nial. Here is what they said: ‘‘In 2008, we will discontinue contributions to several public policy research groups whose positions on climate change could divert attention from the impor-tant discussion on how the world will secure the energy required for eco-nomic growth in an environmentally responsible manner.’’ This sounds like a step toward re-sponsible corporate behavior. A casual reader might believe that ExxonMobil would in fact stop funding groups with anti-scientific climate positions. One might think that, but one would be wrong. According to publicly available com-pany documents, in 2014, ExxonMobil funded several organizations that pro-mote climate science disinformation, including the American Legislative Ex-change Council, which peddled legisla-tion to State legislatures that include a finding that human-induced global warming ‘‘may lead to . . . possibly beneficial climactic changes’’; the Hoo-ver Institution, whose senior fellow is not a climate scientist, argued that cli-mate data since 1880 supports a conclu-sion that it would take as long as long as 500 years to reach 4 degrees centi-grade of global warming; the Manhat-tan Institute of Policy Research, where a senior fellow writing about climate change said: ‘‘The science is not set-tled, not by a long shot. . . . Further-more, even if we accept that carbon di-oxide is bad, it’s not clear exactly what we should do about it’’; the so-called National Black Chamber of Commerce, whose President and CEO, Harry Alford, played the debunked denier card, that ‘‘there has been no global warming detected for the last 18 years. That is over 216 months in a row that there has been no detected global warming.’’ By the way, NASA just re-ported that April was the hottest April ever recorded, just like every one of the past 7 months was the hottest ever recorded for that month. Let’s not for-get our friends at the Pacific Legal Foundation, whose senior attorney at-tacked EPA’s authority to even regu-late CO
2, in part, because it is a ‘‘ubiq-uitous natural substance essential to life on Earth.’’ Saying one thing and doing another— ExxonMobil is publicly saying it is sep-arated from the climate denial outfits, but it is still subsidizing their work to undermine public understanding of cli-mate change. This doesn’t even count whatever they may be doing behind the dark money curtain that wretched Citizens United decision gave them. The hypocrisy turns even worse in fossil fuel industry lobbying. An ExxonMobil executive recently stated: ‘‘When governments are considering policy options, ExxonMobil believes a revenue-neutral carbon tax is the most effective way to manage carbon emis-sions.’’ I have a revenue-neutral carbon tax bill, along with Senator S
CHATZ , and I can assure this body that ExxonMobil is not lobbying in support of it. Every Member of Congress knows that all the massive political infrastructure of the fossil fuel industry is adamantly op-posed to any meaningful action. Shell Oil issued a report just last week that states: ‘‘Economy-wide car-bon pricing—whether through carbon trading, carbon taxes or mandated car-bon-emissions standards—provides an efficient and cost-effective way of aligning incentives and motivating ac-tion across the economy to reduce car-bon emissions.’’ Top executives of six large European oil and gas companies, including Shell, BP and Statoil, issued a joint letter calling on governments ‘‘to introduce carbon pricing systems where they do not yet exist at the national or re-gional levels. . . . [W]e and our senior staff will seek to engage and share our companies’ perspectives on the role of carbon pricing in several important settings,’’ which includes ‘‘in our meet-ings with Ministers and government representatives.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.081 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2912 May 17, 2016 
I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the letter at the conclusion of my remarks. The question is, Has any Member of the Senate ever seen Shell or BP or Statoil or any other oil and gas com-pany or any of their lobbying entities even once lobby Members of Congress on carbon pricing—other than, of course, to say, hell, no. My bill with Senator S
CHATZ , the American Opportunity Carbon Fee Act, provides a market-based, revenue-neu-tral carbon fee—just like these compa-nies say they support. It is built on principles espoused by leading Repub-lican economists and by Republican former officeholders. Despite the industry’s claims, I have seen exactly zero evidence that any of these companies—or their sizable trade associations—are using any of their lobbying muscle to advance carbon pricing legislation. Instead, ExxonMobil and Shell and the trade as-sociations that represent them con-tinue to pump millions of dollars into political machinery designed to lobby against any action on climate change. They say one thing, but they do an-other. This chart from the nonprofit re-search organization InfluenceMap shows the streams of money flowing from ExxonMobil and from Shell, as well as from the American Petroleum Institute, the Western States Petro-leum Association, and even the Aus-tralian Petroleum Production and Ex-ploration Association. In 2015 alone, ExxonMobil spent $27 million, Shell spent $22 million, and the American Petroleum Institute spent $65 million on obstructive climate lobbying. This money deluge includes advertising and public relations, direct lobbying in Congress and at statehouses, and polit-ical contributions and electioneering. They say one thing but do another—to the tune of $100 million a year. As late as 2014, ExxonMobil gave the U.S. Chamber of Commerce $1 million for the chamber to propagate its cli-mate message, delivered loud and clear not only here in Congress but in the courts, of absolute intransigence against any serious climate action. The U.S. Chamber is powerful, and in Con-gress we all see everywhere around us its implacable hostility against serious climate legislation. The gap between ExxonMobil’s stated support for a revenue-neutral carbon tax and its lobbying activities in Con-gress against any such thing is why Representative T
EDLIEUof California and I recently asked the American Geophysical Union, a topnotch sci-entific society, to reexamine its finan-cial support from ExxonMobil. The American Geophysical Union is made up of honest scientists. In their world, they likely expect that when people say something, it is true. Sadly, in Congress we don’t enjoy the same expe-rience. The good-hearted folks at the American Geophysical Union appear to have been taken in by ExxonMobil’s false claims of support for a carbon price. Since we actually see the fossil fuel industry’s lobbying presence, we wanted to correct any false impression. What we see in Congress is that their lob-bying efforts are 100 percent opposed to any action on Climate. . . . Whatever position AGU chooses to take, you should not take it based on self-serving representations by ExxonMobil. 
POLITICO reported that in November ExxonMobil sent executives to Capitol Hill to try and convince congressional critics that ExxonMobil is a conscien-tious corporation that supports ‘‘sound climate policy.’’ Who did they think they were kidding? Do they think we don’t know how they lobby? We are the targets of their lobbying. We know how they lobby. Unsurprisingly, the ExxonMobil executives left DC ‘‘empty-handed . . . after refusing to directly answer questions about wheth-er [ExxonMobil] had suppressed inter-nal research that underscored the threat of climate change while publicly sowing doubt about climate science.’’ Given the fossil fuel industry’s mas-sive conflict of interest on carbon pol-lution, there is every reason for them to play a double game: trying to buy a little credibility for themselves with their public comments, while at the same time using all their lobbying muscle to crush any threat of bipar-tisan action on the carbon pricing they claim to espouse. Sadly, in this double game they play, the fossil fuel industry has essentially no corporate opposition in Congress. Across the private sector, there are great corporate leaders on climate change, but from what I see, corporate climate lobbying from the good guys nets to zero. The good guys have given up the field and let the fossil fuel in-dustry to have its way with Congress unopposed, and the result is predict-able: Many good Members of Congress are frozen in place, often against their better judgment. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD an article I re-cently wrote for Harvard Business Re-view explaining this reality. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Harvard Business Review, Feb. 25, 2016] T
HECLIMATE MOVEMENT NEEDS MORE C
ORPORATE LOBBYISTS  (By Sheldon Whitehouse) Across corporate America, there is broad support for action on climate change. Lead-ing businesses and executives vocally sup-ported President Obama on the Paris Agree-ment. Many companies have committed themselves to getting onto a sustainable path, and many are pushing their commit-ment out through their supply chains. This is good, and it’s important. But it makes us in Congress feel a little left out. The corporate lobbying presence in Congress is immense. But in my experience, exactly zero of it is dedicated to lobbying for a good, bipartisan climate bill. Dante wrote that above the Inferno was a sign: ‘‘Abandon hope all ye who enter here.’’ But there is hope in Congress. Many of my Republican colleagues are eager for some po-litical support, to counter the fossil fuel in-dustry’s relentless onslaught. Despite the statements emitted from oil companies’ executive suites about taking cli-mate change seriously and supporting a price on carbon, their lobbying presence in Con-gress is 100% opposed to any action. In par-ticular, the American Petroleum Institute, the oil industry trade association, is an im-placable foe. Given the industry’s massive conflict of interest, there is every reason to believe they are playing a double game: try-ing to buy a little credibility with these pub-lic comments while using all their quiet lob-bying muscle to crush any threat of bipar-tisan action on the carbon pricing they claim to espouse. I am a sponsor of a Senate carbon fee bill, so I know this firsthand. I see their destruc-tive handiwork all around me—and they have no corporate opposition. Let me use the example of two good guys: Coca-Cola and PepsiCo. I believe they care about climate change. They have no conflict of interest like fossil fuel companies do. Both signed a public letter urging strong ac-tion on climate in Paris. Pepsi signed two major business climate action pledges, the Ceres BICEP Climate Declaration in the United States and the Prince of Wales’s Cor-porate Leaders Group Trillion Tonne Communique´in the UK. Coca-Cola’s website says it will reduce CO2 emissions by 25% by ‘‘making comprehensive carbon footprint reductions across its manu-facturing processes, packaging formats, de-livery fleet, refrigeration equipment, and in-gredient sourcing.’’ Coca-Cola says, ‘‘We . . . encourag[e] progress in response to climate change.’’ Indra Nooyi, chair and CEO of PepsiCo says: ‘‘Combating climate change is absolutely critical to the future of our com-pany, customers, consumers—and our world. I believe all of us need to take action now.’’ And they are taking action. Their effort puts Coke and Pepsi at the forefront of cor-porate climate responsibility. But they lobby Congress through a trade association, the American Beverage Association, and through the business lobbying group, the U.S. Cham-ber of Commerce. The American Beverage Association sits on the board of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and contributes a lot of money to it. The American Beverage Association, as far as I can tell, has never lobbied on climate change. When the Association thought Con-gress might impose a soda tax to fund health care, they lobbied like crazy—nearly $30 mil-lion dollars’ worth. They know how to lobby, when they want to. But on climate, I’ve never seen it. Everyone in Congress knows that the U.S. Chamber of Commerce is dead set against Congress doing anything serious about cli-mate change. The U.S. Chamber is very pow-erful, and its power in Congress is fully dedi-cated to stopping any serious climate legis-lation. We see their hostility everywhere. The result is that Coke and Pepsi take great positions on climate change in their public materials and private actions, but here in Congress their lobbying agencies don’t support their position. No corporate lobbying force is exerted for good on climate change. Mars, maker of the iconic M&M, is going fully carbon neutral. Its climate performance is spectacular. No lobbying. WalMart, America’s biggest re-tailer, is spending tens of millions of dollars to become sustainable. No lobbying. Apple and Google and Facebook are forward-look-ing, cutting-edge companies of the future, and they lead in sustainability. No lobbying. The reasoning I am given is always the same. People fear retribution, so embedded is the fossil fuel industry in Congress. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G17MY6.082 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2913 May 17, 2016 
result is the good guys abandoning the field to the worst climate actors in America: the fossil fuel industry and its array of front groups. They don’t just lobby. The roughest of these, Americans for Prosperity, boasts loudly that it will spend $750 million in this election (it’s already through $400 million and climbing) and that any effort to address climate change will put candidates in ‘‘polit-ical peril,’’ that they’ll be ‘‘at a severe dis-advantage.’’ Subtle like a brick. My response is twofold. Climate change is not just any other issue. It’s so big an issue that the world’s leaders just gathered in Paris to address it. It’s so big an issue that it has its own page on most corporate websites. It’s so big an issue that our former Pacific commander, Admiral Samuel J. Locklear, said it was the biggest national security threat we face in the Pa-cific Theater. To use his words, climate change ‘‘is probably the most likely thing that is going to happen . . . that will cripple the security environment, probably more likely than the other scenarios we all often talk about.’’ So it’s big enough for corpora-tions to treat it as more than just another issue in Congress. Second, they can’t hurt you if you orga-nize. An antelope alone may fall to the hy-enas, but the herd will protect itself. The fossil fuel industry can’t punish Coke and Pepsi and WalMart and Apple and Google and Mars and all the other 100-plus compa-nies who rallied publicly around a strong Paris agreement. You have to stand to-gether. Around Congress, the bullying menace of the fossil fuel industry is a constant. If the good guys cede the field to them, the result is predictable: members of Congress frozen in place, often against their better judgment. It doesn’t have to be this way. I’m in Congress, and I’m writing here to say: we need you guys to show up. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, it is time not just for us to wake up but for the good guys to show up. Fossil fuel folks for years outright denied cli-mate change and happily funded their array of denial front groups. That failed the tests of truth and decency, but at least it was consistent. This new hypocrisy, to say one thing and do an-other, is playing with fire. First, it poses a legal risk. It is never good to say things you can’t truthfully say under oath, which may be one reason we see such histrionics from the cli-mate denial front groups about inves-tigations where fossil fuel executives may have to tell the truth under oath. Second, it is a real reputation risk, es-pecially among younger consumers who aren’t going to love an industry that lies. It is hard to say that you are not lying when what you are saying and what you are doing are opposite. It is time for the fossil fuel industry to end this new double game. Either put your money where your mouth is and start working with Congress to enact a price on carbon, as you say you wish, or go back to your climate denial and your creepy front groups and see how that works out for you, but saying one thing while you are doing the exact opposite is just not sustainable. I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: MAY29, 2015. Her Excellency, Ms. C
HRISTIANA FIGUERES , Executive Secretary of the UNFCCC, Bonn, Germany. His Excellency, Mr. L
AURENT FABIUS Presi- dent of COP21, Paris, France. D
EAR EXCELLENCIES : Climate change is a critical challenge for our world. As major companies from the oil & gas sector, we rec-ognize both the importance of the climate challenge and the importance of energy to human life and well-being. We acknowledge that the current trend of greenhouse gas emissions is in excess of what the Intergov-ernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) says is needed to limit the temperature rise to no more than 2 degrees above pre-indus-trial levels. The challenge is how to meet greater energy demand with less CO
2. We stand ready to play our part. Our companies are already taking a num-ber of actions to help limit emissions, such as growing the share of gas in our produc-tion, making energy efficiency improve-ments in our operations and products, pro-viding renewable energy, investing in carbon capture and storage, and exploring new low- carbon technologies and business models. These actions are a key part of our mission to provide the greatest number of people with access to sustainable and secure energy. For us to do more, we need governments across the world to provide us with clear, stable, long-term, ambitious policy frame-works. This would reduce uncertainty and help stimulate investments in the right low carbon technologies and the right resources at the right pace. We believe that a price on carbon should be a key element of these frameworks. If gov-ernments act to price carbon, this discour-ages high carbon options and encourages the most efficient ways of reducing emissions widely, including reduced demand for the most carbon intensive fossil fuels, greater energy efficiency, the use of natural gas in place of coal, increased investment in carbon capture and storage, renewable energy, smart buildings and grids, off-grid access to energy, cleaner cars and new mobility busi-ness models and behaviors. Our companies are already exposed to a price on carbon emissions by participating in existing carbon markets and applying ‘shad-ow’ carbon prices in our own businesses to test whether investments will be viable in a world where carbon has a higher price. Yet, whatever we do to implement carbon pricing ourselves will not be sufficient or commercially sustainable unless national governments introduce carbon pricing even- handedly and eventually enable global link-age between national systems. Some econo-mies have not yet taken this step, and this could create uncertainty about investment and disparities in the impact of policy on businesses. Therefore, we call on governments, includ-ing at the UNFCCC negotiations in Paris and beyond—to: Introduce carbon pricing systems where they do not yet exist at the national or re-gional levels. Create an international framework that could eventually connect national systems. To support progress towards these out-comes, our companies would like to open di-rect dialogue with the UN and willing gov-ernments. We have important areas of inter-est in and contributions to make to creating and implementing a workable approach to carbon pricing, including: 1. Experience. For more than a century we have provided energy to the world. We are global in reach, closely familiar with man-aging major projects and risks of many kinds, and well-versed in trading and logis-tics. As we are already users of carbon pric-ing systems across the world, exchange of in-formation at international scale could help to identify the best solutions. 2. Motivation. We want to be a part of the solution and deliver energy to society sustainably for many decades to come. Like our counterparts in other industry sectors we will play a key role in implementing the measures and deploying the technologies that will lead to a lower carbon future. Low carbon business models and solutions are fragile until they reach critical size, but with linked carbon pricing systems world-wide, uncertainty would be reduced and such solutions will start to create value for busi-ness more rapidly. 3. Pragmatism. We believe our presence at the table could be helpful in designing an ap-proach to carbon pricing that would be both practical and deliverable, as well as ambi-tious, efficient and effective. 4. A forum for discussion. Our companies and others have come together under the auspices of the World Economic Forum to form the Oil & Gas Climate Initiative, or are members of the International Emissions Trading Association, the World Bank or the UN Global Compact Carbon Pricing initia-tives. We believe these forums may offer an appropriate ground for public-private dia-logue on how to price carbon into energy. Practically, we and our senior staff will seek to engage and share our companies’ per-spectives on the role of carbon pricing in sev-eral important settings: In our meetings with Ministers and Gov-ernment representatives. As we attend and address conferences. As we hold engagements with our inves-tors. As we conduct meetings with other stake-holders including partners, suppliers, aca-demics and researchers. As we hold meetings for management and staff within our businesses. Pricing carbon obviously adds a cost to our production and our products—but carbon pricing policy frameworks will contribute to provide our businesses and their many stake-holders with a clear roadmap for future in-vestment, a level playing field for all energy sources across geographies and a clear role in securing a more sustainable future. We acknowledge the long-term challenge and appreciate that this will be trans-formative across the energy sector. Over many decades, our industry has been innova-tive and has been at the forefront of change. We are confident that we can build on our trajectory of innovation to meet the chal-lenges of the future. Each of us will copy this letter personally to key contacts among investors, govern-ments, civil society and our staff. Yours sincerely, H
ELGE LUND, BG Group. B
OBDUDLEY , BP. C
LAUDIO DESCALZI , Eni S.p.A. B
EN VAN BEURDEN , Royal Dutch Shell. E
LDAR SAETRE , Statoil ASA. P
ATRICK POUYANNE ´, Total S.A. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:15 p.m., adjourned until Wednesday, May 18, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.050 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2914 May 17, 2016 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate May 17, 2016: 
OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  
TODD A. FISHER, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING DE-CEMBER 17, 2016. DEVEN J. PAREKH, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING DE-CEMBER 17, 2016. 
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT FOUNDATION  
LINDA THOMAS–GREENFIELD, AN ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY OF STATE (AFRICAN AFFAIRS), TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE AFRICAN DE-VELOPMENT FOUNDATION FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 27, 2015. LINDA THOMAS–GREENFIELD, AN ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY OF STATE (AFRICAN AFFAIRS), TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE AFRICAN DE-VELOPMENT FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEP-TEMBER 27, 2021. JOHN W. LESLIE, JR., OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE AFRICAN DE-VELOPMENT FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEP-TEMBER 22, 2019. LINDA I. ETIM, OF WISCONSIN, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE AFRICAN DEVELOP-MENT FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 22, 2021. UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON  
PUBLIC DIPLOMACY  
GEORGETTE MOSBACHER, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON PUBLIC DIPLOMACY FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 1, 2018. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
ERIC K. FANNING, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE SECRETARY OF THE ARMY. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
ROBERT ANNAN RILEY III, OF FLORIDA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER-COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERATED STATES OF MICRO-NESIA. KAREN BREVARD STEWART, OF FLORIDA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER-COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF THE MARSHALL IS-LANDS. MATTHEW JOHN MATTHEWS, OF OREGON, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER-COUNSELOR, FOR THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR DURING HIS TENURE OF SERVICE AS UNITED STATES SENIOR OFFICIAL FOR THE ASIA-PACIFIC ECONOMIC CO-OPERATION (APEC) FORUM. 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT  
MARCELA ESCOBARI, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE AN ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT. ASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK  
SWATI A. DANDEKAR, OF IOWA, TO BE UNITED STATES DIRECTOR OF THE ASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
ADAM H. STERLING, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SLOVAK REPUBLIC. KELLY KEIDERLING-FRANZ, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER-COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE ORIENTAL REPUBLIC OF URUGUAY. STEPHEN MICHAEL SCHWARTZ, OF MARYLAND, A CA-REER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF SOMALIA. CHRISTINE ANN ELDER, OF KENTUCKY, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF LIBERIA. ELIZABETH HOLZHALL RICHARD, OF VIRGINIA, A CA-REER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER-COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE LEBANESE REPUB-LIC. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:57 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A17MY6.009 S17MYPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE715 May 17, 2016 
RECOGNIZING CHIEF MASTER SER-GEANT BRIAN L. ZATOR’S THIR-TY-TWO YEARS OF SERVICE IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AND AIR FORCE RESERVE 
HON. TIM MURPHY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Citizen Airman Chief Master Sergeant Brian L. Zator upon the occasion of his retirement after 32 years of honorable service to our great Nation in the United States Air Force and Air Force Reserve. Chief Zator was born on April 8, 1966 in Morgantown, West Virginia. He graduated from Saint Francis High School in Morgantown in 1984 and entered the Air Force in July that year. Upon graduation of Administration Man-agement Specialist Course, he was assigned to the 62nd Air Base Group and then to the 446th Airlift Wing, McChord AFB, Washington, from 1984 to 1989, as an Administrative Spe-cialist. In June 1989, he transitioned from the Air Force to the Air Force Reserve, joining the 911th Civil Engineer Squadron, Detachment Number 1, Morgantown, West Virginia as the Non-Commissioned Officer in charge (NCOIC), Management Assistant, of the Or-derly Room. Then, in August 1991, he be-came an Air Reserve Technician, a dual hatted Citizen Airman, serving the Air Force Reserve Command as a Civil Servant during the week and again serving the Air Force Re-serve Command as a member of the uni-formed service during the weekends and whenever the nation called upon him with the 911th Airlift Wing, Civil Engineer Squadron, Pittsburgh International Airport, Air Reserve Station, Coraopolis, Pennsylvania. In 1995, he was promoted to the grade of Master Ser-geant, taking on an active leadership role with-in the 911th Airlift Wing and within the Air Force Reserve Command. In 1997, he was selected as the winner of the Air Force Re-serve Command Outstanding Civil Engineering Air Reserve Technician of the year award. That same year he was a member of the Air Force Reserve Command Outstanding Civil Engineering Squadron of the Year. In 1998, he alone was selected from thousands of his peers within the state, as the winner of the Air Force Association Outstanding Reservist Award for Pennsylvania. In October 1999, he transitioned careers, both civilian and military, into the Financial Management career field. From October 1999 through October 2006, he was the Financial Management Superintendent as an Air Re-serve Technician with the 911th Airlift Wing. In 2000, he again was promoted, this time to the grade of Senior Master Sergeant. Chief Zator was clearly being recognized by leadership within the Air Force Reserve Command for his abilities to assume additional responsibility and to lead within the 911th Airlift Wing. In 2001, he was again individually selected from thousands of his peers within the state as the winner of the Air Force Association Out-standing Reservist Award for Pennsylvania. In 2003, he was selected as the winner of the Air Force Reserve Command Financial Services Civilian of the Year award, and in 2004 he was selected as the winner of the 911th Airlift Wing Senior Noncommissioned Officer of the Year award. In 2005, he deployed to the 496th Air Base Group, Moro´n Air Base, Spain as a Deployed Paying Agent. That same year, and again in 2006, he was selected as the winner of the Air Force Reserve Command Financial Management Enlisted Superintendent of the Year award and the winner of the 2006, 911th Airlift Wing Civilian of the Year award. In 2006, he was promoted to the highest enlisted rank within the Air Force, Chief Master Ser-geant. As a Chief Master Sergeant, one as-sumes responsibilities for all enlisted troops and serves as a guide and mentor for junior personnel, officer and enlisted, alike. In November 2006 through January 2013, he served as the Chief of Financial Manage-ment for the 911th Airlift Wing. During that time, in 2007 and again in 2008, he was se-lected as the winner of the Air Force Reserve Command Comptroller Organization of the Year award, and in 2009, he was selected as the winner of the Air Force Reserve Command James E. Short Award for Outstanding Mentorship and Career Development. Then, in 2011, he was selected as the winner of the Air Force Reserve Command Financial Manage-ment Enlisted Superintendent of the Year and the winner of the 2011 Defense Finance and Accounting Service-Limestone’s Partnership for Success Award. From January 2013 through September 2016, in Chief Zator’s final military role within the Air Force Reserve, he was hand selected to be the Command Chief of the 911th Airlift Wing, Pittsburgh Inter-national Airport, Air Reserve Station, Coraopolis, Pennsylvania. During this time, Chief Zator served as the Wing Commanders’ senior enlisted advisor on matters concerning troop welfare, effective utilization, and progress of the enlisted members of the 911th Airlift Wing. As an example of the work Chief Zator did on behalf of the 911th Airlift Wing, he went about forging partnerships with local educational institutions resulting in college level courses being taught at the 911th Airlift Wing. His vision came to fruition in January 2014, when the 911th Airlift Wing partnered with Robert Morris University and started teaching eight week General Education courses. These courses were part of the initia-tive to meet the forthcoming requirements for enlisted military personnel to have a Commu-nity College of the Air Force Associates De-gree for consideration for promotion to Senior Master Sergeant and Chief Master Sergeant. Since this partnership, the 911th Airlift Wing has presented over 150 Community College of the Air Force Associate degrees to its mem-bers. The 911th Airlift Wing has gone from not being ranked in the top 25 percent of Commu-nity College of the Air Force Associates De-gree graduates to being ranked Number 8 in 2014 to being ranked Number 2 in 2015 within the Air Force Reserve. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress and a grateful Nation, I extend our deepest appreciation to Chief Master Sergeant Brian Zator for his many years of dedicated service. There is no question that the Air Force, Department of Defense, and the United States benefitted greatly from Chief Zator’s vi-sionary leadership, planning, and foresight, and we wish him and his wife, Lorie, and his son Nicolas, the very best. 
f 
TAMMY BANFIELD’S STORY 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, on August 17th, 2015 Tammy Banfield was on her way out the door with her 2 year old daughter when she heard a knock on the door that would change their lives forever. Brien, her partner and fa-ther to their daughter Kendal, was in the ICU. On August 23, 2015 he was pronounced dead at 38 years old. Brien was a hard worker, a brother, a friend, a partner, and most impor-tantly the father to three amazing girls. He was someone who put others before himself and lent a helping hand whenever possible. Brien struggled with depression, anxiety and an addiction that started at the age of 8. De-spite his problems, he always made time for his family. From singing the ABC’s to their daughter to cooking her dinner and changing her diapers, Brien always put his family first. Kendal, to this day, still speaks lovingly of her father. Tammy wants no one else to go through her family’s trouble and she has seen firsthand that it is possible to recover from ad-diction. Tammy has two brothers who were able to recover from the treatment and an on-going, consistent support team. Each individ-ual’s support team looks different; for some it is groups like AA, NA and the up-and-coming HA, while others rely on family and friends who have recovered. None of these options are possible without the ability to first seek and receive comprehensive, quality treatment. 
f 
HONORING DR. PAUL MODRICH 
HON. BEN RAY LUJA´N 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and con-gratulate Dr. Paul Modrich, who grew up in Raton, New Mexico and won the 2015 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Tomas Lindahl and Aziz Sancar. Dr. Modrich was awarded the Nobel Prize for explaining and mapping how the human body repairs mistakes in DNA rep-lication during cell division, which experts say 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17MY8.001 E17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE716 May 17, 2016 
will aid future research into the treatment of cancer and various illnesses associated with aging. Dr. Modrich grew up in Raton, a town of less than 7,000 people in northern New Mex-ico, and graduated from Raton High School in 1964. From a young age, he frequently took on science projects with an inquisitive spirit that made it no surprise to family and friends when he decided to pursue a career as a sci-entist. After graduating, Dr. Modrich headed east to study biology at MIT, then moved to Stanford for his doctorate in biochemistry. He has spent most of his professional career at Duke University, where he became the James B. Duke Professor of Biochemistry in 1988. Despite the geographic diversity of his en-deavors, Dr. Modrich credits his childhood in Raton as a key inspiration for his career in science. ‘‘There was huge biological diversity around me,’’ he said. ‘‘Within five miles, the ecology can change dramatically. It was very thought provoking.’’ Raton is a special place where deep roots and a strong connection to the land are hallmarks of this community, and these qualities have left a lasting impact on Paul Modrich. Dr. Modrich’s accomplishments serve as a reminder that New Mexico is home to im-mense talent. His success stands as a testa-ment to the virtues of hard work, determina-tion, and curiosity, and provide an example that will encourage young people in New Mex-ico and across the country to follow their dreams and change the world. Dr. Modrich has shown that just because you are from a small town does not mean you can’t go on to do big things. Again, congratulations to Dr. Modrich on his tremendous achievement. The people of Raton and New Mexico are proud of him. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE 10TH ANNI-VERSARY OF MONTENEGRO’S INDEPENDENCE 
HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Montenegro on the tenth anniver-sary of their independence, which will occur on Saturday, May 21. Ten years ago this week, voters in Monte-negro went to the polls in a referendum which posed the question, ‘‘Do you want Montenegro to be an independent state?’’ When the dust settled in the evening of May 21, 2006, 55.5 percent of voters chose to peacefully dissolve the union with Serbia. Shortly thereafter, all five members of the United Nations Security Council recognized the newest country in the world. In a region marked by bullets and bombs, this was the beginning of a praiseworthy chapter in re-gional and trans-Atlantic history. In addition, I am very pleased that this proud nation is on a path to become the new-est member of NATO. Its inclusion in NATO will strengthen regional and trans-Atlantic se-curity, and sends a strong message of strength to friend and foe alike. Given that countries much larger than Mon-tenegro often dominate our foreign policy, it is easy to overlook the importance of ten years of U.S.-Montenegro relations. U.S. government assistance to Montenegro has aimed to help the country advance toward Euro-Atlantic integration, increase its ability to fight organized crime and corruption, strength-en its civil society and democratic structures, and provide stability in the fragile Balkans. Meanwhile, American business leaders like-wise play a vital role. For example, the Stratex Group is the largest American investor in Mon-tenegro. The CEO was one of the first Jewish families to flee the scourge of Soviet Com-munism settling in our great country. Today, his company is working alongside our Em-bassy and recently just hosted airmen from the Air War College. Only two places in Mon-tenegro fly the American flag: the U.S. Em-bassy and the Stratex properties. Beyond strengthening our formal diplomatic alliance, my colleagues here in Congress must endeavor to creatively promote business and cultural diplomacy—in Montenegro and around the world. We must encourage our diplomats to have a greater appreciation for American in-vestments in emerging democracies. I believe that with a full commitment to rule of law, transparency and an independent judi-ciary, Montenegro will achieve its stated goal of further attracting American investors and, in the process, strengthen the trans-Atlantic com-munity. With the focus of Congress, I am confident Montenegrin government leaders will fully commit to prioritizing these critical reforms and educating a new generation about conducting corruption-free business in the 21st century. As Chairman of the Montenegro Caucus, I will continue to support Montenegro, and I will continue to support a stable, secure Europe based on collective self-defense, free trade and economic freedom, the rule of law, and democracy. f 
PEOPLE LIE—NUMBERS DON’T 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today on this Restoration Tuesday, I rise to bring attention to the continued voter suppres-sion affecting Americans around the country during this election year and the ongoing bat-tle to protect the constitutional right to vote. It has been said that new restrictive voting laws were made to prevent voter fraud, but there is little evidence showing a significant problem. It has been said that having certain photo IDs are a simple request for those seek-ing to vote, while thousands of Americans such as the elderly, college students and city- dwellers who use public transportation and others lack such newly required IDs. Much is done in the name of noble reasons, but often the truth lies not in words but in deeds and re-sults. The truth is this—Americans want to vote, but these new suppressive state voting laws are making it especially difficult. Here are some numbers: Seventeen states have introduced new voting procedures to be in place for the November election, more than half of which are being challenged in court. In all, over 30 states across the country have im-plemented new restrictive laws aimed at block-ing the American people from the ballot box. After the Supreme Court decision in the Shelby case, the state of Alabama closed over 30 DMVs, the most common location to re-ceive a photo ID. Strict voting ID laws in Texas could leave up to 600,000 voters with-out the proper ID. Also in 2008, Arizona had 400 voting polls. They went down to 200 vot-ing polls in 2012 and now in 2016 they are down to 60. Across the nation, voting polls have been shut down and voters have been shut out. New photo ID laws have been passed and eli-gible voters have been passed up. With so many new state laws that have made it harder for voters to get to the polls, we must take a hard look around and ask the question—why don’t we want people to vote? Why make vot-ing for eligible voters harder and not easier? Are these new laws really about preventing voter fraud? The leaders in Congress need to have answers to these questions. Suppression of the right to vote is especially un-democratic and ultimately un-American. In the midst of this devastating blow to our democratic process, here are some numbers that we can be proud of: Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe recently restored voting rights to about 200,000 individuals with a past felony conviction. On March 10th of this year, Mary-land also restored the right to vote for an esti-mated 40,000 individuals with past felony con-victions. It is encouraging to see examples of leaders who believe in our democracy and be-lieve in the Constitutional right to have one’s voice heard through their right to vote. I don’t have to remind anyone that this is an election year. But when I look around and see the ongoing suppression of the right to vote, I feel obligated to remind us all of what is at stake in this election. Every voice matters, every vote matters. Unfortunately, if eligible voters continue to be hindered by these new suppressive state laws; every voice will not be heard. Every potential vote will not be count-ed. Voting rights need to be protected and eligi-ble voters need proponents of the Constitution and the democratic process to fight for them— to fight for their rights. The suppression needs to stop, the oppression needs to stop, and the excuses need to stop. There is too much at stake this election year and Congress needs to stand up and do something about it now. On this Restoration Tuesday, I give us all the charge to battle against the continued sup-pression of the American vote and stand strong by our principles of democracy, liberty, and justice for all. Mr. Speaker, my Republican colleagues should join the 168 members of Congress and support H.R. 2867—the Voting Rights Ad-vancement Act of 2015. Let’s restore the Vot-ing Rights Act of 1965. It is the right thing to do. 
f 
ANGELS OF ADDICTION 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, Angels of Addic-tion is an organization created by Anne Marie Farley Zanfagna about a year after the death of her youngest daughter, Jacqueline Zanfagna. Jacqueline died of a heroin over-dose on October 18, 2014. At the time of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17MY8.005 E17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE717 May 17, 2016 
Jackie’s death, her parents, Anne and Jim Zanfagna made the decision to be open with her cause of death, in hopes of raising aware-ness of heroin addiction. After Jacqueline passed away, Anne Marie, an artist who works with oil paints, found she could not paint. When she finally began to paint again, she painted a vibrant, joyful por-trait of Jackie which she worked on over the period of a couple of months. Anne felt that the time spent working on her painting of Jac-queline was time spent with her daughter. Anne brought her painting of Jackie to the her-oin addiction support group that she and her husband attend every third Sunday of the month in Plaistow, NH. Everyone at the meet-ing loved her painting and she offered to paint a portrait for another family who also lost their daughter to a heroin overdose. Anne Marie Zanfagna’s portrait art raises awareness of the danger of heroin addiction. As heroin addiction has reached epidemic pro-portions in America, many families have lost children or loved ones to the addiction. Ulti-mately, Anne Marie plans to create a traveling art show of portraits of those who have suc-cumbed to heroin addiction which she hopes to bring to the State House in New Hampshire and then across the nation, to the U.S. Cap-itol. Long term goals for Angels of Addictions in-clude raising money for a yearly scholarship in Jacqueline Zanfagna’s name for an out-standing student who plans to work in addic-tion recovery and art therapy. Angels of Addic-tions also plans to support other local addic-tion resources including a sober house for her-oin addictions. 
f 
THE MEDICARE BENEFICIARY ENROLLMENT IMPROVEMENT ACT 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Medicare Beneficiary Enroll-ment Improvement Act. This bill provides newly-eligible Medicare beneficiaries with clearer, easier-to-understand information in their Welcome to Medicare package. This will help beneficiaries make better informed deci-sions regarding their options for receiving ben-efits through the Medicare program. The decisions that newly-eligible bene-ficiaries make have consequences that can last a lifetime. For example, individuals who opt out of Part B coverage during their initial enrollment period must pay a lifetime premium penalty of 10 percent for each 12-month pe-riod in which they were not enrolled. By re-forming the Welcome to Medicare package, this bill makes a small but important improve-ment that will provide beneficiaries with the in-formation they need to fully understand their options. IN HONOR OF THE 20TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE TAIPEI CHINESE CULTURE SUMMER CAMP HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Taipei Chinese Culture Sum-mer Camp on its 20th anniversary. The Taipei Chinese Culture Summer Camp, held in Phoenix, has been recognized for its outstanding performance time and time again. It was designated as an official Arizona Cen-tennial Event, it has been recognized here in Congress, and it is a recipient of the Phoenix Mayor’s Partnership Award. Phoenix, Arizona and Taipei, Taiwan have enjoyed a Sister Cities Relationship for 37 years. The industrious people of Taipei share many things in common with Arizonans, in-cluding a strong work ethic, a peaceful nature, a love of nature and beauty, and amazing ar-chitecture. The camp will take place June 13–17, 2016 and is open to students from all schools. This camp will promote Taiwanese and Chinese Culture, Folk Arts and Sports. In addition, it will educate our youth regarding the impor-tance of cultural awareness and show the many similarities between our two cultures. The camp will also let children learn leader-ship and teamwork skills while also teaching an understanding of international issues and friendship among our nations. Perhaps most importantly for the children, it will be fun. We recognize these achievements and en-courage them to grow in the future. Again, it is my pleasure to congratulate the Taipei Chi-nese Summer Camp on its 20th anniversary. 
f 
HONORING JOSEPH ROBERT LEE SIGRIST 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Joseph Robert Lee Sigrist. Joe is a man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship through his service in the United States Navy during the Second World War. Joe enlisted in the Navy in 1943 where he performed vital maintenance on naval ships throughout California, Japan, and the Pacific until he completed his service in 1946. After the war, Joe continued his important work by attending the Colorado School of Mines. He worked as a machinist and tool and die maker before moving to St. Joseph, Missouri to work at Goetz Brewery. However, it could be said that one of his most notable accomplishments is his over 50 year marriage to his wife Phyllis. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Joseph Sigrist for his service to our country—a service that preserved the free-dom of his fellow citizens and the future of the United States of America. COURTNEY GRIFFIN’S STORY HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, Courtney Griffin was an energetic child who always did well in her classes. Once she reached high school, her parents were amazed at her maturity and work ethic when she got her first job. In order to continue working her job, Courtney’s par-ents allowed her to get a car to drive to and from work. Courtney’s job required her to work late hours and she began hanging around the wrong people. She started coming home later and later, her grades fell and pills started going missing in their house. The older she got, the more times money and pills would go missing. Courtney was eventually accepted into the University of Hawaii, but her parents made her stay an extra year at home to prove she would not continue her behavior in col-lege. Courtney began working for her father, handling all inventory duties for his business. She gradually saved up enough money to buy another car and got a boyfriend. But then Courtney’s story took a turn for the worst and she began abusing heroin. She began dis-appearing for long periods of time and began stealing money from her father’s company. Her parents tried to find her treatment, but all of the options were too expensive and their in-surance company would not cover the bills. So they took Courtney to emergency rooms, hop-ing to get her admitted and treated. At every hospital she was released within an hour with-out any form of treatment. The local authori-ties told them that the only way to get Court-ney help was to kick her out and cut her insur-ance so she could receive homeless benefits. Once her parents cut her off, Courtney moved in with her boyfriend’s grandparents. Eventu-ally, her boyfriend was arrested for violating parole and she was all on her own in a strange home with people she did not know. One night, she bought and used a dose of fentanyl that was 80 times stronger than she thought. That night, she drifted away and never woke up. In one day, Courtney’s par-ents lost their child to an addiction that went untreated. Courtney’s boyfriend overdosed in the same house, in the same room, in the same bed just a short while later. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ELIZABETH AND DALE WICHMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Elizabeth and Dale Wichman of Council Bluffs, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wed-ding anniversary. They were married on April 5, 1956, at Fort Lewis, Washington. Elizabeth and Dale’s lifelong commitment to each other and to their children, Michael, Susan, Sandra, and Julie, and their grand-children and great-grandchildren truly em-bodies Iowa values. It is because of Iowans like you that I’m proud to represent our great state. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17MY8.003 E17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE718 May 17, 2016 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together, wishing them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momen-tous occasion. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RANDY HULTGREN 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 194, I was unavoidably detained during the roll call vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO DR. EUGENE B. HABECKER FOR HIS 11 YEARS OF OUTSTANDING SERVICE AS PRESIDENT OF TAYLOR UNIVER-SITY 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Eugene Habecker on the occasion of his retirement. For the past eleven years Dr. Habecker has devoted his life to providing an exceptional educational ex-perience to the students of Taylor University. The people of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District are forever grateful for Dr. Habecker’s dedication to the education of our country’s fu-ture leaders. Dr. Habecker demonstrated a lifetime pas-sion for education, including his own. Before becoming the 30th President of Taylor Univer-sity in 2005, he received a number of degrees. He is a proud Taylor University alumnus, re-ceiving his bachelor’s degree from Taylor Uni-versity in 1968. He then went on to earn a master’s degree from Ball State University in 1969, Ph.D. from the University of Michigan in 1981, J.D. from Temple University in 1974, a certificate from Harvard University in 1986, and several honorary degrees from numerous colleges and universities. After earning an impressive number of de-grees, he continued pursuing his passion for education. He held executive leadership posi-tions at several educational institutions includ-ing George Fox University in Newberg, OR and Eastern University in St. Davids, PA. He served as President of Huntington College in Huntington, IN from 1981–1991, and was President and CEO of the American Bible So-ciety from 1991–2005 before he returned to his alma mater to serve as President of Taylor University. Taylor University, located in Upland, IN, was founded in 1846, making it one of the oldest evangelical Christian colleges in America. Throughout his tenure as President of Taylor University, Dr. Habecker has been instru-mental in ensuring that Taylor’s strong history as a university continued to flourish and grow. Under his leadership, Taylor University has been ranked the number one Midwest Univer-sity in the category ‘‘Best Regional Colleges’’ by US. News & World Report for nine years straight (2007 through 2016). He is also cred-ited with raising $180 million for operating, en-dowment, and capital projects. The funds raised have gone to many projects that have enhanced student life such as campus beau-tification projects, construction of new living centers, major upgrades to athletic facilities, and the establishment of international centers and a highly successful study abroad program. He also brings a group of students to the Na-tional Prayer Breakfast in Washington, D.C. each year, recognizing the importance of young Christians participating in this historic annual breakfast designed to serve as a forum for political, social, and business leaders to create a dialogue and build relationships. His wife, Marylou, who is also a 1968 grad-uate of Taylor, has been influential as well with her diverse and extensive work in cam-pus ministries. Marylou and Dr. Habecker have a clear passion for education and love for Taylor University. The school is dedicated to living life together in a discipleship commu-nity, and Dr. Habecker and Marylou have been exceptional leaders in facilitating such an environment. Due to his astounding leadership, Dr. Habecker was chosen to serve on several boards including the Christian Management Association, National Association of Evangelicals, and Council for Christian Col-leges and Universities. Additionally, he was selected to serve on three international boards, most notably the United Bible Soci-eties Global Board. Through his work with the United Bible Societies Global Board and through Taylor University, Dr. Habecker and Marylou have traveled extensively, both na-tionally and globally. The primary focus of their travels has been promoting and educating oth-ers on how to be a successful leader in Chris-tian education. Dr. Habecker’s astonishing commitment to higher education in Indiana and success as a leader has not gone unnoticed. He was awarded the Christian Management Award from the Christian Management Association (1989), Distinguished Alumni Citation from Huntington College (1989), Life Enrichment Award from the Charles Drew University of Medicine and Science (1996), Layperson of the Year Award from the National Association of Evangelicals (1999), and finally, his own Taylor University selected him as the 1998 Distinguished Alumnus for Professional Achievement. Dr. Habecker made a remarkable impres-sion on the lives of his students, faculty, and the Taylor University community. He and Marylou have left a legacy of success at Tay-lor that will be built upon for decades to come. On behalf of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional Dis-trict, I’d like to congratulate Dr. Habecker on his noteworthy career and extend a huge thank you for all the wonderful contributions he has made to the Hoosier community. I wish the very best to Dr. Habecker, Marylou, their three children, and seven grandchildren as he enjoys a well-deserved retirement. HONORING SARAH CONROY ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NA-TIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCI-ENTISTS AS A DELEGATE TO THE CONGRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sarah Conroy, of Ozark, Missouri, who has been accepted by the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists as a delegate to the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. The Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and direct the top students in the United States. It is specifically for students who aspire to be physicians or enter into the field of medical research, and helps to provide a path and mentorship for students to accom-plish those dreams. It takes place at the Uni-versity of Massachusetts over 3 days, and helps to spark meaningful dialogues and ex-changes of ideas between future leaders in the medical field. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants must be recommended by ei-ther a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Students must have a minimum of a 3.5 GPA and represent all 50 states and Puerto Rico. It is an incredibly selective oppor-tunity, and those students who qualify for se-lection have done so because of their hard work and diligence to their studies, not to mention their impressive intellect. Mr. Speaker, Sarah Conroy, who attends Ozark High School, has shown a true passion for anatomy, biology and health science. Moreover, Sarah has excelled in her aca-demics and will no doubt make Missouri proud as one of our delegates. I would like to extend my personal congratulations for her achieve-ment, and on behalf of the 7th District of Mis-souri, I would like to thank her for representing our district. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Monday, May 16, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call votes 194 and 195. 
f 
HONORING BOXING BEAR BREWING COMPANY 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MY8.001 E17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE719 May 17, 2016 
Boxing Bear Brewing on their victory at the 2016 World Beer Cup awards. The Brewers Association hosts the World Beer Cup every two years, a competition which features over 200 judges for over 90 categories of beer. Large and small breweries throughout the globe enter this prestigious event. I am honored to know that Albuquerque, New Mexico’s very own Boxing Bear Brewing received the Gold in the Sweet Stout of Cream Stout category, for their Chocolate Milk Stout, out of a total of 63 entries from around the world. Boxing Bear Brewing was founded along the sandy banks of the Rio Grande River in north-west Albuquerque. Since opening, they have expanded rapidly in New Mexico with an out-standing selection of beer. After their victory at the World Beer Cup, head brewer and co- owner Justin Hamilton said, ‘‘To win for a stout in a category with great breweries includ-ing Irish and American breweries just really solidified the fact that we have a presence not only locally, but nationally and now around the world.’’ As a small locally owned manufacturing and service business Boxing Bear Brewing rep-resents the prosperity of a burgeoning local craft beer industry in New Mexico. Boxing Bear Brewing is a testament to the contribu-tions small businesses make to our country and communities and the idea that with hard work and dedication nothing is unattainable. To this day lawyers, government officials, business leaders, political icons, artists and students continue to enjoy exquisite beers in Boxing Bear Brewing’s friendly atmosphere. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this moment to recognize Boxing Bear Brewing for their ac-complishments in the 2016 World Beer Cup competition and commitment to our community at large. I am proud to know that we have a great business located in the First Congres-sional District of New Mexico. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARTY RIEKEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Marty Rieken of Oakland, Iowa, as he ends his term as President of the Iowa Funeral Directors As-sociation (IFDA). Marty has a long history of service within the field. He graduated from the Worsham College of Mortuary Science and became an apprentice at the Sellergen Lindell DeMarce Funeral Home in Red Oak, Iowa. Shortly after leaving his apprenticeship, Marty was hired as the Funeral Director of the Kessler Funeral Home in Audubon, Iowa. After years of hard work and dedication Marty now owns the Rieken Vieth Funeral Home in Oakland, Iowa and the Duhn Funeral Home in Griswold, Iowa. In addition to helping Iowa’s families through their times of need, he has also been an active member of and tireless advocate for the Iowa Funeral Directors Association. Marty’s service to the Iowa Funeral Direc-tors Association (IFDA) began in 2010 as the District 4 Governor, and then became the Sec-retary-Treasurer in 2013. In 2014, Marty served as President-Elect and was installed as President in 2015. Under Marty’s leadership, the IFDA has seen unprecedented develop-ment and growth. He also implemented the IFDA’s five year strategic plan and his guid-ance to the IFDA Board of Governors has helped to promote and support funeral service excellence. Mr. Speaker, I commend Marty for his dedi-cation and honorable service to Iowa families and the IFDA. It is an honor to represent him in the United States Congress. I ask my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating Marty for his outstanding leadership and in wishing him nothing but continued success. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained for voting on Monday, May 16th. Had I been present and voting, I would have voted accordingly: Aye on Roll Call Vote Number 194 (Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 4743—National Cybersecurity Prepared-ness Consortium Act of 2016); and Aye on Roll Call Number 195 (Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 4407—Counterterrorism Advisory Board Act of 2016). 
f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S POLICIES HURT THE ECONOMY 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in a re-cent interview President Obama claimed that unemployment and deficits were down and GDP was on the rise. Contrary to his claims, Americans know the facts and are well aware of his failed economic agenda. Americans understand that the labor partici-pation rate is at an historic low. Only 62 per-cent of Americans are employed or are seek-ing employment. One way to bring down un-employment is to create jobs. The other is to drive people out of the job market, which is what the president’s policies have done. Americans also realize that the national debt has nearly doubled under the Obama presi-dency and will exceed $20 trillion before he leaves office. This continued out-of-control spending has given us slow economic growth and stagnant wages. American families know the facts about the president’s failed economic policies. 
f 
REGARDING THE DUI REPORTING ACT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the DUI Reporting Act, a bill I intro-duced today with my Judiciary Committee col-league STEVE CHABOT . If enacted, it would plug a glaring hole in our nation’s drunk driving laws that inadvert-ently enables repeat offenders to be tried as first time offenders. Currently, when police make a drunk driving arrest, they don’t always have access to infor-mation about all of the driver’s previous ar-rests for driving under the influence. The reason is because not all police report DUI arrests to the National Crime Information Center, or ‘‘NCIC’’ for short, which is the na-tional crime database that is made instantly available to police right from their patrol cars. The consequences of this lack of reporting can prove tragic. Just last year there was a terrible accident in northern Mississippi, just outside of my Congressional District. Two teenagers were killed when the car they were driving was struck by a drunk driver who had accrued seven DUI charges since 2008 and had been allowed to plead guilty five times to a first-offense DUI. The reason, according to a local investiga-tion, was that none of the driver’s DUI history had been reported to the NCIC. When the highway patrol ran his driving record in the national database, his past DUI convictions never showed up. This is shameful. This information should be reported so police can access it and get drunk drivers off the road. Our bill would make that happen, by cre-ating a financial incentive for states to require DUI arrests to be reported to the NCIC. This bipartisan bill will save lives, and I urge my colleagues to help pass it quickly. 
f 
HONORING RYAN DIRKSEN ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NA-TIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCI-ENTISTS AS A DELEGATE TO THE CONGRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ryan Dirksen, of Springfield, Missouri, who has been accepted by the National Acad-emy of Future Physicians and Medical Sci-entists as a delegate to the Congress of Fu-ture Medical Leaders. The Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and direct the top students in the United States. It is specifically for students who aspire to be physicians or enter into the field of medical research, and helps to provide a path and mentorship for students to accom-plish those dreams. It takes place at the Uni-versity of Massachusetts over 3 days, and helps to spark meaningful dialogues and ex-changes of ideas between future leaders in the medical field. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants must be recommended by ei-ther a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Students must have a minimum of a 3.5 GPA and represent all 50 states and Puerto Rico. It is an incredibly selective oppor-tunity, and those students who qualify for se-lection have done so because of their hard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MY8.006 E17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE720 May 17, 2016 
work and diligence to their studies, not to mention their impressive intellect. Mr. Speaker, Ryan Dirksen, who attends Springfield Catholic High School, has shown a level of dedication and aptitude for the health sciences that will leave him well prepared to represent Missouri at this Congress. I would like to extend my personal congratulations for his achievement, and on behalf of the 7th Dis-trict of Missouri, I would like to thank him for representing our district. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote numbers 194 and 195. Had I been present, I would have voted aye on both. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PATTY AND ELVIN SHAFAR 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Patty and Elvin Shafar on the very special occasion of their 70th wedding anniversary. Elvin and Patty were married on May 13, 1946 and made their home in Bedford, Iowa. Their lifelong commitment to each other em-bodies Iowa’s values. As the years pass, may their marriage continue to grow even stronger and may they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many more years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this lovely couple on their 70 years of life together and I heartily wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this mo-mentous occasion. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, May 16, 2016, I was absent and missed the day’s votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea,’’ on both Roll Call No. 194 and Roll Call No. 195. 
f 
HONORING LA CUMBRE BREWING 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor La Cumbre Brewing on their outstanding accom-plishment during the 2016 World Beer Cup awards. The Brewers Association hosts the World Beer Cup every two years, a competition which features over 200 judges for over 90 categories of beer. Large and small breweries throughout the globe enter this prestigious event. I am honored to know that Albuquerque, New Mexico’s very own La Cumbre Brewing received the Gold in the International Style Lager category, for their High Plains Pils, out of a total of 103 entries from around the world. La Cumbre Brewing President and Master Brewer, Jeff Erway explained that his com-pany has been working on the recipe for this exquisite beer for the past three years. La Cumbre Brewing was founded in Albu-querque in 2010 by Jeff and Laura Erway. Ini-tially, the company had only three, 15 barrel fermenters and five part time employees. However, in the past five years they have ex-panded rapidly throughout New Mexico and the country. Today annual production exceeds 11,000 barrels of beer and La Cumbre Brew-ing employs a team of 35 people. As a small locally owned manufacturing and service business La Cumbre Brewing rep-resents the prosperity of a burgeoning local craft beer industry in New Mexico. La Cumbre Brewing is a testament to the contributions small businesses make to our country and communities and the idea that with hard work and dedication nothing is unattainable. To this day lawyers, government officials, business leaders, political icons, artists and students continue to enjoy exquisite beers in La Cumbre Brewing’s friendly atmosphere. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this moment to recognize La Cumbre Brewing for their accom-plishments in the 2016 World Beer Cup com-petition and commitment to our community at large. I am proud to know that we have a great business located in the First Congres-sional District of New Mexico. f 
CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT OF DONALD RAY HILL 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the retirement of Donald Ray Hill of Taylor, Texas. A pillar of this bus-tling community nestled in the heart of my congressional district, Don’s extraordinary commitment to service to his beloved home town reflects the best values of Central Texas. Some people live an entire lifetime and wonder if they have made a difference in the world. Don Hill doesn’t have that problem. From his service in the Marine Corps to his role as Mayor of the City of Taylor to serving as Steward at Allen Chapel A.M.E. Church for over 37 years to countless other endeavors, Don has led a life of devotion to his commu-nity. Don was of service to all citizens. He worked tirelessly to feed the hungry, take care of the aged, and educate the young. The ef-forts of involved citizens like Don bring a com-munity together and make residents proud to call Taylor home. Retirement is to be celebrated and enjoyed. It is not the end of a career, but rather the be-ginning of a new adventure. I heartily salute Don Hill’s work and contributions to his com-munity. I wish him all the best as he begins his richly deserved retirement. f 
HONORING JOHN CRUMPTON ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NA-TIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCI-ENTISTS AS A DELEGATE TO THE CONGRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John Crumpton, of Branson, Missouri, who has been accepted by the National Acad-emy of Future Physicians and Medical Sci-entists as a delegate to the Congress of Fu-ture Medical Leaders. The Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and direct the top students in the United States. It is specifically for students who aspire to be physicians or enter into the field of medical research, and helps to provide a path and mentorship for students to accom-plish those dreams. It takes place at the Uni-versity of Massachusetts over 3 days, and helps to spark meaningful dialogues and ex-changes of ideas between future leaders in the medical field. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants must be recommended by ei-ther a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Students must have a minimum of a 3.5 GPA, and represent all 50 states and Puerto Rico. It is an incredibly selective oppor-tunity, and those students who qualify for se-lection have done so because of their hard work and diligence to their studies, not to mention their impressive intellect. Mr. Speaker, John Crumpton, who attends Branson High School, has shown a level of excellence in academics and passion for science that leaves me fully confident that he will represent Missouri well at this Congress. I would like to extend my personal congratula-tions for his achievement, and on behalf of the 7th District of Missouri, I would like to thank him for representing our district. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TYRA PENTON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Tyra Penton, of Bedford, Iowa for being selected for the 2016 Upward Bound Math and Science Program Hall of Fame Award. The Northwest Missouri State University TRiO program created this Hall of Fame award to honor outstanding TRiO participants and to showcase the array of students within TRiO Programs. The TRiO Programs are fed-erally-funded programs dedicated to helping first generation, low-income students succeed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MY8.011 E17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE721 May 17, 2016 
in their precollege performance and ultimately in their higher education pursuits. Ms. Penton has shown the spirit, commitment and leader-ship necessary to be an outstanding award winner. She gives back to her community and maintains academic excellence. Tyra is the first recipient to be inducted into the Northwest TRiO Hall of Fame. Mr. Speaker, the example set by Tyra dem-onstrates the rewards of harnessing one’s tal-ents and sharing them with the world. Her ef-forts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent her, and Iowans like her, in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating Ms. Tyra Penton for her achievements and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM HARVEY PRITCHETT 
HON. ROBERT HURT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I submit these remarks to commemorate the life of Wil-liam Harvey Pritchett of Pittsylvania County, Virginia, who passed away May 7, 2016 at age 88. Mr. Pritchett was a man who believed in service to God, family, community and coun-try. He was a faithful member of Bethel Baptist Church where he taught Sunday School and served as Sunday School Superintendent. Mr. Pritchett also served as a Deacon, a Trustee, Choir, and Chorus Member and in various other committee and leadership capacities both inside and outside of the church. Mr. Pritchett, a native of Danville, graduated from Langston High School, attended Danville Community College, and earned his associ-ate’s degree in business from Christian Broth-ers College in Memphis, Tennessee. He also served our country for two years in the United States Army during World War II. Mr. Pritchett retired as a District Manager for Universal Life Insurance Company, where he worked for twenty five years. Mr. Pritchett was the first African-American to serve on the Pittsylvania County Board of Supervisors and was a man who inspired many others to public service. He held the Banister District Supervisor seat for 20 years—first elected in 1991 and serving five terms before retiring in 2011. Mr. Pritchett also served six years as Vice Chairman and chaired the Board of Supervisors in 1996. Mr. Pritchett was a strong advocate for edu-cation and establishing a local recreation de-partment in Pittsylvania County; he served as president of the Dan River-Blairs Civic League, served on the Pittsylvania County So-cial Services board, served as the President of the Chief Elected Officials of the Workforce In-vestment Act, and Chaired the Dan River Business Development Center Board. Mr. Pritchett is fondly remembered by all of his compatriots, including his successor, Pittsylvania County Board of Supervisors Chairman Jessie Barksdale, who stated, ‘‘It was very obvious to me that Mr. Pritchett just had a passion to help other people [. . .] If not for Mr. Pritchett, I am positive I would not have run for office of any kind.’’ On the occasion of the passing of William Harvey Pritchett, I ask that the Members of this House of Representatives join with me and the entire Pritchett family including his wife of 63 years, Lillie G. Pritchett, son Cedric Pritchett, brother Nelson Pritchett, and the community of Pittsylvania County, Virginia in honoring the memory of a great leader. f 
MONROE SHOCKS AND STRUTS 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. TIM WALBERG 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 100th anniversary of Monroe Shocks and Struts—founded in Monroe, Michi-gan. In 1916, a humble mechanic and inventor, August F. Meyer, established Brisk Blast Man-ufacturing Company as a solution to combat frequent flat tires. Under the leadership of Mr. Meyer, Brisk Blast quickly became a leading producer of tire pumps. Two years later, Mr. Meyer partnered with Charles McIntyre, and the growing enterprise became Monroe Auto Equipment Company. The business soon perfected the first self- oiled, single-barreled tire pump, which in-creased sales to over two million a year. In 1926, the first Monroe shock eliminator was introduced and quickly became one of the best known shock absorbers in the world, used by the majority of American automobile makers through the 1950s. The emergent company soon became a world leader, as Monroe expanded internation-ally to Europe in 1964, Japan, Australia, and Mexico in 1972, and South America in 1974. Monroe was then purchased by global manu-facturer Tenneco Inc. in 1977 and developed into the leading supplier to North American, Asian and European vehicle manufacturers. Today, Monroe has cemented itself as the global leader in ride control, having introduced products such as Sensa-Trac, Reflex, and the popular Quick-Strut units. Most notably, the innovative company still engineers and manufactures its products in North America, maintaining its global leader-ship as a domestic manufacturer. By partnering with a talented and highly com-mitted workforce, Monroe is the predominant brand of vehicle ‘‘ride control’’ products. I offer my best wishes to my constituents and friends at Monroe Shocks and Struts as they continue to provide motorists across the globe with safety and control. 
f 
HONORING MARBLE BREWERY 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Marble Brewery on their impressive showing during the 2016 World Beer Cup awards. The Brewers Association hosts the World Beer Cup every two years, a competition which features over 200 judges for over 90 categories of beer. Large and small breweries throughout the globe enter this prestigious event. Two years ago I had the privilege of hon-oring Marble Brewery for their first place finish out of 59 entries in the Kellerbier or Zwickelbier category. I am honored to be able to recognize Marble Brewery again for winning Bronze in the same category at this year’s competition. Indeed, Marble Brewery beat out 67 other entries from around the world with their outstanding pilsner. Marble Brewery was founded in Albu-querque in 2008 by Tim Rice, Jeff Jinnett, and John Gozigian. Since opening, they have ex-panded rapidly in New Mexico with an excep-tional selection of beer. Today Marble Brew-ery’s beers are already staples in restaurants and bars throughout our state, as well as in Colorado, and parts of Arizona. Marble Brewery is a manifestation of the power of local businesses to provide jobs and services to our community. Mr. Speaker, the First Congressional District of New Mexico is lucky to have such a wonderful and world class brewery in downtown Albuquerque. I wish Marble Brewery years of continued suc-cess and look forward to hearing about their future achievements. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO DANIEL F. EVANS, JR. FOR HIS 13 YEARS OF OUTSTANDING SERVICE AS PRESIDENT OF IU HEALTH 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dan Evans, Jr. on the oc-casion of his retirement. Since 2002, Dan has served as the President and CEO of IU Health. In his 13 years as the system’s Presi-dent and CEO, Dan has overseen the expan-sion of the IU Health system from three hos-pitals in downtown Indianapolis to a unified statewide health system of nearly 20 hospitals and health centers that treat more than 2.5 million patients a year. The people of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District are forever grateful for Dan’s commitment and dedication to the health of all Hoosiers. Dan has a long history of devoting his time to bettering the lives of Hoosiers. Before en-tering the healthcare field, he received his J.D. in 1976 from the Indiana University School of Law. After receiving his degree, Dan worked as an attorney for Baker & Daniels LLP, now known as FaegreBD, in Indianapolis. In No-vember 2002, he started the beginning of an incredibly successful career as President of In-diana University Health. Since then, Dan has shown exceptional leadership and has played an integral role in transforming IU Health into the outstanding health system it is today. Throughout his tenure leading IU Health, Dan was instrumental in ensuring the hos-pital’s continued growth and success. IU Health has long been a strong hospital sys-tem, but under Dan’s leadership IU Health has grown into one of the leading hospitals in the state and nation. IU Health has consistently been included in the notable U.S. News & World Report’s annual ‘‘Best Hospitals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MY8.018 E17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE722 May 17, 2016 
Ranking’’ as the number one hospital in the state of Indiana. He made significant additions to IU Health including the opening of the world-class IU Health Melvin and Bren Simon Cancer Center, the IU Health Neuroscience Center, and the Riley Hospital for Children Simon Family Tower. He also played an active role in the recently announced plan for a re-gional academic health campus in Bloom-ington, which will focus on advanced research into producing innovative treatments. Addition-ally, he helped secure a $1 billion investment for a new adult academic health center in downtown Indianapolis. Dan is well-known for his advocacy work at both the state and federal levels, taking time to speak with legislators about wellness pro-grams, high-quality and accessible healthcare, the Healthy Indiana Plan, and the Graduate Medical Education program. His commitment to serving the healthcare needs of the low-in-come and underserved communities resulted in IU Health contributing more than $5.8 billion in community benefit and investment during his thirteen years at IU Health. He has also displayed continued dedication to his relation-ship with the United Methodist Church by fa-cilitating the addition of United Methodist lead-ers to the hospital boards throughout the IU health system. As a well-known leader in the healthcare sector, Dan has been selected to serve on a variety of prestigious community, academic, and healthcare related boards and commit-tees, including the Indiana Health Information Exchange, the University HealthSystem Con-sortium, Central Indiana Corporate Partner-ship, the Indianapolis and Indiana Chambers of Commerce as well as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Additionally, he serves as chair-man of the Indiana Hospital Association and is a member of the bars of Indiana, the Seventh Circuit, and the U.S. Supreme Court. Dan’s commitment to the highest standard of care and success as a leader has not gone unnoticed; he has received numerous acco-lades throughout his years in the healthcare industry. Most recently, Dan was awarded the 2015 Indiana Hospital Association’s Distin-guished Service Award for his exceptional leadership and devotion to his organization. Dan leaves behind a strong legacy at IU Health and big shoes to fill. I am thrilled to hear he plans to remain active in the Indianap-olis community and will have more time to par-take in his favorite hobby, golf. On behalf of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District, I’d like to congratulate Dan on his remarkable career and extend a huge thank you for all of the wonderful contributions he has made to IU Health and the Hoosier community. I wish the very best to Dan, his wife, Marilyn, and their 4 children as he enjoys a well-deserved retire-ment. HONORING WYATT BOWEN ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NA-TIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCI-ENTISTS AS A DELEGATE TO THE CONGRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Wyatt Bowen, of Pierce City, Missouri, who has been accepted by the National Acad-emy of Future Physicians and Medical Sci-entists as a delegate to the Congress of Fu-ture Medical Leaders. The Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and direct the top students in the United States. It is specifically for students who aspire to be physicians or enter into the field of medical research, and helps to provide a path and mentorship for students to accom-plish those dreams. It takes place at the Uni-versity of Massachusetts over 3 days, and helps to spark meaningful dialogues and ex-changes of ideas between future leaders in the medical field. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants must be recommended by ei-ther a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Students must have a minimum of a 3.5 GPA and represent all 50 states and Puerto Rico. It is an incredibly selective oppor-tunity, and those students who qualify for se-lection have done so because of their hard work and diligence to their studies, not to mention their impressive intellect. Mr. Speaker, Wyatt Bowen, who attends Pierce City High School, has dedicated him-self to his studies and exhibited a passion for health and medical studies, and will soon be representing the future of the state of Missouri at this conference. I would like to extend my personal congratulations for his achievement, and on behalf of the 7th District of Missouri, I would like to thank him for his representation of our district. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOYCE AND HAROLD ROCHHOLZ 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Joyce and Har-old Rochholz on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. Joyce and Harold were married on May 16, 1956, residing in Casey, Iowa. They are the proud parents of three children, Kathy, Kristy and Jeff. They also have eight grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren. Harold and Joyce’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa’s values. I salute this lovely couple on their 60 years of life together and I wish them many more. As the years pass, may their mar-riage continue to strengthen and may they continue to love, cherish, and honor one an-other. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous oc-casion. f 
IN HONOR OF EASTER SEALS CAMP ASCCA’S 40TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention to recognize the 40th Anniversary of the Easter Seals Camp ASCCA—Alabama’s Special Camp for Chil-dren and Adults. The mission of Camp ASCCA is to help eli-gible children and adults with disabilities and/ or health impairments achieve equality, dignity and maximum independence through the camp experience including therapeutic recre-ation and education. The camp provides a safe and supportive environment for its campers and encourages each of them to meet and overcome new chal-lenges. Camp ASCCA has been providing this camping and outdoor recreation experience since 1976 and is the only program of its kind in the great State of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the 40th Anniversary of Easter Seals Camp ASCCA and thanking them for their service to these deserving individuals. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,199,894,125,074.04. We’ve added $8,573,017,076,160.96 to our debt in 7 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present for votes taken yesterday, Monday, May 16, due to a family health emergency. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Roll Call Vote Number 194 (Passage of H.R. 4743, the National Cybersecurity Pre-paredness Consortium Act of 2016): Yes. Roll Call Vote Number 195 (Passage of H.R. 4407, the Counterterrorism Advisory Board Act of 2016): Yes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17MY8.022 E17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE723 May 17, 2016 
TRIBUTE TO JOAN WASKE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mrs. Joan Waske for being named the Lady Star of the Year in Afton, Iowa. Joan is an active mother, grandmother and community member. She plays the organ at St. Edward Catholic Church, volunteers at the Afton Care Center and participates with senior activities at the local community center. She also co-owned and managed a farm with her husband Joe, while raising eleven children. Joan cooked, sewed, wrote poetry and made certain that music was always in their home. Mr. Speaker, Joan Waske is an Iowan who has served her family, her church and her community with dignity and determination. It is with great honor that I recognize her today. I ask that my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in congratulating Joan Waske for this award and in wishing her continued health and happiness. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2016 FINALISTS SELECTED IN THE 24TH CON-GRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS ART COMPETITION 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I am privi-leged to recognize the following high school students from the 24th Congressional District of Texas who were selected as finalists from this year’s entries in the Congressional Art Competition: Lindsay Arnolds, ‘‘Umbrella Summer’’; Eu-nice Choe, ‘‘Traditional’’; Erin Crumpler, ‘‘Birds of Coppell: Finch/Hawk/Robin’’; Nicole Crumpler, ‘‘Orchids/Frodo/Japanese Water Gardens’’; Sabrina Del Rosario, ‘‘Mr. Horn’’; Paloma Diaz, ‘‘Texas Born and Raised’’; Kiana Fernandez, ‘‘Somewhere Else in Blue’’; Katie Gibbs, ‘‘Pieces of My Heart’’; Morgan Glover, ‘‘Texas Skies’’; Grant Gosser, ‘‘America’s Spir-it’’; Hannah Gosser, ‘‘Grant Playing Pool’’; Megha Goyal, ‘‘Hope’’; Hannah Javens, ‘‘Let Them Drown’’; Habesh Kisanga, ‘‘Collisions’’; Gabriel Ko, ‘‘Matilda Taking Me around Dal-las’’; Ethan Lee, ‘‘Still Life of Canteen and Lantern’’; Mahir Morar, ‘‘Drumlines/Slight of Hand’’; Jeongho Park, ‘‘The Bucking Horse’’; Kate Sheedy, ‘‘Nausea’’; Morgan Sickman, ‘‘Summer Spirit/Collage’’; Kate Snow, ‘‘Road Home’’; Sarah Verheul, ‘‘Sarah’s Bike’’; Alex-andra Wilson, ‘‘Two Tulips’’; Katherine Yut, ‘‘Poised for Flight/Independence Day’’. The art competition was represented by a variety of high schools in the 24th District, and I am honored at this time to acknowledge the participating schools and the students’ art teachers: Summer Neimann & Eric Horn, Carroll Sen-ior High School; Holly Hendrix, Carrollton Christian Academy; Tamera Westervelt, Coppell High School; Kinzie Harvell, Colleyville Covenant Christian; Bob Thomas, Creekview High School; Kathryn Borum, The Highlands School; Beka Johnson, Parish Epis-copal School; Brenda Robson, Prestonwood Christian Academy; Steve Ko, Steve Ko Art Studio; Beth Ritter-Perry, Townview Magnet School; Sue Traver, Trinity High School; Sharice Willliams, Uplift North Hills Pre-paratory. Mr. Speaker, I ask all my distinguished col-leagues to join me in congratulating these ex-ceptional high school artists on becoming fi-nalists in the 24th Congressional District of Texas Art Competition. f 
HONORING NEXUS BREWERY 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Nexus Brewery on their triumph during the 2016 World Beer Cup awards. The Brewers Association hosts the World Beer Cup every two years, a competition which features over 200 judges for over 90 categories of beer. Large and small breweries throughout the globe enter this prestigious event. I am honored to know that Albuquerque, New Mexico’s very own Nexus Brewery re-ceived the Gold in the Honey Beer category, for their Honey Chamomile Wheat, out of a total of 55 entries from around the world. Nexus head brewer, Kaylynn McNight ex-plained, ‘‘I’m also very proud of it because it’s my own recipe. It’s one of the first seasonal beers that I made here that turned into a house beer.’’ As a small locally owned manufacturing and service business, Nexus Brewery represents the prosperity of a burgeoning local craft beer industry in New Mexico. Nexus Brewery is a testament to the contributions small busi-nesses make to our country and communities and the idea that with hard work and dedica-tion nothing is unattainable. To this day lawyers, government officials, business leaders, political icons, artists and students continue to enjoy exquisite beers in Nexus’ friendly atmosphere. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this moment to recognize Nexus Brewery for their accomplishments in the 2016 World Beer Cup competition and commitment to our community at large. I am proud to know that we have a great business located in the First Congressional District of New Mexico. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BARB AND LARRY RILEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mr. and Mrs. Larry and Barb Riley for being recog-nized with a Lifetime Leadership Award. They received this award as Main Street Iowa cele-brated 30 years of commitment to downtown and commercial district revitalization. Barb and Larry Riley received this award which recognized ‘‘inspirational leadership and volunteers who have made significant con-tributions to the local Main Street Programs’ mission.’’ The Rileys work hard to make Greenfield, Iowa a great place to live and work. They volunteer with numerous organiza-tions and with the school district as well as help with community clean-up programs. Mr. Speaker, Barb and Larry Riley are Iowans who have served their community of Greenfield, Iowa. It is with great honor that I recognize them today. I ask that my col-leagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in congratulating Barb and Larry Riley for receiving the Lifetime Leadership Award and wish them continued health and happi-ness. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RANDY HULTGREN 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 195, I was unavoidably detained during the roll call vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Aye.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING E. ROBERT GOODKIND 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize my constituent and friend, E. Robert Goodkind, of Rye, New York, for his more than 60 years of service to the American Jew-ish community and in particular for his vision-ary leadership of the American Jewish Com-mittee. Mr. Goodkind grew up in Lawrence, New York and attended Woodmere Academy, where he developed an interest in government and international relations. As an under-graduate at Princeton University, Bob also nourished a commitment to Jewish values and the State of Israel. He graduated from Harvard Law School and led a successful career in pri-vate practice, crafting an expertise in cor-porate law, trusts and estates, and charitable organizations law. After marrying Barbara, his devoted wife, and raising three children, Bob increased his involvement with Jewish civic and cultural life, by joining the American Jewish Committee, where he quickly assumed a leadership role in mobilizing action in support of human rights, promoting interfaith dialogue, and advancing universal standards of decency. In the 1990’s, Bob spearheaded the forma-tion of the Jewish Foundation for Christian Rescuers, to provide financial support to aged and needy righteous gentiles, who had res-cued Jews during the Holocaust. From 2004 to 2007, Bob served as National President of the American Jewish Committee, during which time he traveled the world on be-half of the AJC, engaging with leaders and speaking out against human rights violations, intolerance, and injustice. He was also a pas-sionate advocate for Israel in the halls of the United States Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MY8.028 E17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE724 May 17, 2016 
On both the local and national level, Bob has worked to strengthen mutual under-standing and relations between Jews and Afri-can Americans, both of whose histories have been shaped by oppression and bigotry. Throughout his life, Bob Goodkind has per-sonified the core Jewish value of Tikkun Olam—the enduring charge to perfect the world. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me today in honoring his exceptional life of devotion to the causes of humanity, brother-hood, and the American Jewish community. 
f 
HONORING KELSIE ELLINGSWORTH ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCI-ENTISTS AS A DELEGATE TO THE CONGRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Clever High School student Kelsie Ellingsworth, of Clever, Missouri, on her being accepted as a delegate to the Congress of Fu-ture Medical Leaders by the National Acad-emy of Future Physicians and Medical Sci-entists. The Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and direct the top students in the United States. Specifically, it’s designed for students aspiring to become physicians or medical researchers, and provides a path and mentorship for students to accomplish their goals. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants are either recommended by a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Delegates represent all 50 states plus Puerto Rico, and must have a minimum 3.5 GPA. Students like Ellingsworth who qualify for this incredibly selective honor exemplify top-tier diligence and academic talent. Mr. Speaker, Kelsie Ellingsworth has not only excelled in her academics, but has shown a passion for science and medicine that will serve her future aspirations well. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating her for this achievement. On behalf of Missouri’s Sev-enth Congressional District, I wish Kelsie the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DEBBIE AND DALE MENNING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Debbie and Dale Menning for being recognized with a Lifetime Leadership Award. They received this award as Main Street Iowa celebrated 30 years of commitment to downtown and com-mercial district revitalization. Debbie and Dale Menning received this award which recognized ‘‘inspirational leader-ship and volunteers who have made signifi-cant contributions to the local Main Street Pro-grams’ mission.’’ The Mennings assisted with Guthrie Center, Iowa’s initial application to be-come a Main Street community. They are heavily involved with Main Street Iowa com-mittees and the work that is involved in mak-ing this Main Street Iowa community success-ful. Mr. Speaker, Debbie and Dale Menning are Iowans who have served their community of Guthrie Center, Iowa. It is with great honor that I recognize them today. I ask that my col-leagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in honoring the Mennings for receiving the Lifetime Leadership Award and wish them continued health and happiness. f 
HONORING ROBERT MAYERSOHN 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Robert Mayersohn, who is being honored for receiving the ‘‘Champion of Stu-dents’’ award by Broward County Public Schools. This prestigious award is given to an outstanding individual who advocates for stu-dents on the occasion of Broward County Public Schools’ 100th anniversary. Mr. Mayersohn is a graduate of Syracuse University, and has a distinguished record of outstanding service to his community. He has protected the needs of students as an experi-enced education advocate, surrogate parent and guardian ad litem. Mr. Mayersohn is also a successful entrepreneur and small business owner. He has a long history of civic and com-munity involvement. For nearly two decades, Mayersohn has fought on behalf of parents, teachers and students to improve the public schools of Broward County. He has served as the Chair of the Broward County School Par-ent ESE Advisory Council and is a current Ex-ecutive Board Member of the Broward County Council of PTAs/PTSAs. His tireless work in support of local students is truly impressive and worthy of recognition. Throughout his career in education and pub-lic service, Robert Mayersohn has shown him-self to be an outstanding leader in his commu-nity. I am pleased to join the Broward County Public Schools in honoring Mr. Mayersohn for his ongoing commitment to excellence and distinguished service to our community. 
f 
HONORING SECOND STREET BREWING 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Second Street Brewing on their tremendous success during the 2016 World Beer Cup awards. The Brewers Association hosts the World Beer Cup every two years, a competition which features over 200 judges for over 90 categories of beer. Large and small breweries throughout the globe enter this prestigious event. I am honored to know that Albuquerque, New Mexico’s very own Second Street Brew-ing received the Silver in the Imperial India Pale Ale category, for their Trebuchet Imperial India Pale Ale, out of a total of 181 entries from around the world. Second Street Presi-dent and Brewmaster, Rod Tweet, explained, ‘‘It’s well known that Imperial IPA is an ex-tremely competitive category, and with 181 en-tries this year, it was the second largest in the contest. Our Brewing team is really proud of the award.’’ Second Street Brewing was founded in 1996 and today brews 60 unique styles of ales and lagers. As a small locally owned manufac-turing and service business Second Street Brewing represents the prosperity of a bur-geoning local craft beer industry in New Mex-ico. Second Street Brewing is a testament to the contributions small businesses make to our country and communities and the idea that with hard work and dedication nothing is unat-tainable. To this day lawyers, government officials, business leaders, political icons, artists and students continue to enjoy exquisite beers in Second Street’s friendly atmosphere. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this moment to recognize Second Street Brewing for their ac-complishments in the 2016 World Beer Cup competition and commitment to our community at large. I am proud to know that we have a great business located in the First Congres-sional District of New Mexico. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. J. RANDY FORBES 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, due to the re-cent passing of my mother I was unable to cast my vote yesterday on two important pieces of legislation. Had I been in the cham-ber I would have voted YES on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and pass the National Cy-bersecurity Preparedness Consortium Act of 2016, H.R. 4743, and YES on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and pass the Counterter-rorism Advisory Board Act of 2016, H.R. 4407. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE MARION HIGH SCHOOL BOYS’ BASKET-BALL TEAM ON THEIR EIGHTH STATE CHAMPIONSHIP TITLE 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Marion High School Boys’ Basketball team for winning the Indiana Boys’ Basketball Class 3A State Championship. The Marion High School Gi-ants, hailing from Marion in Grant County, de-feated the Evansville Bosse Bulldogs in an historic game. This state title is a momentous win for the Giants, as it marks their 8th con-secutive state championship title, which ties the record for most consecutive wins in Indi-ana boys’ basketball history. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MY8.033 E17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE725 May 17, 2016 
The Giants played in the spotlight of the IHSAA throughout this impressive season. Under the leadership of Head Coach James Blackmon, the team finished the season with a remarkable record of 23–7. Coach Blackmon, who is a Marion High School grad-uate and had an impressive basketball career himself, returned to Marion to coach the team in 2013. Coach Blackmon leads by example and inspires his players with his coaching and character. He works tirelessly to motivate, train, and push his team to dream big and reach their goals. As the daughter of a high school football coach, I understand the tireless dedication, time commitment, and personal sacrifices required to lead young athletes to victory, and I applaud Coach Blackmon’s dedi-cation to excellence. While their 8th consecutive state title is mo-mentous on its own, what the Giants basket-ball team accomplished during the state cham-pionship was even more extraordinary than that. The Giants broke records for highest combined 3-point field goal percentage, most points scored in a quarter, scoring 31 points in the 3rd quarter alone, and most points in a half, scoring 48 points total in the second half. In addition to the Giants’ significant team ac-complishments, individuals from the team were acknowledged for their outstanding con-tributions and accomplishments. Senior Reggie Jones tied the record for highest indi-vidual free-throw percentage, making 100 per-cent of his free throws during the state cham-pionship game. Reggie was also named the Chronicle-Tribune’s Boys Basketball Player of the Year, selected to be one of Hoosier Bas-ketball Magazine’s Top 60 Senior Boys’ Bas-ketball Players, and was chosen for the IBCA/ Subway Senior All-State Team. Additionally, Reggie, along with senior teammate Vijay Blackmon and junior Tim Leavell were se-lected to play on the All-NCC 1st team. Throughout the years, the Giants have dem-onstrated incredible dedication to their sport— putting in countless hours on the court and the weight room. They have been supported by their committed parents, coaches, and train-ers. High school sports are a special experi-ence. They teach discipline, build character, and allow young men and women to have an experience they will remember for a lifetime. This team exemplifies the wonderful attributes that high school sports teach, and I am proud to represent such a hardworking and highly re-garded group of young men and coaches. On behalf of Indiana’s 5th Congressional District, I’d like to extend huge congratulations to the Marion High School Boys’ Basketball Team. I look forward to cheering the team on through another great season next year and send my best wishes as the Giants work to-ward breaking the record for most consecutive wins. Go Giants. 
f 
HONORING THE PERMIAN BASIN HONOR FLIGHT 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the 90 Veterans from West Texas who will be visiting our Washington D.C. this week, sponsored by the Permian Basin Honor Flight. On behalf of a grateful state and nation, we welcome these heroes to the nation’s capital. The Veterans on this Honor Flight are: Rich-ard Galloway, Darrell Sanders, Clinton Adams, Mike Barber, Jerry Pinkston, SFC Aaron Her-nandez, Dennis Sever, Jimmy L. Fine, Benny B. Fine, Alejos Rios Lara, Ira E. Wilson, Larry J. Monroe, Helen A. Bird, Jackie Lee Voss, Gary Clayton Collinsworth, Charles R. Ses-sions, Jimmy G. George, James R. Priest, Lowell D. Wade Jr., Horace L. Bowden, Mar-garet Voisel Forster, Larry K. Bagley, Donald E. Gorden Jr., Domingo Carrizales, James Mil-ler, Paul W. Janssen, David P. Brockman, Robert L. Neff, James H. Silvers, Robert S. Thames, Bobbie R. Kerrigan, Rolland L. Rose, Gary W. Ward, Roscoe C. Haynes, Leonard C. Martinez, Donald R. Price, Luis R. Lopez, Gene A. Roberts, Melvin M. Longwell Jr., James H. Shaw, Ricky A. Warnick, Curtis D. McClain, Billie G. Mathis, James F. Kemper, Billie Ray Norman, Willard C. Walker, Jerome J. Engler, Stephen L. McConnell, Dock R. Clark, David H. Box, John W. Calhoun, Gar-land D. Pearce, Charles R. McMillian, Thomas E. Mindling, John Gutierez Alderete, David A. Dixon, Robert L. Kasper, Warren J. Lange, James V. Yakshaw, Tom D. Dodd, William E. Halfmann, Donald E. McClure, Johnny A. Wright, Robert C. Schlagal, Steven D. Rea, Juan Tarin, David Madrid, John M. Williams, Ronnie M. Nunley, Richard Cotte, Mark D. Kator, Jimmie K. Matthews, Milton R. Williamson, James L. White, Robert L. Teters, Steven W. Wagner, Roberto Martinez, Michael G. Roquemore, Mark E. Webb, Harry A. Spannaus, James W. Huston, Michael D. Jackson, Kenneth D. Carte, Michael W. Griffis, John R. Hayes, Edward Comacho, and Duane Janssen. Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to have the op-portunity to meet these brave men and women who exemplify the best of our country. Their sacrifice and commitment to the duty to our nation can never be fully repaid, and I hope that when they visit our nation’s monuments in Washington D.C., the gratitude and respect we have for them will truly be reflected. Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking these veterans and their families for their ex-emplary dedication and service to this great nation. I would also like to extend a special thank you to the local communities, all of the volunteers, and Mr. John West and Ms. Te-resa Galloway for their extensive work in orga-nizing this Honor Flight. This trip would not have been possible without all the financial and emotional support of the people who have put in so much hard work and personal time to make sure this trip could be possible. f 
HONORING COLONEL DOUGLAS J. SCHWARTZ 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great Hoosier and a highly decorated American Airman. Colonel Douglas J. Schwartz of the United States Air Force, retired on May 14, 2016 from his post as Commander of the 434th Air Re-fueling Wing based at Grissom Air Reserve Base in Miami County, Indiana. The 434th Air Refueling Wing is the largest KC–135R Stratotanker unit in the Air Force Reserve Command. Colonel Schwartz received his commission through Officer Training School in 1981 as a graduate from Purdue University, earning a Bachelor of Science degree in management. He began pilot training at Williams Air Force Base in Arizona, and was assigned to the 325th Bomb Squadron at Fairchild Air Force Base in Washington state. He transferred to the Air Force Reserve in 1992, where he flew KC–135R Stratotankers with the 72nd Air Re-fueling Squadron at Grissom Air Reserve Base. Prior to taking command at Grissom, Colonel Schwartz served as commander of the 927th Air Refueling Wing based at MacDill Air Force Base in Florida. Colonel Schwartz has numerous command and leadership assignments at the squadron, wing and numbered air force level including assistant chief pilot, chief of standardization and evaluation, operations officer, flight com-mander, detachment commander, group com-mander, vice commander, director of staff and wing commander. He is a command pilot with more than 4,200 flying hours and has de-ployed in support of Operations Joint Endeav-or, Iraqi Freedom and Enduring Freedom, amongst others. I sincerely thank Colonel Schwartz for his amazing leadership at Grissom over the last two years and wish him many clear skies ahead. f 
TRIBUTE TO ELAINE AND VIRGIL HILDEBRAND 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Elaine and Virgil Hildebrand of Hancock, Iowa, on the very spe-cial occasion of their 70th wedding anniver-sary. They celebrated their anniversary on March 23, 2016. Virgil and Elaine reside on their farm in Hancock. Virgil and Elaine’s lifelong commitment to each other and their children, Bill, Janice, Joyce, and the late JoAnn truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 70th anni-versary, I know it is filled with happy memories and continued hope for their future years to-gether. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 70th year together and I wish them many more years of happiness. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
DR. JOHN THUSS 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. John Thuss of Caldwell County, North Carolina. On behalf of the people of Western North Carolina, I would like to thank Dr. Thuss for his dedication to the residents of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MY8.039 E17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE726 May 17, 2016 
Caldwell County and congratulate him on his retirement after so many years of service. Over his 16 years of service as a Caldwell County Commissioner, Dr. Thuss presided over several critical projects vital to the eco-nomic, educational, and conservation interests of the people of Caldwell County. He was in-strumental in the designation and preservation of Wilson Creek as a Wild and Scenic River and has demonstrated his commitment to ex-panding educational opportunities through his work establishing the Caldwell Early College High School and Caldwell Career Center Mid-dle College. Dr. Thuss’ concern for public edu-cation is further evidenced by his support for West Caldwell High School athletics and Com-munities in Schools, the nation’s largest and most effective dropout prevention program. During his time on the Board of Directors of the Caldwell County Chamber of Commerce, Dr. Thuss has been a vocal supporter of local businesses and economic development throughout Caldwell County. He is a former member of the North Carolina Board of Health and a former member of the Human Resource Committee of the National Association of County Officials. After a year of service as an at-large member of the Board of Directors of the North Carolina Association of County Commissioners (NCACC), Dr. Thuss was hon-ored as the NCACC’s Outstanding Commis-sioner of the Year. Dr. John Thuss is a model public servant whose work for his community has earned him respect and gratitude across Western North Carolina. I am proud to honor Dr. John Thuss for his long service to Caldwell County and sincerely express the gratitude and best wish-es of the people of North Carolina as he en-ters retirement. 
f 
HONORING CANTEEN BREWHOUSE 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Canteen Brewhouse on their achievement dur-ing the 2016 World Beer Cup awards. The Brewers Association hosts the World Beer Cup every two years, a competition which features over 200 judges for over 90 categories of beer. Large and small breweries throughout the globe enter this prestigious event. I am honored to know that Albuquerque, New Mexico’s very own Canteen Brewhouse received the Silver in the Bohemian-Style Pil-sner category, for their High Plains Pils, out of a total of 65 entries from around the world. Canteen Brewhouse was founded in Albu-querque in 1994 as the Il Vincino Brewing Company. Over the past 20 years their beers have become staples in our state and have gone on to win over 140 local, national, and international awards. In 2014, Il Vincino Brew-ing Company updated its name to Canteen Brewhouse. As a small locally owned manufacturing and service business Canteen Brewhouse rep-resents the prosperity of a burgeoning local craft beer industry in New Mexico. Canteen Brewhouse is a testament to the contributions small businesses make to our country and communities and the idea that with hard work and dedication nothing is unattainable. To this day lawyers, government officials, business leaders, political icons, artists and students continue to enjoy exquisite beers in Canteen Brewhouse’s friendly atmosphere. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this moment to recognize Canteen Brewhouse for their ac-complishments in the 2016 World Beer Cup competition and commitment to our community at large. I am proud to know that we have a great business located in the First Congres-sional District of New Mexico. f 
HONORING NORMA HARRIS ON BEING ACCEPTED BY THE NA-TIONAL ACADEMY OF FUTURE PHYSICIANS AND MEDICAL SCI-ENTISTS AS A DELEGATE TO THE CONGRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Neosho High School student Norma Harris on her being accepted as a delegate to the Congress of Future Medical Leaders by the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. The Congress of Future Medical Leaders is an honors-only program that is designed to motivate and direct the top students in the United States. Specifically, it’s designed for students aspiring to become physicians or medical researchers, and provides a path and mentorship for students to accomplish their goals. To be considered for acceptance as a dele-gate, applicants are either recommended by a teacher or member of the Academy based on a proven track record of academic excellence. Delegates represent all 50 states plus Puerto Rico, and must have a minimum 3.5 GPA. Students like Harris who qualify for this incred-ibly selective honor exemplify top-tier diligence and academic talent. Mr. Speaker, as a perennial Honor Roll stu-dent at her high school, Norma Harris has dis-played elite academic qualifications, which will undoubtedly serve her future aspirations well. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating her for this achievement. On behalf of Missouri’s Seventh Congressional District, I wish Norma the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
f 
IN HONOR OF L AVERNE JACKSON 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mrs. LaVerne Guice Chatmon Jackson of Columbus, Georgia on her 97th birthday on May 17, 2016. Mrs. Jack-son has been an outstanding member of the community through her work as a nurse for 37 years and her service to numerous civic and charitable organizations. LaVerne Guice was born in Birmingham, Alabama on May 17, 1919. She came from a large family of six children. Her father, Thom-as Jefferson Guice, was a blacksmith for the Frisco railroad for many years and her mother, Minnie Waters Guice, was a teacher for over forty years. In 1936, Mrs. Jackson graduated from In-dustrial High School (now A.H. Parker High School) in Birmingham, Alabama. She earned a degree from the Norwood School of Nursing, also located in Birmingham. Mrs. Jackson con-tinued her education at the University of Chi-cago, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Miles College, and Tuskegee In-stitute (now University). Mrs. Jackson’s Christian faith has been im-portant to her since a young age when she chose to become baptized at Sardis Baptist Church in Birmingham. When she married the late Warren Pete Chatmon, II, she became a member of Green Liberty Baptist Church, where she served on the Usher Board and in the Young Matrons, and sang in the choir. Mrs. Jackson was able to touch many lives during her 37 years as a Public Health Nurse for the Jefferson County Department of Health in Birmingham. During those years, she worked in a variety of capacities, helping to heal people of all ages and from all walks of life. When she retired in 1984, she said, ‘‘One could not have had a more rewarding career; to have the responsibility of promoting health and wellbeing is in itself rewarding for it has not only affected the present population but it will have an impact on future generations as well. You can be assured that I will continue to work in our community promoting health and wellbeing, for the nurse in me will never retire.’’ In 1986, Mrs. Jackson, then a widow, de-cided to move to Columbus, Georgia to re-unite with her childhood sweetheart, the late CW4 Lawton W. Jackson. Mrs. Jackson and her husband became active members of the First African Baptist Church in Columbus. Mrs. Jackson quickly fell in love with her new city and volunteered much of her time to better the Columbus community. She served in the Metro Columbus Urban League, United Negro College Fund, American Heart Associa-tion, American Diabetes Association, March of Dimes, Lindsay Creek Association, Girl Scouts of America, Columbus Health Fair, and the Columbus Community Center. Mrs. Jackson also served the Fort Benning community as President, Vice President, and Chaplain of the Ladies Auxiliary of the Officer’s Wives Club and the Chattahoochee Valley Chapter of the Retired Officers Association. Her giving spirit, concern for others, and contributions to the community led to Mrs. Jackson’s induction into the Gracious Ladies of Georgia in 1995. Mrs. Jackson is also a charter member of the Xi Chapter of Chi Eta Phi Sorority, Inc. An active member for more than fifty years, Mrs. Jackson has served as president of both the Birmingham and Columbus chapters. On the national level, she served as the Dean of Pledges and South East Regional Director. Mrs. Jackson has lived a selfless and gen-erous life, serving as a nurse and volunteer. She has been blessed with two children, Gwendolyn Chatmon Corrin and Warren Pete Chatmon, III; ten grandchildren; six great- grandchildren; and two great-great-grand-children. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me and my wife, Vivian, in extending our best wishes to LaVerne G. Jackson on her 97th 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MY8.043 E17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE727 May 17, 2016 
birthday. As we celebrate another year of this outstanding citizen’s life, we would do well to follow the example of her legacy of striving to improve the quality of life of others. 
f 
HONORING BOSQUE BREWING 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Bosque Brewing on their achievement during the 2016 World Beer Cup awards. The Brewers Association hosts the World Beer Cup every two years, a competition which features over 200 judges for over 90 categories of beer. Large and small breweries throughout the globe enter this prestigious event. I am honored to know that Albuquerque, New Mexico’s very own Bosque Brewing re-ceived the Bronze in the Australian or Inter-national-Style Pale Ale category, for their Riverwalker IPA, out of a total of 84 entries from around the world. Bosque Brewing was founded in Albu-querque in October 2012. Since opening, they have expanded rapidly in New Mexico with an outstanding selection of beer. Although just four years old, Bosque Brewing’s beers are al-ready staples in restaurants and bars through-out our state. As a small locally owned manufacturing and service business Bosque Brewing represents the prosperity of a burgeoning local craft beer industry in New Mexico. Not only is Bosque Brewery a thriving business in the heart of downtown Albuquerque, but they are an active and engaged partner in our local community. Each month Bosque Brewery designates an ‘‘Adoption Brew’’ and donates $1 from every sale to the ABBA fund, an organization that extends 0 percent interest loans to families as-piring to adopt domestically and internation-ally. Bosque Brewery is a testament to the contributions small businesses make to our country and communities and the idea that with hard work and dedication nothing is unat-tainable. To this day lawyers, government officials, business leaders, political icons, artists and students continue to enjoy exquisite beers in Bosque’s friendly atmosphere. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this moment to recognize Bosque Brewery for their accomplishments in the 2016 World Beer Cup competition and commitment to our community at large. I am proud to know that we have a great business located in the First Congressional District of New Mexico. f 
TRIBUTE TO SHARON ANDERSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Sharon Anderson of Adair, Iowa for being named the 2015 Adair Citizen of the Year. Sharon was cited for her devotion to the community youth in Adair through her leader-ship in the children’s Christmas programs. She is a dedicated volunteer with WACKO (We Are Christ’s Kids on a Mission) organization, where they recently packaged meals for Out-reach, Inc. Sharon also provides music at the Anita Nursing Home each week. The award ceremony was held at the Good Shepherd Lu-theran Church in Adair where she was hon-ored among family and friends. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Sharon Anderson in the United States Con-gress. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating her on receiving this well-de-served award and wish her nothing but contin-ued success. 
f 
COMMEMORATING 60TH ANNIVER-SARY OF LANDMARK SUPREME COURT DECISION IN BROWN V. BOARD OF EDUCATION 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 17, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 62nd anniversary of the his-toric Supreme Court decision in Brown v. Board of Education, which overturned the doc-trine of ‘‘separate but equal’’ that had been the law of the land since 1896 when the Supreme Court decided Plessy v. Ferguson. In Brown v. Board of Education, the Su-preme Court declared that separate public schools for black and white Americans were unconstitutional. This unanimous decision sparked the move-ment toward desegregation of American insti-tutions and paved the way for the civil rights movement. On the anniversary of this landmark deci-sion, it is appropriate that we pay tribute to our ancestors who endured and lived through those days of crisis and challenge so that we could enjoy the right to vote, the right to equal protection of the law, and to enjoy the bless-ings of liberties. This historic case originated in Topeka, Kansas, and involved a black third-grader named Linda Brown, who had to walk one mile through a railroad switchyard to get to her black elementary school, even though a white elementary school was only seven blocks away. Linda’s father, Oliver Brown, tried to enroll her in the white elementary school, but the principal of the school refused. Brown went to McKinley Burnett, the head of Topeka’s branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and asked for help. The NAACP persuaded other black parents to join in a complaint and in 1951 the NAACP sought an injunction that would forbid the seg-regation of Topeka’s public schools. The U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas heard Brown’s case and refused to overrule the precedent of Plessy v. Ferguson which allowed separate but equal school sys-tems for blacks and whites. The case was taken to the Supreme Court on October 1, 1951 and set up one of the landmark cases in the history of the American justice system. The argument of the great civil rights law-yer, Thurgood Marshall of the NAACP, and counsel for plaintiff Brown won the day. On May 17, 1954, Chief Justice Earl Warren read the unanimous decision of the Supreme Court: We come then to the question presented: Does segregation of children in public schools solely on the basis of race, even though the physical facilities and other ‘‘tangible’’ factors may be equal, deprive the children of the minority group of equal edu-cational opportunities? We believe that it does. . . . We conclude that in the field of public education the doctrine of ‘separate but equal’ has no place. Separate educational facilities are inherently unequal. 
With those few words more than a century of racial discrimination and separation were dealt a great blow. It is up to us to preserve the hard-won gains of those who led the fight and won the case of Brown v. Board of Education. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A17MY8.046 E17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D518 Tuesday, May 17, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2833–S2914 Measures Introduced: Eight bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 2935–2942, and S. Res. 468.
                                                          Pages S2877–78 
Measures Reported: S. 2937, to authorize appropriations for the De-partment of State for fiscal year 2017.
           Page S2877 
Measures Passed: Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act: Sen-ate passed S. 2040, to deter terrorism, provide jus-tice for victims, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agree-ing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S2845–48 
Cornyn/Schumer Amendment No. 3945, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Pages S2847–48 
National Police Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 468, designating the week of May 15 through May 21, 2016, as ‘‘National Police Week’’.
   Pages S2910–11 
North Pacific Fisheries Convention Implementa-tion Act: Senate passed S. 1335, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of the High Seas Fisheries Resources in the North Pa-cific Ocean, as adopted at Tokyo on February 24, 2012, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                       Page S2911 
Collins (for Sullivan) Amendment No. 4003, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S2911 
Measures Considered: Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act—Agreement: Senate continued consideration of H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                Pages S2835–45, S2848–69 
Adopted: Collins (for King) Amendment No. 3934 (to Amendment No. 3896), to authorize the use of funds to carry out a matching program with the De-partment of Education to identify veterans who are unemployable due to a service-connected disability and who are also borrowers of Federal student loans in order to streamline and expedite the process through which such veterans may discharge their Federal student loans.                                              Page S2868 
Collins (for Rubio) Amendment No. 3918 (to Amendment No. 3896), to shorten the time given to a property owner to respond to a violation of a contract and the time given to the Secretary to de-velop a Compliance, Disposition, and Enforcement Plan.
                                                                                 Page S2868 
Collins (for Heller) Amendment No. 3905 (to Amendment No. 3896), to prohibit funds from being used to provide housing assistance benefits to individuals convicted of certain criminal offenses. 
                                                                                            Page S2868 
Collins (for Rubio) Amendment No. 3926 (to Amendment No. 3896), to determine the effective-ness of Real Estate Assessment Center physical in-spections.
                                                                        Page S2868 
Collins (for Manchin) Amendment No. 3961 (to Amendment No. 3896), to allow airports to use air-port improvement program funds to repair damage to runway safety areas caused by natural disasters. 
                                                                                    Pages S2868–69 
Collins (for Booker) Amendment No. 3941 (to Amendment No. 3896), to slightly modify the scope of projects eligible for railroad safety grants. 
                                                                                            Page S2869 
Kirk (for Tester/Kirk) Amendment No. 3914 (to Amendment No. 3896), to require the Comptroller General of the United States to submit to Congress a report evaluating force structure and military con-struction requirements in Europe.
                    Page S2869 
Kirk/Tester Amendment No. 3938 (to Amend-ment No. 3896), to make a technical correction to section 132 of title I of division J of Public Law 114–113.
                                                                        Page S2869 
Kirk (for Heller) Amendment No. 3948 (to Amendment No. 3896), to modify the contents of the quarterly report on disability compensation claims.
                                                                             Page S2869 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:17 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MY6.REC D17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D519 May 17, 2016 
Kirk (for Heitkamp/Collins) Amendment No. 3954 (to Amendment No. 3896), to require coordi-nation within the Department of Veterans Affairs to meet the readjustment and psychological counseling needs of veterans in rural and highly rural commu-nities.
                                                                               Page S2869 
Kirk (for Bennet) Amendment No. 3971 (to Amendment No. 3896), to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide monthly assistance allow-ance to disabled veterans training to compete on the United States Olympic Team.
                            Page S2869 
Pending: Collins Amendment No. 3896, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                      Page S2835 
McConnell (for Lee) Amendment No. 3897 (to Amendment No. 3896), to prohibit the use of funds to carry out a rule and notice of the Department of Housing and Urban Development. 
                                                                      Pages S2835, S2861–62 
McConnell (for Nelson/Rubio) Amendment No. 3898 (to Amendment No. 3896), making supple-mental appropriations for fiscal year 2016 to respond to Zika virus.
                                                               Page S2835 
McConnell (for Cornyn) Modified Amendment No. 3899 (to Amendment No. 3896), making emer-gency supplemental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016.
                               Page S2835 
McConnell (for Blunt) Modified Amendment No. 3900 (to Amendment No. 3896), Zika response and preparedness.
                                           Pages S2835, S2852–61 
Collins (for Blunt) Amendment No. 3946 (to Amendment No. 3900), to require the periodic sub-mission of spending plan updates to the Committee on Appropriations.
                                                    Page S2852 
A motion was entered to close further debate on Collins Amendment No. 3896 (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of McConnell (for Blunt) Modified Amendment No. 3900 (to Amendment No. 3896) (listed above).
                                       Page S2867 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of Col-lins Amendment No. 3896.
                                 Page S2867 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 50 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 73), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on McConnell (for Nelson/ Rubio) Amendment No. 3898 (to Amendment No. 3896) (listed above).
                                                 Page S2851 
By 52 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. 74), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on McConnell (for Cornyn) Modified Amendment No. 3899 (to Amendment No. 3896) (listed above).                               Pages S2851–52 
By 68 yeas to 29 nays (Vote No. 75), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell (for Blunt) Modified Amendment No. 3900 (to Amendment No. 3896).
                                                                    Page S2852 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding the Monday, May 16, 2016 adoption of Collins (for Feinstein/Portman) Amendment No. 3922 (to Amendment No. 3896), to allow jurisdictions to maintain access to certain funds deposited in their HOME Investment Trust Fund that would otherwise expire, be modified with the changes at the desk.
                                 Pages S2844–45 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10:30 a.m., on Wednesday, May 18, 2016; and that all time during the adjournment and morning business count post-cloture on McConnell (for Blunt) Modified Amendment No. 3900 (to Amendment No. 3896).
                                         Page S2911 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13047 of May 20, 1997, with respect to Burma; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–48)
                                                        Page S2876 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Eric K. Fanning, of the District of Columbia, to be Secretary of the Army.
                                              Page S 
Linda Thomas-Greenfield, an Assistant Secretary of State (African Affairs), to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the African Development Foundation for the remainder of the term expiring September 27, 2015. Linda Thomas-Greenfield, an Assistant Secretary of State (African Affairs), to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the African Development Foundation for a term expiring September 27, 2021. John W. Leslie, Jr., of Connecticut, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the African Develop-ment Foundation for a term expiring September 22, 2019. Linda I. Etim, of Wisconsin, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the African Development Foundation for a term expiring September 22, 2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:17 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MY6.REC D17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD520 May 17, 2016 
Georgette Mosbacher, of New York, to be a Mem-ber of the United States Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy for a term expiring July 1, 2018. Todd A. Fisher, of New York, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private In-vestment Corporation for a term expiring December 17, 2016. Deven J. Parekh, of New York, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Overseas Private In-vestment Corporation for a term expiring December 17, 2016. Robert Annan Riley III, of Florida, to be Ambas-sador to the Federated States of Micronesia. Karen Brevard Stewart, of Florida, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of the Marshall Islands. Matthew John Matthews, of Oregon, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as United States Senior Official for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Forum. Marcela Escobari, of Massachusetts, to be an As-sistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development. Swati A. Dandekar, of Iowa, to be United States Director of the Asian Development Bank, with the rank of Ambassador. Adam H. Sterling, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Slovak Republic. Kelly Keiderling-Franz, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Oriental Republic of Uruguay. Stephen Michael Schwartz, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Somalia. Christine Ann Elder, of Kentucky, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Liberia. Elizabeth Holzhall Richard, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Lebanese Republic.
          Page S2914 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S2876–77 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2877 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2878–79 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2879–81 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2875–76 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S2881–S2910 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2910 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2910 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—75)
                                                           Pages S2851–52 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:15 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, May 18, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2911.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies approved for full committee consideration an original bill entitled, ‘‘Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’. STATUS OF ADVANCED NUCLEAR TECHNOLOGIES Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the status of ad-vanced nuclear technologies, after receiving testi-mony from Mark Peters, Director, Idaho National Laboratory, Department of Energy; Jacob DeWitte, Oklo Inc., Sunnyvale, California; John Gilleland, TerraPower, Bellevue, Washington; John L. Hop-kins, NuScale Power, Portland, Oregon; and Stephen E. Kuczynski, Southern Nuclear Operating Com-pany, Inc., Atlanta, Georgia. WATER AND POWER LEGISLATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on Water and Power concluded a hearing to examine S. 2524, to insure adequate use and ac-cess to the existing Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch segment within the Holy Cross Wilderness in Eagle County, Colorado, S. 2533, to provide short-term water supplies to drought-stricken California and provide for long-term investments in drought resil-iency throughout the Western United States, S. 2616, to modify certain cost-sharing and revenue provisions relating to the Arkansas Valley Conduit, Colorado, S. 2902, to provide for long-term water supplies, optimal use of existing water supply infra-structure, and protection of existing water rights, and S. 2907, to amend the Energy and Water Devel-opment and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015, to strike the termination date for funding for pilot projects to increase Colorado River System water in Lake Mead, after receiving testimony from Senators Feinstein and McCain; Estevan Lopez, Com-missioner, Bureau of Reclamation, Department of the Interior; Leslie Weldon, Deputy Chief, National Forest System, Forest Service, Department of Agri-culture; Thomas Buschatzke, Arizona Department of Water Resources Director, Phoenix; Bill Long, Southeastern Colorado Water Conservancy District, Pueblo; Timothy Quinn, Association of California Water Agencies, Sacramento; Laura Ziemer, Trout 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:17 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MY6.REC D17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D521 May 17, 2016 
Unlimited, Bozeman, Montana; and Dan Keppen, Family Farm Alliance, Klamath Falls, Oregon. MARINE DEBRIS AND WILDLIFE Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-committee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife con-cluded a hearing to examine marine debris and wild-life, focusing on impacts, sources, and solutions, after receiving testimony from Jim Kurth, Deputy Direc-tor, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the In-terior; Chris Pallister, Gulf of Alaska Keeper, An-chorage; Jenna R. Jambeck, University of Georgia College of Engineering, Athens; Nicholas J. Mallos, Ocean Conservancy Trash Free Seas, Washington, D.C.; and Jonathan Stone, Save The Bay, Providence, Rhode Island. INTEGRATING THE CORPORATE AND INDIVIDUAL TAX SYSTEMS Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine integrating the corporate and individual tax systems, focusing on the dividends paid deduc-tion considered, after receiving testimony from Mi-chael J. Graetz, Columbia Law School, New York, New York; Judy A. Miller, American Retirement Association, Arlington, Virginia; Steven M. Rosen-thal, Urban Institute and Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center, Washington, D.C.; and Bret Wells, University of Houston Law Center, Houston, Texas. WAR IN SYRIA Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the War in Syria, focusing on next steps to mitigate the crisis, after receiving testi-mony from Robert S. Ford, Middle East Institute, Nancy Lindborg, United States Institute of Peace, and Tamara Cofman Wittes, Brookings Institution Center for Middle East Policy, all of Washington, D.C. INTERNATIONAL CYBERSECURITY STRATEGY Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy received a closed briefing on international cy-bersecurity strategy from Christopher Painter, Coor-dinator for Cyber Issues, and Judith Strotz, Director, Office of Cyber Affairs, Bureau of Intelligence and Research, both of the Department of State. AMERICA’S DEMAND FOR DRUGS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine America’s insatiable demand for drugs, focusing on assessing the Federal response, after receiving testi-mony from Michael P. Botticelli, Director of Na-tional Drug Control Policy; Kana Enomoto, Prin-cipal Deputy Administrator, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services; and Diana C. Maurer, Director, Homeland Security and Justice, Government Accountability Office. FOSTER CARE AND JUVENILE JUSTICE SYSTEMS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine National Foster Care Month, fo-cusing on supporting youth in the foster care and ju-venile justice systems, after receiving testimony from Lisa Nelson, Iowa 3rd Judicial District Juvenile Court Services, Sioux City; Jeffrey Lind, Beltrami County Health and Human Services, Bemidji, Min-nesota; Macon Stewart, Georgetown University McCourt School of Public Policy Center for Juvenile Justice Reform, Washington, D.C.; and Sonya Brown, New Orleans, Louisiana. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 14 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5258–5271; and 3 resolutions, H.J. Res. 94; H. Con. Res. 131; and H. Res. 734 were introduced.
                                                     Pages H2699–H2700 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2700–01 Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3484, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into certain leases at the Department of Veterans Affairs West Los Angeles Campus in Los Angeles, California, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–570); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:17 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MY6.REC D17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD522 May 17, 2016 
H. Res. 735, providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 4909) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–571); and H. Res. 736, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4974) making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5243) making ap-propriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, to strengthen public health activities in re-sponse to the Zika virus, and for other purposes; and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–572).
        Page H2699 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Duncan (TN) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H2431 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:48 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H2436 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rabbi Jay Weinstein, Young Israel of East Brunswick, East Brunswick, New Jersey. 
                                                                                            Page H2436 
Suspension: The House failed to agree to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Reducing Regulatory Burdens Act: H.R. 897, amended, to amend the Federal Insecticide, Fun-gicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 262 yeas to 159 nays, Roll No. 199. 
                                                                Pages H2446–55, H2457–58 
Motion to Instruct Conferees: The House rejected the Esty motion to instruct conferees on S. 524 by a yea-and-nay vote of 182 yeas to 236 nays, Roll No. 198. The motion was debated Friday, May 13th. 
                                                                                    Pages H2456–57 
Subsequently, the Chair appointed the following conferees: For consideration of the Senate bill and the House amendments, and modifications committed to con-ference: Representatives Upton, Pitts, Lance, Guth-rie, Kinzinger (IL), Bucshon, Brooks (IN), Goodlatte, Sensenbrenner, Smith (TX), Marino, Collins (GA), Trott, Bishop (MI), McCarthy, Pallone, Ben Ray Luja´n (NM), Sarbanes, Gene Green (TX), Conyers, Jackson Lee, Judy Chu (CA), Cohen, Esty, Kuster, and Courtney. From the Committee on Education and the Work-force, for consideration of title VII of the House amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Representatives Barletta, Carter (GA), and Scott (VA). From the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for con-sideration of title III of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representa-tives Bilirakis, Walorski, and Ruiz. From the Committee on Ways and Means, for consideration of sec. 705 of the Senate bill, and sec. 804 of the House amendment, and modifications committed to conference: Representatives Meehan, Dold, and McDermott.                                           Page H2458 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017: The House began consideration of H.R. 4909, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, and to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year. Consid-eration is expected to resume tomorrow, May 18th. 
                                            Pages H2438–46, H2455–56, H2458–98 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–51, modified by the amend-ment printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–569, shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Armed Services now printed in the bill. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the five-minute rule.
            Pages H2438–39, H2455 
Agreed to: Thornberry amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569) that clarifies that the special transfer authority in section 1702 is subject to ap-propriation Acts;
                                                        Page H2667 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 1, as modi-fied, consisting of the following amendments printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569: McKinley (No. 4) that increases the National Guard Youth Challenge Program under Civil Military Programs by $15 mil-lion and decreases by the same amount Operations and Maintenance, Defense-wide; Guthrie (No. 5) that authorizes the Secretary of the Army to con-tinue to provide for the production, treatment, man-agement, and use of natural gas located under Fort Knox, Kentucky; Gallego (No. 6) that requires each branch of the Armed Services to monitor prescribing of medications to treat PTSD among Service Mem-bers; Graves (MO) (No. 7), as modified, that requires the DOD to report to the Armed Services Com-mittee on the agency’s use of a two-phase procure-ment process; Jackson Lee (No. 8) that requires out-reach for small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women and minorities required before 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:17 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MY6.REC D17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D523 May 17, 2016 
conversion of certain functions to contractor perform-ance; Jackson Lee (No. 9) that requires the Govern-ment Accountability Office to include in its annual report to Congress a list of the most common grounds for sustaining protests related to bids for contracts; Hunter (No. 15) that expands the use of the Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC) regarding access at DoD installations; Royce (No. 17) that prohibits any action to impair U.S. ju-risdiction and control over Naval Station Guanta-namo Bay unless authorized or provided by subse-quent statute or treaty, based on unique legal history of that U.S. base; Moore (No. 20) that expresses the sense of Congress regarding the intentional targeting of and attacks against medical facilities and medical providers in Syria; Forbes (No. 21) that requires that the Secretary of Defense submit a report at the end of each fiscal year listing each request received from Taiwan and each letter of offer to sell any defense articles or services under the Arms Export Control Act to Taiwan during such fiscal year; Graves (MO) (No. 23) that reins in SBA’s authority to fund initia-tives outside its current authorized authority; and Adams (No. 27) that provides for online entrepre-neurial counseling services through the Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE) program and requires SCORE to submit a study and report on the future of the program through a strategic plan that covers the course of the next 5 years;
                    Pages H2667–73 
Westerman amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569) that provides an additional $82.4 million for the Surface-To-Air missile MSE program that mitigates critical shortfall in Army War Reserve requirements; takes $82.4 million from Atomic Energy Defense Activities, National Nuclear Security Administration, Defense Nuclear Non-proliferation, Material management and minimiza-tion account;
                                                        Pages H2673–75 
Thornberry amendment (No. 11 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569) that amends Section 101 of the National Security Act of 1947 to address the National Security Council’s enlarged staff size and subsequent micromanagement of military operations, which is inconsistent with its statutory advisory and coordination roles; also increases oversight and ac-countability by requiring Senate confirmation of the National Security Advisor if the staff size of the Na-tional Security Council exceeds 100 employees; 
                                                                                    Pages H2677–79 
Walorski amendment (No. 13 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569) that amends the Freedom of Information Act to include the National Security Council (NSC) and makes the FOIA requirement ef-fective after Senate confirmation of National Security Advisor;
                                                                  Pages H2681–82 Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 2 consisting of the following amendments printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569: Calvert (No. 19) that requires a re-port on the Department of Defense civilian work force and contractors; Collins (NY) (No. 28) that re-quires the Secretary of the Army to consider using cost-competitive technologies that minimize waste generation and air emissions as alternatives to cur-rent disposal methods when reducing munitions in the stockpile of conventional ammunition or B5A Account; Russell (No. 29) that expresses the Sense of Congress that the Dept. of Defense should reassess their guidelines on how they evaluate motor carrier safety performance; the GAO found that DOD low-ered standards to Dept. of Transportation standards, even for the transport of hazardous materials; Costa (No. 30) that directs the Secretary to report to the Committees of jurisdiction regarding the efficacy of prioritizing training exercises for National Guard IRT teams with well drilling capability in locations in disadvantaged communities with drinking water supplies that have been impacted as a result of drought; McKinley (No. 31) that requires the Sec-retary of Defense to establish an electronic tour cal-culator so that reservists could keep track of aggre-gated active duty tours of 90 days or more served within a fiscal year; Meng (No. 32) that requires GAO report on admissions practices and gender composition of military service academies; Palmer (No. 33) that allows for the award of a Distin-guished Service Cross to 1st LT Melvin M. Spruiell for his acts of valor during WWII as a member of the Army serving in France with the 377th Para-chute Field Artillery, 101st Airborne Division; Se-well (AL) (No. 34) that allows cyber institutes to place a special emphasis on entering into a partner-ship with a local educational agency located in a rural, under served, or underrepresented community; Takano (No. 35) that includes in the report to Con-gress on the direct employment pilot program for members of the National Guard and Reserve (Sec. 566) a comparison of the pilot program to other DOD and VA unemployment and underemployment programs; Grayson (No. 36) that requires the inclu-sion of information concerning the availability of treatment options and resources available to address substance abuse (including alcohol, prescription drug, and opioid abuse), as part of the required serv-icemember preseparation counseling; Bost (No. 37) that makes a technical change to impact aid pro-gram; and DelBene (No. 38) that eliminates the 2- year eligibility limitation for noncompetitive ap-pointment of military spouses to civil service posi-tions when a member of the Armed Forces is relo-cated in connection with their service;
   Pages H2682–85 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:17 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MY6.REC D17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD524 May 17, 2016 
Kelly (PA) amendment (No. 16 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569) that prohibits funds from being used to destroy anti-personnel landmine muni-tions unless the Secretary of Defense submits a re-port on research into operational alternatives to these munitions;
                                                             Pages H2687–88 
Walorski amendment (No. 18 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569) that requires the United States Government and the government of a foreign country to enter into a written memorandum of un-derstanding regarding the transfer of an individual from Guantanamo Bay and transmitted to the Con-gress;
                                                                        Pages H2688–90 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 3 consisting of the following amendments printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569: Turner (No. 22) that expresses a Sense of Congress that the United States should take certain actions relevant to maintaining NATO’s soli-darity, strength, and deterrent capability in addition to promoting NATO enlargement at the July 2016 NATO Summit in Warsaw, Poland; Hanna (No. 24) that directs Small Business Development Centers to provide, to the extent practicable, cyber assistance to small businesses; requires the Small Business Admin-istration and the Department of Homeland Security to develop a joint ‘‘SBDC Cyber Strategy’’ to provide necessary guidance to Small Business Development Centers regarding how they can improve the coordi-nation and provision of federal cyber assistance to small businesses; Bera (No. 39) that requires the Sec-retary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the VA, Education, and Labor, to submit a report to Congress detailing the transfer of skills into col-lege credit or technical certifications for members of the Armed Forces leaving the military; McGovern (No. 40) that requires the Secretary of Defense to de-sign and produce a military service medal to honor retired and former members of the Armed Forces who are radiation-exposed veterans (Atomic Vet-erans); Grayson (No. 41) that requires the Secretary of Defense to consider ‘‘comparable quality of serv-ice’’ as criteria used to determine partnership agree-ments between facilities of the uniformed services and local or regional health care systems; Carter (TX) (No. 42) that places specific reporting require-ments on the Defense Department when prescribing and distributing Mefloquine to members of the Armed Forces, and requires the Secretary of Defense to conduct an annual review for each Mefloquine prescription; expands the Defense Centers of Excel-lence for Psychological Health and Traumatic Brain Injury’s mission to include the study of the adverse health effects of Mefloquine; Wilson (SC) (No. 43) that modifies Section 825(f) of the FY17 NDAA to sunset the required report after five years; Wilson (SC) (No. 44) that modifies the effective date for sec-tion 901(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 by extending it one year to February 1, 2018; Beyer (No. 45) that ensures that DOD is using LPTA in an effective and appro-priate manner as a source selection process. States that it should be DOD policy to avoid LPTA use in circumstances that potentially deny the Department the benefits of cost and technical tradeoffs in the source selection process; Burgess (No. 46) that re-quires a report ranking all military departments and Defense Agencies in order of how advanced they are in achieving auditable financial statements as re-quired by law; Turner (No. 47) that requires the Secretary of the Air Force to provide a briefing to the House Armed Services Committee on the process used to include proximity to certain commercial air-ports as part of its Strategic Basing Process; Frankel (FL) (No. 49) that expresses Congress’s appreciation to American veterans disabled for life and supports the annual recognition of these individuals each year; and Beyer (No. 50) that pairs the FAA and the DOD to study possible changes to these routes and altitude caps to minimize the impact from these overflight operations;
                                       Pages H2690–93 
Thornberry en bloc amendment No. 4 consisting of the following amendments printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569: Zeldin (No. 48) that requires the United States Navy to specifically assess synthetic aperture sonar systems and subsequently report on whether they are a suitable for incorporation on the Littoral Combat Ship (LCS); Trott (No. 51) that states that the President shall instruct the U.S. Am-bassador to the United Nations to use the voice and vote of the United States to seek the establishment of a United Nations processing center in Erbil, Iraq to assist internationally displaced communities; Vela (No. 52) that requires the Department of Defense to submit a report to Congress on the impact of cartel violence in Mexico on U.S. national security; Thorn-berry (No. 53) that requires the Secretaries of De-fense and State to submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report containing a description of the steps the United States has taken, plans to take, and will take to provide Taiwan with arms of a defensive character in accordance with the Taiwan Relations Act; Nolan (No. 54) that prohibits fund-ing from the Syria Train and Equip program to re-cipients that the Secretary of Defense has reported as having misused provided training and equipment; Aguilar (No. 55) that creates a pilot program to im-prove the ability of the Army and Air Force, respec-tively, to recruit cyber professionals; Dold (No. 56) that extends the authorization of a 2014 project for barracks at Great Lakes, IL; Judy Chu (CA) (No. 57) that ensures that the Small Business Administration considers the population density of the area to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:17 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MY6.REC D17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D525 May 17, 2016 
serviced by women’s business centers when reviewing and selecting eligible entities for WBC grants; Perl-mutter (No. 58) that allows deed restrictions on former U.S. Army land at Rocky Mountain Arsenal to be modified or removed should an environmental risk assessment determine the property is protective for residential or industrial uses; Pompeo (No. 59) that requires the Director of National Intelligence to complete a declassification review of intelligence re-ports related to the past terrorist activities of indi-viduals who were transferred or released from GTMO, and make available to the public any infor-mation declassified as a result of the declassification review; and McSally (No. 61) that places a prohibi-tion on enforcement of military commission rulings preventing members of the Armed Forces from car-rying out otherwise lawful duties based on member gender, such as guarding high-value detainees at Guantanamo Bay;
                                              Pages H2693–95 
Rogers (AL) amendment (No. 26 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569) that fences 50% of the funds for the Office of the Secretary of Energy until he provides a specific report to the specified congres-sional committees; and
                                   Pages H2696–97 
Zinke amendment (No. 60 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569), as modified, that ensures the se-curity of our land-based nuclear forces and ensures an acquisition strategy that will field a UH 1N re-placement aircraft in fiscal year 2018; adds a new section titled Requests for Forces to Meet Security Requirements for Land-Based Nuclear Forces. 
                                                                                    Pages H2697–98 
Rejected: Garamendi amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569) that sought to reduce the au-thorization for the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent program by $17.93 million, the amount identified by the Government Accountability Office as in ex-cess of program need for Fiscal Year 2016; increase the authorization for Air Force procurement of Large Aircraft Infrared Countermeasures by $17.93 million to address an unfunded requirement identified by the Air Force; and
                                             Pages H2675–76 
Larsen (WA) amendment (No. 25 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569) that sought to amend waiv-er on prohibition of use of atomic energy defense funding for work with Russia to allow the Secretary of Energy to issue waiver if activity will significantly reduce the nuclear threat, regardless of backlog at DOE defense nuclear facilities.
                   Pages H2695–96 
Proceedings Postponed: McKinley amendment (No. 10 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569) that seeks to require the Sec-retary of Defense to ensure that every tactical missile program of the Department of Defense that uses solid propellant as the primary propulsion system shall have at least two fully certified rocket motor suppliers in the event that one of the rocket motor suppliers is outside the national technology and in-dustrial base;                                                        Pages H2676–77 
Nadler amendment (No. 12 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569) that seeks to remove funding prohibitions on the closure of the prison at Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba; and
                                      Pages H2679–81 
Poe (TX) amendment (No. 14 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–569), as modified, that seeks to in-sert a proposed new text for Sec. 1048. 
                                                                                    Pages H2685–87 
H. Res. 732, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4909) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 234 ayes to 181 noes, Roll No. 197, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 239 yeas to 177 nays, Roll No. 196. 
                                                                                    Pages H2455–56 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:39 p.m and recon-vened at 11:51 p.m.
                                                 Page H2698 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared with respect to Burma is to continue in effect beyond May 20, 2016—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Rept. 114–135).
                        Page H2446 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate today appear on pages H2446, H2677. Senate Referral: S. 2040 was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary.
                                         Page H2698 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H2455–56, H2456, H2457, H2457–58. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:53 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
FOCUS ON THE FARM ECONOMY: IMPACTS OF ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS AND VOLUNTARY CONSERVATION SOLUTIONS Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Conserva-tion and Forestry held a hearing entitled ‘‘Focus on the Farm Economy: Impacts of Environmental Regu-lations and Voluntary Conservation Solutions’’. Testi-mony was heard from Celia Gould, Director, Idaho State Department of Agriculture; and public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a markup on the Defense Appropriations Bill for FY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:17 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MY6.REC D17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD526 May 17, 2016 
2017; Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill for FY 2017; and the Revised Report on the Interim Sub-allocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2017. The Defense Appropriations Bill for FY 2017 and the Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill for FY 2017 were ordered reported, as amended. The Revised Re-port on the Interim Suballocation of Budget Alloca-tions for FY 2017 passed. ASSESSING THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE’S EXECUTION OF RESPONSIBILITIES IN THE U.S. FOREIGN MILITARY SALES PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘As-sessing the Department of Defense’s Execution of Responsibilities in the U.S. Foreign Military Sales Program’’. Testimony was heard from Vice Admiral Joseph Rixey, U.S. Navy, Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense; Claire Grady, Senior Executive Service, Director, Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics; and Beth McCormick, Senior Executive Service, Director, Defense Technology Security Administra-tion, Office of the Secretary of Defense. HELPING STUDENTS SUCCEED BY STRENGTHENING THE CARL D. PERKINS CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION ACT Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Helping Students Succeed by Strengthening the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act’’. Testimony was heard from Senator Kaine and public witnesses. THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION’S MEDICARE DRUG EXPERIMENT: THE PATIENT AND DOCTOR PERSPECTIVE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Obama Admin-istration’s Medicare Drug Experiment: The Patient and Doctor Perspective’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 4775, the ‘‘Ozone Stand-ards Implementation Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 4979, the ‘‘Advanced Nuclear Technology Development Act of 2016’’. INTEREST ON RESERVES AND THE FED’S BALANCE SHEET Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Interest on Reserves and the Fed’s Balance Sheet’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS TO ENHANCE CAPITAL FORMATION, TRANSPARENCY, AND REGULATORY ACCOUNTABILITY Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises held a hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals to En-hance Capital Formation, Transparency, and Regu-latory Accountability’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE COUNTERTERRORISM BUREAU: FY 2017 BUDGET Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of State Counterterrorism Bureau: FY 2017 Budget’’. Testimony was heard from Justin Siberell, Acting Coordinator for Counterterrorism, Bureau of Counterterrorism, De-partment of State. OVERSIGHT OF FEDERAL EFFORTS TO ADDRESS ELECTROMAGNETIC RISKS Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Federal Efforts to Address Electromagnetic Risks’’. Testimony was heard from Chris P. Currie, Director, Homeland Security and Justice Issues, Government Accountability Office; Brandon Wales, Director, Office of Cyber and Infra-structure Analysis, National Protection and Pro-grams Directorate, Department of Homeland Secu-rity; Joseph McClelland, Director, Office of Energy Infrastructure Security, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, Department of Energy; and a public witness. FLYING BLIND: WHAT ARE THE SECURITY RISKS OF RESUMING U.S. COMMERCIAL AIR SERVICE TO CUBA? Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Transportation Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fly-ing Blind: What are the security risks of resuming U.S. Commercial Air Service to Cuba?’’. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Home-land Security officials: Larry Mizell, TSA Representa-tive, Transportation Security Administration; Paul Fujimura, Assistant Administrator, Office of Global Strategies; John Wagner, Deputy Executive Assistant Commissioner, Customs and Border Protection; and Seth Stodder, Assistant Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, Border, Immigration and Trade Policy; and Kurt Tong, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:17 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MY6.REC D17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D527 May 17, 2016 
Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs, Depart-ment of State. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on House Administration: Full Committee held a markup on Committee Resolution 114–17, regarding the House Safe Program; Committee Reso-lution 114–18, to Amend the Voucher Documenta-tion Standards; H.R. 5160, to amend title 40, United States Code, to include as part of the build-ings and grounds of the National Gallery of Art any buildings and other areas within the boundaries of any real estate or other property interests acquired by the National Gallery of Art; H.R. 4511, the ‘‘Gold Star Families Voices Act’’; H.R. 4092, to re-authorize the sound recording and film preservation programs of the Library of Congress, and for other purposes; H.R. 4733, to permit the United States Capitol Police to accept certain property from other Federal agencies and to dispose of certain property in its possession; H.R. 5227, to authorize the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handi-capped to provide playback equipment in all forms, to establish a National Collection Stewardship Fund for the processing and storage of collection materials of the Library of Congress, and to provide for the continuation of service of returning members of Joint Committee on the Library at beginning of a Congress; and H.R. 4734, to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to permit candidates for election for Federal office to designate an indi-vidual who will be authorized to disburse funds of the authorized campaign committees of the can-didate in the event of the death of the candidate. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 5160, H.R. 4511, H.R. 4092, H.R. 4733, H.R. 5227, and H.R. 4734. Committee Resolution 114–17 and Committee Resolution 114–18 were adopted, without amendment. SAFEGUARDING OUR SYMBOL OF DEMOCRACY: U.S. CAPITOL POLICE’S MANAGEMENT PLAN FOR 2017 AND BEYOND Committee on House Administration: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Safeguarding our Symbol of Democracy: U.S. Capitol Police’s Management Plan for 2017 and Beyond’’. Testimony was heard from Matthew Verderosa, Chief of Police, U.S. Capitol Po-lice. SYNTHETIC DRUGS, REAL DANGER Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Synthetic Drugs, Real Dan-ger’’. Testimony was heard from Louis Milione, Dep-uty Assistant Administrator, Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration; and public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing on H.R. 4768, the ‘‘Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. THE IMPLICATIONS OF PRESIDENT OBAMA’S NATIONAL OCEAN POLICY Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Implications of President Obama’s National Ocean Policy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. WHITE HOUSE NARRATIVES ON THE IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘White House Narratives on the Iran Nuclear Deal’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5233, the ‘‘Clarifying Congressional Intent in Providing for DC Home Rule Act of 2016’’; H.R. 24, the ‘‘Federal Reserve Transparency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 5199, the ‘‘Construction Consensus Procurement Improvement Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5226, the ‘‘Regulatory Integrity Act of 2016’’; S. 1550, the ‘‘Program Management Improvement Accountability Act’’; H.R. 433, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office’’; H.R. 2607, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7802 37th Avenue in Jackson Heights, New York, as the ‘‘Jeanne and Jules Manford Post Office Build-ing’’; H.R. 3218, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 836 Anacapa Street, Santa Barbara, California as the ‘‘Special War-fare Operator Master Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’; H.R. 3931, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 620 Central Avenue Suite 1A in Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Chief Petty Officer Adam Brown United States Post Office’’; H.R. 3953, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4122 Madison Street, Elfers, Florida, as the ‘‘Private First Class Felton Roger Fussell Memorial Post Office’’; H.R. 4010, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 522 North Central 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:17 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MY6.REC D17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD528 May 17, 2016 
Avenue in Phoenix, Arizona, as the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Office’’; H.R. 4425, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 110 East Powerhouse Road in Collegeville, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Eugene J. McCarthy Post Office’’; H.R. 4747, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6691 Church Street in Riverdale, Georgia, as the ‘‘Major Gregory E. Barney Post Of-fice Building’’; H.R. 4761, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 61 South Baldwin Avenue in Sierra Madre, California, as the ‘‘Louis Van Iersel Post Office’’; H.R. 4777, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1301 Alabama Avenue in Selma, Alabama as the ‘‘Amelia Boynton Robinson Post Of-fice Building’’; H.R. 4877, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3130 Grants Lake Boulevard in Sugar Land, Texas, as the ‘‘LCpl Garrett W. Gamble, USMC Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4925, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 229 West Main Cross Street, in Findlay, Ohio, as the ‘‘Michael Garver Oxley Memorial Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4960, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 N Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4975, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5720 South 142nd Street in Omaha, Nebraska, as the ‘‘Petty Officer 1st Class Caleb A. Nelson Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4987, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3957 2nd Avenue in Laurel Hill, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William ‘Kelly’ Lacey Post Office’’; and H.R. 5028, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10721 E Jefferson Ave in Detroit, Michigan, as the ‘‘Mary Eleanora McCoy Post Office Building’’. The following bills were or-dered reported, without amendment: H.R. 5233, H.R. 5226, H.R. 433, H.R. 2607, H.R. 3931, H.R. 3953, H.R. 4010, H.R. 4425, H.R. 4747, H.R. 4761, H.R. 4777, H.R. 4877, H.R. 4925, H.R. 4960, H.R. 4975, and H.R. 4987. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 24, H.R. 5199, S. 1550, H.R. 3218, and H.R. 5028. NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017; MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017; ZIKA RESPONSE SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 4909, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017’’ [amendment consider-ation]; H.R. 4974, the ‘‘Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2017’’; and H.R. 5243, the ‘‘Zika Re-sponse Supplemental Appropriations Act, 2016’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a modified- open rule for H.R. 4974. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule waives points of order against provisions in the bill for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI. The rule provides that clause 2(e) of rule XXI shall not apply during consideration of the bill. The rule pro-vides that after general debate the bill shall be con-sidered for amendment under the five-minute rule except that: 1) amendments shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent; and 2) no pro forma amendments shall be in order except that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. The rule authorizes the Chair to accord priority in recognition to Mem-bers who have pre-printed their amendments in the Congressional Record. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Addition-ally, the rule granted a closed rule for H.R. 5243. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides that clause 2(e) of rule XXI shall not apply during consideration of the bill. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit. In section 3, the rule provides that section 514 of H.R. 4974 shall be considered to be a spending reduction account for purposes of section 3(d) of House Resolution 5. In section 4, the rule provides that during consideration of H.R. 4974 pursuant to the rule, it shall not be in order in the Committee of the Whole to use a decrease in Overseas Contin-gency Operations funds to offset an amendment that increases an appropriation not designated as Overseas Contingency Operations funds or vice versa. Lastly, in section 5, the rule provides that during consider-ation of H.R. 4974, 1) section 310 of House Con-current Resolution 125, as reported in the House, shall have force and effect in the Committee of the Whole; and 2) section 3304 of Senate Concurrent Resolution 11 shall not apply. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–3, a structured rule for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:17 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MY6.REC D17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D529 May 17, 2016 
further consideration of H.R. 4909. The rule pro-vides no further general debate. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report and amendments en bloc described in section 3 of the resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question. Waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report or against amendments en bloc described in section 3 of the rule. Section 3 provides that it shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Armed Services or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the re-port not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services or their designees, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. Provides one mo-tion to recommit with or without instructions. Tes-timony was heard from Chairman Rogers of Ken-tucky, and Representatives Lowey, Al Green of Texas, Dent, Bishop of Georgia, Fleming, Bordallo, Davis of California, Gabbard, Garamendi, Langevin, Walz, McGovern, Polis, Barr, Boustany, Clyburn, Carter of Georgia, Jackson Lee, Gosar, Foster, Rigell, Lee, Rohrabacher, Price of North Carolina, Schiff, Sanford, Maxine Waters of California, Welch, Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Hanna, Griffith of Virginia, Yoho, Gibson, Rangel, and Mulvaney. A REVIEW OF RECENTLY COMPLETED UNITED STATES ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS CHIEF’S REPORTS Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Water Resources and Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of Recently Com-pleted United States Army Corps of Engineers Chief’s Reports’’. Testimony was heard from Major General Donald ‘‘Ed’’ Jackson, Deputy Commanding General, Civil and Emergency Operations, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. VETERANS IN TECH: INNOVATIVE CAREERS FOR ALL GENERATIONS OF VETERANS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity held a hearing entitled ‘‘Veterans in Tech: Innovative Careers for All Generations of Veterans’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. MEMBER DAY ON TAX-RELATED PROPOSALS TO IMPROVE HEALTH CARE Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Health held a Member Day hearing entitled ‘‘Tax- Related Proposals to Improve Health Care’’. Testi-mony was heard from Representatives Jenkins of Kansas, Smith of Nebraska, Paulsen, Noem, Messer, Meadows, Kelly of Pennsylvania, Bera of California, Thompson of California, Boustany, Stewart, Meng, McSally, and DelBene. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 18, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the Telephone Consumer Pro-tection Act at 25, focusing on effects on consumers and business, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: business meeting to consider S. 2816, to reauthorize the diesel emissions reduction program, S. 2795, to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy, S. 1479, to amend the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to modify provisions relating to grants, S. 921, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a nonregulatory program to build on and help coordinate funding for restoration and protection efforts of the 4-State Delaware River Basin region, H.R. 3114, to provide funds to the Army Corps of Engineers to hire veterans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Corps with curation and historic preservation activities, S. 2754, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 300 Fannin Street in Shreve-port, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Tom Stagg Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’, General Services Administra-tion resolutions, and the nomination of Jane Toshiko Nishida, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine Every Student Succeeds Act im-plementation, focusing on perspectives from education stakeholders, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine assessing the security of crit-ical infrastructure, focusing on threat, vulnerabilities, and solutions, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold hearings to examine S. 2785, to protect Native children and promote public safety in Indian country, S. 2916, to provide that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:17 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MY6.REC D17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD530 May 17, 2016 pueblo of Santa Clara may lease for 99 years certain re-stricted land, and S. 2920, to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law Enforcement Re-form Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian communities, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Donald Karl Schott, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Paul Lewis Abrams, to be United States District Judge for the Central District of California, Stephanie A. Finley, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of Louisiana, Claude J. Kelly III, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and Winfield D. Ong, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, 10 a.m., SD–226. Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hear-ings to examine ransomware, focusing on understanding the threat and exploring solutions, 3 p.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: to hold hearings to examine small business and the Affordable Care Act, 2 p.m., SR–428A. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Service in the Field: Veteran Contributions to Na-tional Food Security’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, markup on the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, markup on the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, 11:30 a.m., 2358–A Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.J. Res. 87, providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of Labor relating to ‘‘Interpretation of the ‘Advice’ Exemption in Section 203(c) of the Labor-Management Reporting and Disclosure Act’’; and H.R. 5003, the ‘‘Improving Child Nutrition and Education Act of 2016’’, 11 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4775, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implemen-tation Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 4979, the ‘‘Advanced Nu-clear Technology Development Act of 2016’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Finan-cial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the CFPB’s Proposed Rulemaking on Arbi-tration: Is It in the Public Interest and for the Protection of Consumers?’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 374, recognizing the 50th anniversary of Singaporean independence and reaffirming Singapore’s close partnership with the United States; H. Res. 650, providing for the safety and security of the Iranian dis-sidents living in Camp Liberty/Hurriya in Iraq and await-ing resettlement by the United Nations High Commis-sioner for Refugees, and permitting use of their own as-sets to assist in their resettlement; H. Con. Res. 129, ex-pressing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holo-caust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to reaffirm its commitment to this goal through a financial commitment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holocaust victims, including home care and other medically pre-scribed needs; S. 284, the ‘‘Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act’’; and S. 1252, the ‘‘Global Food Security Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Democracy Support Strategies in Africa’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 4289, to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Tanana Tribal Council located in Tanana, Alaska, and to the Bristol Bay Area Health Corporation located in Dillingham, Alaska, and for other purposes; and S. 246, the ‘‘Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Employee Mis-conduct at EPA’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Government Operations, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Federal Information Technology Reform Act (FITARA) Scorecard 2.0’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘Next Steps to Mars: Deep Space Habitats’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management, hearing entitled ‘‘Border Station Construction: Minimizing Costs and Leveraging Private Dollars’’, 10 a.m., 2253 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5178, the ‘‘Veterans Success on Campus Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5229, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to carry out a study to evaluate the effectiveness of programs, especially in regards to women veterans and minority veterans, in transitioning to civilian life, and for other purposes; H.R. 4138, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recoup relocation expenses paid to or on behalf of employees of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs; H.R. 3286, the ‘‘HIRE Vets Act’’; H.R. 3471, the ‘‘Veterans Mobility Safety Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3974, the ‘‘Grow Our Own Directive: Physician Assistant Employ-ment and Education Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3989, the ‘‘Sup-port Our Military Caregivers Act’’; H.R. 2460, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans; H.R. 3956, the ‘‘VA Health Center Management Stability and Improve-ment Act’’; H.R. 4782, the ‘‘Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4087, the ‘‘Fair Treatment for Families of Veterans Act’’; and H.R. 3715, the ‘‘Final Farewell Act of 2015’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:17 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MY6.REC D17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D531 May 17, 2016 Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Social Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Social Security from Waste, Fraud, and Abuse’’, 10 a.m., B–318 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘The Heroin Epidemic and Parental Substance Abuse: Using Evidence and Data to Protect Kids from Harm’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:17 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D17MY6.REC D17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD532 May 17, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, May 18 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of H.R. 2577, Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. Senate expects to vote on or in rela-tion to McConnell (for Blunt) Modified Amendment No. 3900 (to Amendment No. 3896). Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, May 18 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Continue consideration of H.R. 4909—National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 5243—Zika Response Appropriations Act of 2016 (Sub-ject to a Rule). Begin consideration of H.R. 4974—Mili-tary Construction and Veterans’ Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks. as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E726 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E718, E721, E724 Carter, John R., Tex., E720 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E722 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E719 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E725 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E724 Forbes, J. Randy, Va., E724 Gosar, Paul A., Ariz., E717 Graves, Sam, Mo., E717 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E715, E716, E717 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E718 Hultgren, Randy, Ill., E718, E723 Hurt, Robert, Va., E721 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E727 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E716 Long, Billy, Mo., E718, E719, E720, E722, E724, E726 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E723 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E718, E720, E721, E723, E724, E726, E727 Luja´n, Ben Ray, N.M., E715 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E723 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E717 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E725 Murphy, Tim, Pa., E715 Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E719 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E722 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E725 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E716 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E720 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E720 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E719 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E722 Walberg, Tim, Mich., E721 Young, David, Iowa, E717, E719, E720, E720, E722, E723, E723, E724, E725, E727 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:17 May 18, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D17MY6.REC D17MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST