Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4663 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 2016 No. 112 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, July 12, 2016. I hereby appoint the Honorable D
ANIEL  W
EBSTER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 5, 2016, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NEED FOR A 21ST CENTURY CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION SYSTEM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank my col-leagues on the House Education and the Workforce Committee for their support last week in passing a reau-thorization that I offered, the Carl D. Perkins Act, in the form of the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. Now, I am proud to say that this bill passed unanimously out of committee, which is good news because a reauthor-ization is badly needed. It is no secret that our country con-tinues to face significant economic challenges, and it is no surprise that many men and women are worried about their futures and their family’s future. Last week a Gallup poll found that 54 percent—just 54 percent—of Americans believed today’s young peo-ple will live a better life than their parents. As a father, I can say there is noth-ing a parent wants more for their chil-dren than a life that is better than their own. When you hear that only half of all Americans expect their chil-dren to have a brighter future than they did, it becomes clear that we need to do better. And we can do better, not just for our own kids, but for the neighbor who can’t find a job, the friend from church who struggles to make ends meet, the family that has been trapped in poverty with no path-way out, or the high school student who struggles and has no hope or inspi-ration that he or she has what it takes to succeed. With the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Cen-tury Act, we have an opportunity today to advance reforms that will help these and many other Americans, espe-cially young Americans, obtain the knowledge and skills that they need to break the cycle of poverty and to achieve a lifetime of success. This bill will modernize and improve current law to better reflect the challenges and realities facing students, workers, and employers. The bill will empower State and local leaders by simplifying the application process for receiving Federal funds and providing them more flexibility to use those resources to respond to the changing education and economic needs. These reforms will help State leaders focus on preparing students for the workforce—not duplicative or over-ly prescriptive Federal requirements— and enable them to determine the best way to do so. To increase transparency and ac-countability, H.R. 5587 streamlines per-formance measures to ensure sec-ondary and post-secondary programs deliver results, helping students grad-uate, prepared to secure a good-paying job or further their education. The bill also includes measures to provide stu-dents, taxpayers, and State and local leaders the information that they need to hold CTE programs accountable for delivering those results. Finally, H.R. 5587 will reduce the Federal role in career and technical education and limiting opportunities for the Federal Government to inter-vene in State and local decisions and preventing political favoritism. This is a bipartisan bill, Mr. Speaker. I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their help in creating it. I look forward to seeing it on the floor of the United States House of Representa-tives hopefully in the near future. f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT ANNIVERSARY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, this month we mark the first anniver-sary of an historic agreement between Iran and six major world powers, in-cluding some of our key western allies, plus Russia and China. The agreement was designed to force Iran to back away from the nuclear threshold, acquiring nuclear weapons, which everyone agreed would be a dis-aster. Instead of sober reflection on the suc-cess of the agreement, where we are and where we are going, we will, in-stead, be discussing legislation that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.000 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4664 July 12, 2016 
designed to have the United States break that agreement. In a very dan-gerous world, that agreement has made us a little bit safer. This would be a mistake of tragic proportions to under-mine it. Last year, Prime Minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu, on this House floor, as part of his campaign to scuttle a potential agreement, warned that Iran was on the verge of acquiring nu-clear weapons as thousands of cen-trifuges were whirling to enrich ura-nium. While today, 14,000 centrifuges have been removed from service and placed under international supervision. Iran has removed nuclear material from its once secret facility at Fordow. It has reduced its stockpile of enriched ura-nium from 12,000 kilograms, with a pu-rity as high as 5 percent, to only 300 kilograms, with a purity of no more than 3–2/3 percent. The core of the heavy water reactor at Arak has been filled with concrete. These are not ab-stract numbers and mere technical-ities. Iran has adhered to the agree-ment, making a nuclear breakout hard-er, and take longer. Make no mistake, Iran has some un-savory hardline people in key positions of leadership, but not everyone. Presi-dent Hassan Rouhani has been a voice of and a force for moderation. The Iran people voted for him as a repudiation of the hardliners. The Iranian people are still the most pro-American in the region, where even some of our allies have large anti- American populations. The majority of the Iranian people still like us, despite the fact that America cooperated with Britain to overthrow their popularly elected government in 1953 and install the Shah as dictator, despite the fact that the United States backed Saddam Hussein in the bloody Iraq-Iran war where we would later send American troops to overthrow him. At that time, he used poison gas—and we did nothing to stop him—against Iranians and against some of his own people. The relationship with Iran is impor-tant to not just controlling nuclear threats. Iran is going to play a key role in this troubled area as the major Shia power. Our war against Iraq created huge problems, not just in Iraq, but Syria and Afghanistan. Iran will al-ways play an outsized role. The ques-tion is, can we work with them toward peace and reconciliation? I, for one, will vote against efforts to undercut the agreement when, after a year, all the evidence that I have seen is that the agreement is working and that Iran is complying. I am encouraged that there is a memorandum of understanding with American company Boeing and Iran to purchase 80 jet airplanes and lease an-other 29, supporting over 100,000 jobs in the United States over the next decade. Rather than unwinding this agreement, people should support and strengthen it. Notably, our other partners in the agreement have already started to take commercial advantage. I would rather have American jobs at Boeing than have Airbus sell even more planes to Iran or the French Bombardier manu-facturer. The rest of the world has moved on and America should not move backward. In a troubled world, an opportunity to strengthen ties with a former enemy through trade, job creation, and bring-ing us a bit closer together should not be a major cause for concern. It should be a cause for celebration. 
f 
REMEMBERING MIKE RHYNE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
CHENRY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mike Rhyne, a great man and a friend from Rutherford County, North Carolina. Mike served as an aldermen for Ellenboro, the same town where his brother, Jim, serves as mayor. Ellenboro is a small town, but they don’t actually view themselves that way. In fact, Mike and his late wife, Pat, were instrumental in starting the town’s yearly festival. When they de-cided to figure out a name on what to call it, they called it ‘‘Ellenboro’s Big Day.’’ That was sort of Mike’s person-ality coming through in just the nam-ing of that event. In fact, Mike gave me a T-shirt—and I still have it—‘‘The Big Day’’ T-shirt that he gave me a few years ago. Mike also really deserves a lot of credit for restoring the old Ellenboro train depot and transforming it into the town’s history museum. In this his-tory museum, they pay tribute to the countless veterans that grew up, were raised, and came home to Ellenboro and to those that gave their lives in the service of our country. That really pays a special tribute to the commu-nity. To Mike’s family, I extend my sym-pathies. Ellenboro and Rutherford County have lost a true public servant, and I have lost a good friend. 
RETIREMENT OF CATAWBA COUNTY CHAMBER  
PRESIDENT DANNY HEARN  
Mr. M CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I also rise today to honor a great man and a great friend, one of my constituents from Catawba County. Dave Hearn has served as president of the Catawba County Chamber of Com-merce and has done so for the last 12 years. He recently announced his re-tirement from 43 years of work with chambers of commerce throughout the southeast. Danny is a graduate of Lenoir-Rhyne University. Shortly after graduation, he went to work at the local chamber of commerce as an intern, and that ca-reer would last him until actually just a few months from now. He served local chambers, rising through the ranks from Norfolk, Vir-ginia; Rockingham, North Carolina; Statesville, North Carolina; and he will finish his career in Hickory. Danny is well known for a couple of different things in the community. Danny is most well known for his com-mitment to small business. He has fought tirelessly on behalf of the small business community and the business community generally. In fact, one of the greatest accom-plishments at the Catawba County Chamber of Commerce under Danny’s leadership is the Edison project, a com-petitive contest that awards much- needed start-up capital to local entre-preneurs. He began this initiative in the midst of one of the worst economic downturns in western North Carolina history. Danny knows that the backbone of our local economy and the backbone of our country is small business. He un-derstands that small business develop-ment is the key to our region’s eco-nomic development, growth, and recov-ery. Danny’s work with small businesses has truly paid off. Recent statistics show that wages in Catawba County are growing at a faster rate than most counties in the country, and this is a great success under Danny’s leader-ship. Danny is also extraordinarily well known for his love of golf. Danny’s sec-ond-to-last day on the job in Sep-tember will be hosting the chamber’s annual golf tournament. What a fitting way and a truly poetic way for Danny to end his chamber career. He will be doing two of the great things that he is passionate about: working with small businesses leaders and playing golf. So to Danny: You will truly be missed in Catawba County. Your lead-ership will be truly missed. However, your impact will be felt for generations to come. We thank you for your leader-ship, and I thank you for your friend-ship. f 
ADDRESSING SECURITY THREATS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. A
SHFORD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, we should not leave on the longest sum-mer break in more than three decades while our Nation faces serious security threats. There is no greater responsibility for this body than to keep our commu-nities and our families safe. We face real threats from around the world, from the Zika virus, cyber threats, China, Russia, and North Korea. All of these demand attention, but we must act now to destroy ISIS. The campaign of destruction waged by ISIS has created the worst crisis in the Middle East in a generation and is threatening American lives at home and abroad. When I traveled to the Middle East 17 months ago, I came home and said that this must be our top priority. Congress must come together to develop a com-prehensive strategy that attacks ISIS on all fronts, online and on the ground, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.009 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4665 July 12, 2016 
reducing and eliminating its territory and its ability to direct attacks around the globe. A commitment to this effort will allow our military to make long- term strategic decisions. It is important for Republicans and Democrats alike to find a common vi-sion for this effort. I do not believe that we cannot have and should not have a do-nothing summer while Amer-icans are in jeopardy. 
f 
b1015 REMEMBERING JACK RUBIN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, it is with great sadness and a heavy heart that I come to the floor this morning to commemorate the life of a dear friend, Jack Rubin, who passed away last night at his home in south Florida. Jack was a Holocaust survivor, the only member of his family to survive. He was liberated from Auschwitz in May of 1945, came to America, and served in our United States Army. Over the course of his life, Jack dedi-cated his time to raising awareness about the horrors of the Holocaust and fighting for the needs of survivors. Jack was a regular on Capitol Hill, meeting with Members of Congress and testifying before Congress four times in 2007, 2008, and twice in 2014. On September 18, 2014, Jack testified before a subcommittee hearing, which I chaired, about the struggles of recov-ering assets for Holocaust survivors, and the struggle continues. At this im-portant hearing, Jack laid out all of the difficulties, all of the challenges that Holocaust survivors are facing in America today, the continued struggle to find the justice that has evaded most of them for over 70 years, and the poverty, the lack of medical care, den-tal care, mental health care for many survivors. That is why my colleague, T
ED D
EUTCH , and I authored a resolution, which already passed the House, urging the German Government to fully fulfill its moral responsibility to Holocaust survivors and urgently provide the fi-nancial resources necessary to ensure that survivors live in dignity and com-fort in their remaining years. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to pass this measure immediately because this is about survivors getting all of their needs addressed and getting them addressed immediately. I offer my sincere condolences to Jack Rubin’s widow, Shirley, and their three children—Michael, David, and Lynn—and many grandchildren. In the 2014 hearing, Mr. Speaker, Jack stated: We are losing more and more survivors every day, and the ones remaining need our help now. We will never forget you, Jack Rubin. We must honor Jack’s legacy, Mr. Speaker, by continuing to pursue justice for all Holocaust survivors. ANNIVERSARIES OF THE IRAN DEAL AND THE  
AMIA ATTACK  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, this Thursday marks the 1-year anni-versary since the administration and the rest of the P5+1 nations signed the weak and dangerous Iran nuclear deal. One year later, and Iran continues its push for ballistic missiles, and we are seeing reports from Germany’s intel-ligence services that Iran’s prolifera-tion activities have not stopped, that the regime has increased its efforts to advance its chemical and biological warfare capabilities as well as its nu-clear weapons program. This week, the House will bring to the floor various bills that would am-plify sanctions against Iran. We must ensure that Iran is held accountable for its terror activities and that individ-uals engaged in such activities are brought to justice. Monday marks the 22nd anniversary of the attack against the Argentinian Jewish Community Center called AMIA in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Iran and its proxy Hezbollah, a designated for-eign terrorist organization, were be-hind this heinous and cowardly attack which killed over 80 people and injured hundreds more. Unfortunately, thanks to this weak nuclear deal, some of Iran’s most noto-rious criminals will see sanctions against them lifted, including several individuals responsible for the AMIA bombings. One, General Vahidi, for ex-ample. He is a former Quds com-mander, a former Iranian defense min-ister, and he has been wanted by INTERPOL since 2007 for his direct role in the AMIA attack. Guess what? His name was one of the ones included in this Iran deal for sanc-tions to be lifted. Is that justice, Mr. Speaker? Last year, the special prosecutor on the AMIA and my dear friend, Alberto Nisman, was killed in his home in Bue-nos Aires. I urge the Argentine au-thorities to do everything in their power to continue to properly and thoroughly investigate his death so that those responsible can be brought to justice. The AMIA attack serves as just one reminder of the many threats from Iran and its nefarious proxies that en-danger our national security, the Mid-dle East, and our ally, the Democratic Jewish State of Israel. As we mark the 1-year anniversary of this horrible nuclear deal and com-memorate the 22nd anniversary of the AMIA attack, we must redouble our ef-forts and commitments to hold Iran and all of its cohorts fully accountable. 
f 
WE NEED TO STAND UP FOR THE LGBT COMMUNITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) for 5 minutes. Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, today marks 1 month since the horrific attack on Pulse nightclub that took 49 lives. Many of us have come here to this floor raising our voices to demand that this House take action to prevent the loss of life from guns in this country. But one critical, tragic aspect of this crime that sometimes has gotten lost is exactly who was targeted in the shooting. Pulse was a mainstay of Orlando’s LGBT community, and of the Latino community in particular. Now, more than ever, we need to unite against hatred, discrimination, and bigotry. We need to stand together in calling for justice, peace, and equality. I am, frankly, appalled to see that today, today on the 1-month anniver-sary of the shootings at the Pulse nightclub, instead of standing with the LGBT community, instead of passing background checks, today the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform will be advancing legislation to undermine the existing and insufficient protections that the law provides for LGBT Americans. I am proud that my home State of Connecticut is one of several States to pass legislation protecting the LGBT community from discrimination, whether folks are at work, at school, at the doctor’s office or, yes, using a pub-lic bathroom. Our residents support these laws. We support these protec-tions. LGBT folks are our brothers, our sisters, our friends, our neighbors. They are our kids’ teachers, coaches, and their friends. They give back to our community. They volunteer at church. They serve in public office. In Congress we should be focusing on legislation to prevent discrimination and prevent hatred. Our goal should be a country in which all Americans, in every State, can live their lives free from bigotry and harassment and free of the fear of being targeted with guns because of who people are. Quite sim-ply, I can’t imagine a worse way for Congress to respond to the massacre in Orlando than with legislation attack-ing LGBT Americans. The American people overwhelm-ingly believe that discrimination tar-geting the LGBT community has no place in our society, and yet a bill to support that discrimination is getting a full hearing today. Meanwhile, legis-lation to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists that has broad, bipartisan support among the public cannot get so much as a vote in this House. In the 31⁄2years since the Sandy Hook massacre in my State, in my district in Connecticut, this House has failed to take any action, any action whatsoever to prevent the deaths of Americans by guns. In that time, 100,000 Americans have died from guns, 49 of them in the largest mass shooting in American his-tory 1 month ago, targeted because they are LGBT at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando. Mr. Speaker, it is time to get our pri-orities straight. It is time for us to do what the American people sent us here to do. Let us send a very clear message: We stand up against hatred and dis-crimination; we stand with our LGBT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.003 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4666 July 12, 2016 
brothers and sisters; and we stand with the American people who are demand-ing that this House take action to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous peo-ple, to keep guns away from terrorists, to keep guns away from criminals, to keep guns away from domestic abusers, and to keep guns away from the dan-gerously mentally ill. We need a vote on no fly, no buy. We need a vote on comprehensive back-ground checks on every commercial sale of a gun. The time to act is now, Mr. Speaker, and action is not increas-ing voting to increase discrimination against our LGBT brothers and sisters and to make them more vulnerable to the gun violence that wracks this country. We need to act. The time is now. 
f 
REMEMBERING DAVID ELAHI The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, early on Sunday, July 3, while most of us were resting up for our Independence Day weekends, Sergeant David Elahi was conducting highway safety patrol measures in Sterlington, Louisiana, a city which I represent. That morning, a drunk driver struck and killed David while he was con-ducting a traffic stop. The driver in-jured two other officers as well. David was only 28 years old. Communities in Ouachita Parish and the surrounding areas are still reeling from David’s death because, according to all ac-counts, he was just a great guy. He was a family man who left behind a 2-year-old daughter and his fiancee, who is expecting a child in January. That shift was supposed to be David’s last full-time shift for the Sterlington Police Department. He was planning to retire to take care of home, go back to a business that he had started, wanted to improve it, but he didn’t get there. I rise today because our Nation needs to know about David. They need to know that he was a model citizen pur-suing the American Dream. He was proud of his family. He was proud of his church. He was proud of his home, and he was proud of the service he pro-vided. Last week was a dark week in our Nation. The deaths in my home State of Louisiana as well as those in Texas and Minnesota have once again thrust into the forefront a debate on the role our law enforcement officers play in policing our communities. There have been calls to harm our police, and one man in Dallas did just that. For the first time in history, graphic scenes from our streets are being live-streamed on the Internet. People are reacting sometimes in vio-lent ways. All loss of life is tragic. More violence is not the answer. When tragedies occur, we must fully inves-tigate them and hold accountable any who acted wrongfully. But even when bad things happen, we cannot let these events define who we are and react in ways that divide us. Most of us want the same things: to provide for our families, to better our communities, and to serve our God. The Bible tells us that patience is a virtue, and we must use that wisdom today as we seek answers to questions everyone in society is asking. For me, personally, I believe the overwhelming majority of our police officers are just like David. They serve because they want to make a dif-ference, they want to make their com-munities a better place. They are there and they serve simply because they care. I would encourage everyone listening to take a deep breath and reflect on the services of David Elahi. I want you to think about how he served his commu-nity. I want you to think about his fiancee, his daughter, and the child who will never know him from this point on. I want to remember that fam-ily members of all our law enforcement officers share intimately in the cause of public safety that they want to pro-vide. I also want to think about those five officers in Dallas who lost their lives in the line of duty and how their fellow officers ran toward the gunfire while others ran away. That is what our offi-cers do. That is why they keep us safe. No institution is perfect. People like David do not deserve to be vilified be-cause they chose to serve and protect. People like those officers in Dallas didn’t deserve to be marked for death because they were simply police offi-cers. They did their duty, and they were killed because of it. So thank a law enforcement officer today for what they do for you and for me. Thank their families for sharing in their sacrifice. Say a prayer for David, his family, and the Sterlington com-munity, and say a prayer for all of those who wear the badge. 
f 
b1030 GIVE US A VOTE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, why is it that more than 80 percent of NRA members and over 80 percent of gun owners support back-ground checks? Well, I will tell you why. It is because they are responsible gun owners; and responsible gun own-ers understand that there is nothing wrong with making sure that a pro-spective gun buyer isn’t a terrorist, a criminal, a domestic abuser, or dan-gerously mentally ill. The Supreme Court made that per-fectly clear in District of Columbia v. Heller. The Court ruled that, while Americans have the right to keep and bear arms, there are no constitutional problems with laws prohibiting felons and the dangerously mentally ill from carrying guns. As a responsible gun owner myself, I will never give up my guns, and I will never ask law-abiding individuals with-out a history of dangerous mental ill-ness to give up theirs. And, like other responsible gun owners, I understand that if gun violence continues unabated, then eventually we will see laws that place substantial and overly burdensome restrictions on our right to own guns. To reduce gun violence, we don’t need to stop law-abiding citizens who use guns for hunting, sport shooting, and personal protection from obtaining those firearms. We need to stop terror-ists, criminals, domestic abusers, and those with a history of dangerous men-tal illness from getting guns. Our first line of defense when it comes to making sure that guns don’t fall into dangerous hands is to conduct a background check. And we know that, when used, background checks work. Every day, background checks stop more than 170 felons, some 50 domestic abusers, and nearly 20 fugitives from buying a gun. But sadly, a gaping loop-hole allows those same felons, dan-gerously mentally ill, and domestic abusers to bypass a background check in 34 States. All they have to do is go online or go to a gun show. That is wrong; that is dangerous; and that loophole needs to be closed. That is why it is long past time for the Republican leadership to allow a vote on H.R. 1217, my bipartisan, pro- Second Amendment bill to require a background check for all commercial gun sales. The bill bolsters the Second Amendment rights of lawful gun own-ers by making sure that the bad guys can’t easily bypass background checks when trying to buy a gun. Just as important for the safety and security of our country and our fellow Americans is H.R. 1076, bipartisan, pro- Second Amendment legislation to pro-hibit those who are on the FBI’s ter-rorist watch list from being able to le-gally buy a firearm. We should be able to agree that suspected terrorists shouldn’t be able to legally buy a gun or guns of their choosing. As a responsible gun owner, I am fed up with those who are blindly opposed to background checks hiding behind bumper sticker slogans like: ‘‘Guns don’t kill people; people kill people.’’ Everyone knows that guns don’t kill people, which is exactly why respon-sible gun owners and the overwhelming majority of the American people un-derstand that it is important to run a background check to see if the person buying the gun is a danger to our com-munity. This debate isn’t a choice between re-specting the Second Amendment or re-ducing gun violence. As a responsible gun owner, I am tired of it being framed that way. It is about this Con-gress doing both. The Supreme Court’s Heller ruling provides people on both sides with an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.005 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4667 July 12, 2016 
opportunity to work within the con-fines of the Second Amendment to pass legislation that will reduce gun vio-lence and keep our communities safe. Responsible gun owners across our country understand that. It is time for the Republican leadership in the House to understand it, too. Mr. Speaker, give us a vote. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF NICHOLAS ‘‘CORKY’’ D
EMARCO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, on Friday afternoon, I was deeply saddened to hear about the pass-ing of one of West Virginia’s finest gen-tlemen, Nicholas ‘‘Corky’’ DeMarco. A lifelong West Virginian, Corky was a leader in our State, in both private and public service. For those of you who did not have the privilege of know-ing him, let me tell you a little bit about him. I got to know Corky through our dis-cussions about how West Virginia can benefit from our natural bounty. Under Governor Cecil Underwood, Corky served as the director of operations for the State and helped bring more jobs and industries to West Virginia. Most recently, Corky served as the executive director of the West Virginia Oil and Natural Gas Association. Dur-ing his time with the association, he more than tripled their membership and made significant contributions to the oil and gas industry in West Vir-ginia. His devotion to growing jobs in our State was strong, but his love for fam-ily came before anything else. For Corky, the most important thing in life was his family: his wife, Catherine; two grown sons, Matthew and Joey; and his stepson, Jason Milano. I join all West Virginians in keeping Mr. DeMarco’s family in our thoughts and prayers during this difficult time. Corky will be truly missed. 
OPIOID ADDICTION  
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, overuse of prescription pain medication is one of the leading causes of opioid addiction. When a patient has more narcotic pain medication than they need after a medical event, this excess medication can fall into the wrong hands. Narcotic pain medication in the wrong hands often leads to addiction. In fact, the National Institute on Drug Abuse has found that 1 in 15 people who take nonmedical prescription pain re-lievers will try heroin. Last year, the number of fatal overdoses from prescription painkillers increased by 16 percent—and 28 percent from heroin—in the United States. In West Virginia, the story is even worse. According to a recent study by the Trust for America’s Health, the Moun-tain State has the highest rate of over-dose deaths in the entire United States. This issue is above party politics. It is a plague that all Americans must come together to solve. That is why, in February, I introduced H.R. 4499, the Promoting Responsible Opioid Pre-scribing Act. This bipartisan bill strikes a harmful provision of ObamaCare that places unnecessary pressure on doctors and hospitals to prescribe narcotic pain medication. This concern was brought to my at-tention while meeting with doctors and other healthcare professionals in Charleston, West Virginia, who are ac-tive in our State’s medical society. I thank them for bringing this to my at-tention. It is a perfect example of how government works well. You bring an issue to your Congressman’s attention, and he takes action to solve it. This was their idea. I thank them for bringing it to our attention. I encour-age everyone to bring the ideas you have to help fight back against the opioid epidemic to your local Congress-man. I am proud to say that, less than a week ago, the Department of Health and Human Services announced they are implementing the important policy changes contained in my bill. Almost word for word, the new rules are ex-actly what my bill says need to be done. Since I first introduced the PROP Act in February, I have been calling on Congress to pass my bill. This bipar-tisan legislation has 27 Republican co-sponsors and 16 Democratic cosponsors. My bill puts doctors, not the Federal Government, in control of opioid-pre-scribing decisions. This change in pol-icy is an important fight against opioid abuse. I want to thank the 43 cosponsors in the House and the 8 cosponsors in the Senate in our successful effort to pass this bill’s policies through regulation and help put an end to opioid abuse. f 
LET’S PUT AN END TO GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) for 5 minutes. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, our Na-tion has been repeatedly confronted by senseless and tragic acts of gun vio-lence; and now our country grieves with yet more heartache following the shocking and horrific attack in Dallas last week, an attack that took place during a peaceful protest where citi-zens were exercising their basic rights as Americans, as Dallas police officers supported and protected this fun-damentally American right. As President Obama said: ‘‘There is no possible justification for these kinds of attacks or any violence against law enforcement.’’ This event added to an already heart-breaking week, after the deaths of Philando Castile in Minnesota and Alton Sterling in Louisiana. Today, I am thinking of their families, friends, and loved ones, as I am of the 49 lost at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando just a month ago. I believe that law-abiding citizens have a constitutional right to own fire-arms, whether for sport or personal protection; but I also know that re-sponsible personal freedom and public safety are not mutually exclusive. Shootings have become unacceptably commonplace in our country, and Con-gress has a responsibility to do more to keep guns out of the hands of crimi-nals, domestic abusers, and the dan-gerously mentally ill. In fact, recent polls show that support for universal background checks hovers around 90 percent. No other developed country in the world has the same rate of gun violence as the United States. According to United Nations data, the gun homicide rate in our country is more than 7 times that of Sweden, 6 times that of Canada, and, unbelievably, 21 times that of Australia. As President Obama stated, following the shooting in Oregon: ‘‘We are the only advanced country on Earth that sees these kinds of mass shootings every few months.’’ I agree with Dallas Police Chief David Brown when he said that police departments cannot be expected to solve our Nation’s gun violence prob-lem by themselves. As policymakers, we must be doing more. We should all be inspired by Chief Brown’s commit-ment and willingness to work through personal heartbreak toward a more just and violence-free society. Chief Brown’s urgency is echoed in letters I have received from young peo-ple in my district. Headlines in our communities and those that make na-tional news do not go unnoticed by our Nation’s youngest citizens, children who are growing up with heightened fear, some even afraid to go to school. Abbey, age 13, from Gardner, Massa-chusetts, wrote to me: ‘‘Every single day at school, I am scared an armed in-truder will come in,’’ going on to say that ‘‘the amount of gun violence in our country is piling up, and we need to stop it.’’ Andrew, a high school freshman from Dracut, wrote: ‘‘I have been noticing there are more shootings lately, maybe because I am getting old and paying more attention to what is happening around me than I did before.’’ Imagine, at 14, he is feeling old as he watches our news. Miriam, from Acton, wrote: ‘‘I am only 17 years old, so this current cli-mate of fear and violence is all I have ever known. However, I know that this amount and frequency of bloodshed is not and should not be normal.’’ As a mother, grandmother, and American citizen, it is unconscionable that our children and grandchildren are growing up in a world where they see mass shooting after mass shooting, met only by a moment of silence on this floor. Mr. Speaker, in Congress, we have a moral responsibility to pursue change. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.006 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4668 July 12, 2016 
We must address the senseless violence and injustice afflicting our Nation with ‘‘the fierce urgency of now,’’ to quote the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Our call to action is made more painful and more real with each pass-ing day. Mr. Speaker, bring a vote to the floor on commonsense, universal background check legislation that will keep guns out of the hands of terrorists, crimi-nals, domestic abusers, and the dan-gerously mentally ill. 
f 
GUN BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in support of the bipartisan legislation I have recently filed to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists. H.R. 5576, the Terrorist Firearms Pre-vention Act of 2016, is similar to the bi-partisan agreement championed by Senator S
USAN COLLINS , and would deny the sale of firearms to individuals on the no fly and selectee lists, while ensuring due process is protected for law-abiding gun owners. It was recently announced the House is unlikely to consider any legislation this week pertaining to terrorist access to firearms, and for this, I am truly disappointed. Mr. Speaker, it is time to do some-thing, and this commonsense, bipar-tisan legislation is a step in the right direction. I will continue to work with Members on both sides of the aisle to strike a bipartisan compromise that will protect law-abiding citizens’ con-stitutional rights, while denying the sale of guns to terrorists. 
RECOGNIZING NORBERTO ORELLANA  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to recognize Mr. Norberto Orellana, an incredible young man who, despite facing health challenges and long-term homelessness, recently graduated from the School for Ad-vanced Studies at the Miami-Dade Col-lege Homestead campus with a near perfect GPA, a full ride to college, and a dream to go to medical school. Mr. Orellana has already confronted more hardships in his young life than many of us will encounter in our life-times, but he does so with a positive attitude that inspires all of us. Mr. Orellana was born with cerebral palsy, a permanent movement disorder caused by abnormal development in the part of the brain that controls balance and posture. b1045 By the time he was 5, he had under-gone three major surgeries to correct a club foot, lengthen his muscles, and re-shape his bones. He and his family also battled home-lessness, moving from shelter to shel-ter. However, he never allowed his cir-cumstances to dictate his attitude or detract from his belief in his own po-tential. He used his time spent in hos-pitals to fuel his burning desire to be-come a pediatric orthopedic surgeon. It is an honor for me to recognize Mr. Norberto Orellana on the occasion of his graduation. I cannot wait to see what the future holds for such a bright young mind. COMPREHENSIVE STRATEGY TO DESTROY ISIL  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, the attacks in Orlando, San Bernardino, and across Europe are a horrific reminder that the war on ter-ror continues, and that radical extre-mism from groups like ISIL remains a danger to all freedom-loving people. It is critical that a plan is in place to de-stroy this enemy before the United States and our allies face more sense-less violence from cowardly terrorists. For these reasons, I have cosponsored Representative K
INZINGER ’s bill, H.R. 4869, the Comprehensive Strategy to Destroy ISIL Act of 2016. This legisla-tion directs the Secretaries of State and Defense to submit a joint report to Congress on the strategy to destroy ISIL and its affiliates. It is imperative the U.S. and our al-lies defeat these radical terrorists on their home turf, and this legislation will require a plan from the adminis-tration to do just that. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass this critical bill. 
CONGRATULATING TWO FLORIDA KEYS  
COMMUNITY COLLEGE STUDENT -TEAMS  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize two Flor-ida Keys Community College student- teams who won five medals, two of them gold, at the annual NASA Engi-neering Challenges at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. This yearly competition is geared to-wards encouraging students to pursue STEM-related fields. The TechKeys and RocketTrees worked together to take home the gold in the high-altitude balloon experiment. FKCC is one of only three colleges in Florida to receive a $134,000 grant from the Florida Space Grant Consortium to support the program for 2 years. This grant also provides scholarships to each participating student. Each of these students is also now eligible for an internship at NASA as long as they remain enrolled in a Florida college. Congratulations to the students and their professor, Dawn Ellis, on this prestigious accomplishment. I am proud that they are bringing awareness to the importance of science, tech-nology, engineering, and math. 
f 
OUR NATION IS TIRED OF GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, our Nation is grieving. We are tired. We are tired of the violence that too often unsettles our communities. What a week we had last week. We were horrified by the deaths of Lorne Ahrens, Michael Smith, Michael Krol, Patrick Zamarripa, and Brent Thomp-son—five officers murdered by a sniper in Dallas while they were on duty. We saw very troubling videos of Philando Castile and Alton Sterling being shot. Today we also mark the 1-month an-niversary of the shooting at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, a hateful act on the LGBT community that took the lives of 49 people. This shooting shook the country, as have the many mass shootings that have preceded it. As we still process these deaths, daily violence continues in commu-nities around the country. Over the weekend, the total number of shootings in Chicago, where I come from, this year exceeded 2,100. Over 300 people in Chicago have now died from gun vio-lence in 2016. I have received hundreds and hun-dreds of letters from constituents of all ages concerned about the effect of gun violence in our communities and in their communities. Yesterday I received a letter from a young constituent, an 8-year-old named Kaline. She wrote: ‘‘I read the Sun-Times every day like my dad. I read and still think about the story of Tyshawn Lee. It’s just hitting my mind all the time because it’s not fair. It makes me cry.’’ Tyshawn Lee was a 9-year-old boy in Chicago deliberately assassinated, shot multiple times in the head. Kaline continues: ‘‘I hope people can make better decisions about what to do with guns. I hope people stop fighting about whether we should do gun con-trol because I worry more people and kids like Tyshawn will be killed.’’ We can’t accept violence as normal. This is not the country Kaline should have to grow up in. And how do you ex-plain to an 8-year old that in America, with 91 people dying from gun violence every single day, we have taken no meaningful action? We take action all the time to pro-tect our kids from threats to their safety. We have regulations in place on teddy bears and pacifiers, to protect children’s health and safety, but noth-ing for guns. Guns are specifically exempted from regulation by the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the agency charged with protecting consumers from unreasonable risk or injury or death. Gun manufacturers are pro-tected from liability for damage caused by their weapons. The Centers for Dis-ease Control is actually prohibited, in law, from studying the public health risk of guns. Robert, a 91-year-old and a veteran of World War II from my district wrote: ‘‘You know better than I do the vast array of efforts to protect the Amer-ican people from the recklessness and avarice in the marketplace, yet Con-gress has failed the people in the mat-ter of gun control . . . Today the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.008 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4669 July 12, 2016 
American public is crying for laws,’’ he says. Robert is right. I can think of no other product or industry that has so few measures in place to protect our safety, and we need to rethink our ap-proach to guns. We can’t put the inter-ests of gun manufacturers and the gun lobby ahead of the safety of our com-munities. Those of us in Congress have the power to do something, and it is long past time for us to act. We can start with measures that have broad support among the Amer-ican people. Ninety percent of Ameri-cans support comprehensive back-ground checks. Background checks would help reduce the flood of weapons that come into Chicago from gun shows and online sales. Would it stop every shooting? Of course it wouldn’t. But would it save some lives? Absolutely. My heart goes out to the families in Dallas and Orlando and Chicago and so many other places that have had the lives of their loved ones stolen away by gun violence, and we need to grieve. But after that moment of silence, we must direct our sadness and our anger into action. The problem of violence in commu-nities may seem insurmountable, and no single policy will stop every death. But we should start by passing com-monsense gun legislation supported by the vast majority of the American peo-ple. We need a vote on legislation to keep guns out of the wrong hands. Repub-licans and Democrats and gun owners and NRA members agree that back-ground checks for every gun purchase and closing the gun show loopholes and all the other loopholes will help. So give us a vote, Mr. Speaker. My constituents are crying for action. Let’s act, not ignore their cries any longer. Give us a vote. 
f 
NATIONAL STRATEGY FOR COM-BATING TERRORIST, UNDER-GROUND, AND OTHER ILLICIT FI-NANCING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in sup-port of H.R. 5594, the National Strategy for Combating Terrorist, Underground, and Other Illicit Financing Act. I wish to commend my colleague from Penn-sylvania, Congressman M
IKE F
ITZPATRICK , for his leadership on this bill. This bill would direct the President to work with the Secretaries of the Treasury, State, Defense, and Home-land Security Departments, as well as Federal banking agencies and the Di-rector of National Intelligence to cre-ate a comprehensive national strategy to push back against terror financing. This national strategy would call for an ability to adapt to technology de-velopments used by terrorists and to use technology to fight terror financ-ing; it would encourage working with private financial institutions; and it would emphasize coordination efforts between international, State, and local officials. This is a very good bill, and I am proud to support it. SIMPLIFYING THE APPLICATION FOR STUDENT  
AID 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in sup-port of H.R. 5528, the Simplifying the Application for Student Aid Act. This bill would make it easier for students to fill out the free application for Federal student aid, also known as the FAFSA form, in a number of ways. It would allow students to apply for fi-nancial aid earlier by using tax data from the 2 years prior before the FAFSA is dated. Under this legislation, some of the critical information FAFSA requires would be automati-cally entered, removing barriers that could hinder students in need from ap-plying for aid. We should do everything we can to assist students who want to attend col-lege. And, Mr. Speaker, this legislation will help many students get more of a head start on responsible financial planning for their future. 
SOLAR FUELS INNOVATION  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in sup-port of H.R. 5638, the Solar Fuels Inno-vation Act. This legislation would enable the Federal Government to contribute to advancing energy technology at early stages through the Solar Fuels Basic Research Initiative at the Department of Energy. The initiative would focus on the areas of science that are necessary to develop solar fuels, such as chemistry and materials science. It is important, indeed, and it is critical that we accel-erate the research and deployment of next generation clean energy tech-nologies. In authorizing this research, which would be made available to companies, the Federal Government would help cutting-edge companies take the crit-ical next steps in energy innovation. If we are thoughtful in how we advance American energy innovation, we can create jobs, preserve our resources, and improve the health of our commu-nities. 
RECOGNIZING JOSEPH PARIS  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I wish to recognize Joseph Paris, a teacher at the Stetson Middle School in the West Chester Area School District, who received the Bob Thompson Excellence in Energy Award from the National Energy Education Development Project. Mr. Paris has been bringing tech-nology into the classroom, while spur-ring interest and encouraging students to succeed. Great job, Mr. Paris. RECOGNIZING THE HOME OF THE SPARROW AS  
NONPROFIT OF THE YEAR  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I wish to recognize the Home of the Sparrow as Nonprofit of the Year, as recognized by The Main Line Chamber of Commerce. The Home of the Sparrow provides housing, education, and access to com-munity resources to low-income women in Chester County. And the Home of the Sparrow has helped bring positive change to so many, and con-tinues as a stellar, caring example of making a difference in Chester County. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, it has been 4 days since the mass shoot-ing in Dallas. It has been a month since the mass shooting in Orlando. It has been 7 months since the mass shooting in San Bernardino, and at the Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs. It has been a year since the mass shooting in Charleston. It has been 2 years since the mass shooting in Ump-qua Community College in Oregon. It has been 3
1⁄2years since the mass shooting in Newtown, Connecticut. It has been 4 years since the mass shoot-ing at the theater in Aurora, Colorado. It has been 5
1⁄2years since the mass shooting in Tucson, Arizona, where our colleague, Gabby Giffords, was shot. Mr. Speaker, please talk to Speaker R
YAN. Not once, after any of those shootings, in all of these 5
1⁄2years, have we had one hearing or one vote on gun violence, not one. Now, we have had 60 votes on repeal-ing the Affordable Care Act, none of which went anywhere. The Republican majority has spent millions of dollars going after Benghazi or emails to no avail; but not one vote, not one hear-ing, nothing on gun violence. b1100 Now, Mr. Speaker, you know I would much rather be here talking about the Broncos winning the 50th Super Bowl. I would much rather be talking about the unbelievable accuracy of NASA getting the Juno satellite to Jupiter after 5 years of space travel within 1 second of the planned time. I would much rather be talking about Jenny Simpson, who is a University of Colo-rado graduate who is going to Rio, and wish her much success and that the wind be at her back. Those would be a lot more fun. Those would be some things I would love to do. But we have got to grapple with this issue. It is not going away, and we are not going away. We asked for two commonsense pieces of legislation. They certainly aren’t going to handle all the ills of so-ciety, but one is no fly, no buy; mean-ing, if you are on the terrorist watch list, you don’t get a gun. The second is so common sense, which is background 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.010 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4670 July 12, 2016 
checks on anybody who wants to pur-chase a weapon. Those two simple pieces of legisla-tion we have asked to be brought to this floor. In fact, a couple weeks ago, we were so upset that we actually did a filibuster and broke some rules of this House to try to make our voices heard to have a vote. The Republican major-ity has refused to let us have that vote. Let us have a hearing. These are bi-partisan pieces of legislation sponsored by Mr. K
ING. Mr. C URBELO , just a sec-ond ago, asked that something be brought up, but it is not going to be brought up. It is time. It is time that we have a vote. It is time that we have a hearing. It is time that we do something about gun violence. Today I just brought the picture of Garrett Swasey, the police officer who was killed in the mass shooting at the Planned Parenthood facility in Colo-rado Springs, and a picture to remem-ber, Alex Teves, who was killed in the Aurora movie theater protecting his girlfriend from being shot by a mad-man who thought he was The Joker. It is time, Mr. Speaker. It is time, Mr. Speaker, that we address these things. We can’t avoid it any longer. These subjects are not going away. We are not going away. These people can-not have died in vain. Whether it is the 5 police officers shot last week, the 49 people killed at the nightclub, the hundreds who have been killed by guns over the course of the last few years, it is time for a hear-ing, and it is time for a vote. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 2 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Merciful God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members of this people’s House with wisdom and the courage to address the pressing difficulties of our time. You know each one personally, through and through, and how they re-late with one another. You know them, as Your people know them, as the 114th Congress. Help them to know You. Impel them by Your spirit to act justly and walk humbly with You. Inspire all of our citizens, as well, to look first to their blessings and then charitably to the work of this people’s House. Each Member chooses to serve another day. May each serve with honor, and merit the appreciation of those whom they serve. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. F
ORBES ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. FORBES led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RESTORING THE CONSTITUTION (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to take a stand against bureauc-racy run amok. Every day I hear from hardworking Hoosiers, small-business owners, and family farmers buried under red tape. They feel like their government is actively working against them. From ObamaCare, to the EPA, to many other agencies, the Obama administration has been churn-ing out complex and costly regulations. This has to stop. We can’t have small business, farm-ers, and other engines of our economy held back by the threat of a regulator knocking on their door. That is why we have a plan to restore the Constitu-tion. House Republicans recently re-leased our plan for A Better Way to make our government more account-able and transparent and give power back to the people. Today we are also taking an impor-tant step toward reining in regulators and rebuilding the checks and balances our Founding Fathers intended with the Separation of Powers Restoration Act. Mr. Speaker, with this bill, and our A Better Way agenda, the House is standing up for the people against out- of-control bureaucracy. REBUILDING OUR INFRASTRUCTURE (Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, the poor condition of America’s infrastructure costs our economy hundreds of billions of dollars each year. Freight bottle-necks, aviation congestion, inadequate ports, and deteriorating roads will cost 2.5 million American jobs over the next 10 years unless we address it. Meanwhile, interest rates are at a historic low. The yield on a 10-year Treasury bond is 1.4 percent. Indexed for inflation, the interest rate is nega-tive. Observing this, Nobel Prize econo-mist Paul Krugman wrote: ‘‘They say that money talks; well, cheap money is speaking very clearly right now, and it’s telling us to invest in our future,’’ to nation-build in America. Increasing spending by $250 billion a year, the amount needed to bring our infrastructure to a state of good repair, would create 3 million jobs and would improve America’s competitiveness in the long term. We should use today’s record low rates to finance this inevitable spend-ing. Refusing to do so makes no eco-nomic sense. I encourage this Congress to reconsider before this opportunity is lost. f 
TRAGEDY AT THE BERRIEN COUNTY COURTHOUSE (Mr. UPTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, southwest Michigan has had some tough times lately, and now we are faced with the news that broke yesterday that two bailiffs at Berrien County Courthouse in my hometown of St. Joseph, Michi-gan, were slain by an inmate who had overpowered his guard. So I rise today to offer support and love for the victims’ friends, family and certainly our entire community. We should continue to keep those af-fected in our hearts and in our minds. I also want to thank the countless folks on the front lines who clearly prevented the tragedy from even being worse. The swift actions of those on the ground need to be commended, particu-larly the Berrien County Sheriff’s De-partment led by Sheriff Paul Bailey. I was with him just this past Saturday, and what he had to endure the last 24 hours is unthinkable. I also want to thank the immediate action and outpouring of support from our local officials: St. Joseph Mayor Mike Garey; Benton Harbor Mayor Marcus Muhammad; and State-elected officials, including our Governor Rick Snyder and State legislators John Proos and Al Pscholka. It is times like these when we need to unite as one. This heartbreaking tragedy happened 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.012 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4671 July 12, 2016 
in the blink of an eye, but we will never forget. We will remember and honor Joe Zangaro, who I knew personally, who was the head of courthouse security, a retired Michigan State Police officer. We will remember and honor Ronald Kienzle, a U.S. Army veteran, retired Benton Township police officer. I ask my colleagues and those who hear this message across the country to pray for the families of the two vic-tims, the speedy recovery of another deputy, James Atterberry, Jr., and a civilian caught in the middle, Kenya Ellis. We will get through this to-gether. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Ms. MATSUI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, it has been a challenging and heartbreaking time for our country. Today, we mark the 1-month anniversary of the hor-rible mass shooting in Orlando. As we process the pain from the gun violence that continues to shake our Nation, we must come together and find solutions. We all share a desire to feel safe. We all want our children to grow up free from fear. The violence that has gripped our communities has taken many forms, and stems from many causes. There is no question that we have work to do, and that solutions will not be simple. But we can and should be taking action in Congress to make our citizens safer. We can’t solve every problem overnight, but we can take steps now to do some commonsense things Americans agree on, like ex-panding background checks and pass-ing the bipartisan no fly, no buy bill. Mr. Speaker, let us work together to find a path forward in our shared com-mitment to peace in our Nation. 
f 
MEDICAL DEVICE GUARDIANS (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Medical Device Guardians Act. The Guardians Act up-dates current laws regarding the re-porting of unsafe medical devices by requiring that physicians and their of-fices be added to the list of entities that must report unsafe medical de-vices to the device manufacturer and to the FDA. The tragic stories of women harmed by one particular device known as a laparoscopic power morcellator high-light the need for the Guardians Act. Despite cancer being spread for years by the blades of this device, no one ever reported this deadly safety defect to the FDA. That is until Amy Reed, a mother of six and a doctor underwent morcellation and had cancer spread throughout her body. It should not have fallen on patients to get the FDA’s attention. This bill simply codifies an existing mandate of the American Medical Association’s Code of Medical Ethics, which recog-nizes that physicians are in the best position to identify and report unsafe devices. Today, reporting unsafe de-vices to the FDA is as easy as downloading an app on a smartphone. This is a reasonable fix that will save lives. I urge my colleagues to support it. f 
OUR FIRST LINE OF DEFENSE (Mr. THOMPSON of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, more than 80 percent of NRA members and over 80 percent of gun owners support background checks. It is because they are responsible gun owners. Responsible gun owners under-stand that there is nothing wrong with making sure that a prospective gun buyer isn’t a terrorist, a criminal, a do-mestic abuser, or dangerously mentally ill. Our first line of defense when it comes to making sure that guns don’t fall into dangerous hands is to conduct a background check. But sadly, a gap-ing loophole allows those same felons, domestic abusers, and fugitives to by-pass a background check in 34 States by going online or to a gun show. That is why it is long past time for the Republican leadership to allow a vote on H.R. 1217, bipartisan, pro-Sec-ond Amendment legislation to require background checks for all commercial gun sales. This debate isn’t a choice be-tween respecting the Second Amend-ment or reducing gun violence. As a responsible gun owner, I am tired of it being framed that way. It is about this Congress doing both. Mr. Speaker, give us a vote. 
f 
CUBAN AIRPORT SECURITY (Mr. HUDSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5728, the bipartisan Cuban Airport Security Act of 2016. Over the past several months, the Obama administration and the Cuban Government have stonewalled over-sight of airport security arrangements. This lack of transparency is troubling and begs the question: What are they hiding? As far as we know, Cuban airports don’t have proper screening for explo-sive detection; they can’t check for fake IDs and fake passports; they don’t allow TSA on the ground to evaluate security; and they don’t have air mar-shals on planes. The administration plans to start flights into Charlotte from Cuba in a few months, but they are not doing enough to guarantee there won’t be a security threat on one of those planes. After all, Cuba has been a safe haven for terrorists and was just recently re-moved from the list of state sponsors of terrorism. It is a brutal regime that re-cently hosted the North Korean equiva-lent of our CIA Director. We should not allow the proposed 110 flights a day of commercial air flights—indeed, we shouldn’t allow a single flight until we are absolutely sure they have the prop-er security at airports to protect the American people. This legislation puts the brakes on the President’s dangerous plans. I en-courage my colleagues to support it. f 
IT IS TIME TO TAKE ACTION (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, today marks 1 month since the worst mass shooting in our Nation’s history. This week, we learned that the House ma-jority will not bring a bill to the floor until after the 7-week recess that starts this week. The majority claims that it needs to show calm, that it needs to show lead-ership. Well, the majority has already failed to show leadership. That is why we are not calm. It has been 30 days since Pulse, 223 days since San Bernardino, 226 days since Colorado Springs, 285 days since Roseburg, 362 days since Chattanooga, 390 days since Charleston, 781 days since Isla Vista, 832 days since Fort Hood, 1,030 days since Navy Yard, 1,131 days since Santa Monica, 1,306 days since Newtown, 1,383 days since Min-neapolis, 1,437 days since Oak Creek, 1,453 days since Aurora, 1,562 days since Oakland, 1,735 days since Seal Beach, and 2,012 days since Tucson. This is not leadership. This is cold. This is heartless. This is cowardice. It is time to take action to make our communities safer. 
f 
60TH ANNIVERSARY OF OUR NATIONAL MOTTO (Mr. FORBES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, on July 30 we celebrate the 60th anniversary of our national motto, In God We Trust, which is displayed directly above your chair. Throughout our history as a nation, we have often struggled to find the right words in time of crisis or great challenge. In the War of 1812, we found those words in our national anthem when Francis Scott Key wrote: ‘‘And this be our motto: In God is our trust.’’ In 1864, Congress found them when it authorized the Secretary of the Treas-ury to add the inscription ‘‘In God We Trust’’ on coins. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.014 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4672 July 12, 2016 
In 1955, Congress found those words when it extended the ‘‘In God We Trust’’ to be included on our currency, and in 1956, Congress found them when it adopted ‘‘In God We Trust’’ as the of-ficial motto of the United States. Today, as we see a divided Nation, a nation polarized in almost every area, today as we witness a nation facing cri-sis and challenge in a magnitude we have not seen in many years, as we search for the right words, let us hope we find them once again in the simple but powerful phrase, ‘‘In God We Trust.’’ So today, we celebrate the anniver-sary of this motto and pray for God’s continued blessing on our land. 
f 
b1215 GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, there have been 231 mass shootings in 193 days so far in 2016. That is more than one per day. We are all directly affected by this gun violence epidemic in this country. In my own State and community, we have in fact seen a dramatic increase in this violence. We cannot passively accept that the epidemic of gun violence kills as many people as car accidents every year. And while the mass shootings in this coun-try have in fact become commonplace, I cannot continue to bear witness to the totality of human suffering that this is causing: the mothers and fa-thers who have lost children, the chil-dren who have lost parents, thousands who have lost loved ones, and all those who will in fact endure a lifetime of pain and suffering. That is why, Mr. Speaker, I joined all my Democratic colleagues in an un-precedented sit-in to urge Republican leadership to allow us to vote on legis-lation to close glaring problems in our Nation’s background check system, in-cluding a loophole that has allowed 2,000 individuals on the FBI’s terrorist watch list to successfully purchase a firearm since 2004. Americans have a constitutional right to live without fear of gun vio-lence in our communities. 
f 
TREATMENT BEFORE TRAGEDY (Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, over the past several years, I have met with thousands of families of those suffering with severe mental ill-ness. These conversations led to my in-troduction of the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. Last Wednesday, the House of Rep-resentatives passed this legislation with a near unanimous vote of 422–2. This historic vote closed a tragic chap-ter in our Nation’s treatment of seri-ous mental illness and welcomed a new dawn of help and hope. We have over-whelmingly chosen to deliver treat-ment before tragedy. I now hope our colleagues in the Sen-ate take up the next chapter and pass H.R. 2646. The current chaotic patch-work of antiquated Federal programs and laws make it impossible for those with serious mental illness to get meaningful care. My bill eliminates wasteful and effective programs and di-rects money where it is needed most. It is endorsed by over 50 professional or-ganizations and over 60 newspapers. We cannot let these families down. Lives are depending on it. We must continue to work this bill all the way to the President’s desk for signature. f 
ORLANDO SHOOTING 1-MONTH ANNIVERSARY (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, 1 month ago, 49 in-nocent individuals were mowed down and killed and 53 more were injured. Yet today, the Chamber’s business is still not focused on making our open spaces safer and passing safe gun meas-ures to help protect our people. It has been 1 month after the worst killing in United States history since 9/ 11, and we still have not taken up com-monsense gun safety measures to pro-tect our citizens. Instead, it is business as usual: another bill to impede a wom-an’s right to choose, another appro-priations bill that will undermine the Clean Water Act. As Members of Congress, we have to respond and answer to the American people that we represent—and they are asking for action. Enough is enough. The human rights and civil rights issue of our time is to protect our churches, our movie theaters, and our open spaces from mass murders by guns. Let’s have a vote, Mr. Speaker. Let’s take back our streets and make the Nation safer. 
f 
CUBAN AIRPORT SECURITY (Mr. KATKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my concerns about the Obama administration’s plans to re-store regular air service to Cuba. Just 2 weeks ago, I was scheduled to go on a congressional delegation to Cuba to examine the security measures at Cuba’s 10 international airports to ensure the safety and security of Amer-icans flying to Cuba. This trip was ne-cessitated by stonewalling tactics used by administration officials when asked about security at Cuba’s airports dur-ing a recent Transportation Security Subcommittee hearing. However, the Cuban Government de-nied my visa as well as visas of every single member of the delegation. Be-cause of that, I have serious concerns, as do my colleagues, about the capa-bilities of Cuba’s airport screening equipment and procedures, how Cuban airport workers are vetted, whether or not Federal air marshals will even be allowed to fly missions on American planes to and from Cuba, and many other questions. As the chairman of the Transpor-tation Security Subcommittee, I be-lieve it is my duty to do everything in my power to secure the security of the traveling American public, and I take that seriously. That is why I have in-troduced H.R. 5728, legislation to stop the administration from moving for-ward with flights to Cuba until these security concerns are adequately ad-dressed. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this important piece of legislation. f 
GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION (Mr. GRAYSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rep-resent Orlando, the site of the worst mass shooting in the history of the United States: 49 dead in a matter of just minutes. So far, there has been no action by this body to address any grievances. For instance, we have no action on P
ETER KING’s bill, the no fly, no buy terrorist gun bill. We have no action on P
ETER KING’s second bill, H.R. 1217. We have no action on D
AVID CICILLINE ’s bill to reinstate the assault weapons ban, H.R. 4269; no action on S
HEILA  J
ACKSON LEE’s bill, H.R. 4316; no action on the second bill that she introduced, H.R. 5470; no action on M
IKETHOMP -
SON’s recently introduced bill, H.R. 5504; no action on my own bill to rein-state the assault weapons ban; no ac-tion even to show our respect for the dead by passing H. Res. 789, stalled in this body for a month. I don’t think we should be doing any-thing unless we are going to do some-thing about making the American peo-ple safe again. Therefore, I move to ad-journ in respect of Stanley Almodovar, one of the victims, and the remainder. 
f 
MOTION TO ADJOURN Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ). The question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAY-
SON). The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 0, nays 377, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.015 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4673 July 12, 2016 
answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 55, as follows: 
[Roll No. 404] NAYS—377 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Grayson 
NOT VOTING—55 
Barletta Barton Bishop (GA) Brooks (AL) Bustos Byrne Clawson (FL) Costa Cramer Cummings Davis, Danny DeGette Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Esty Fincher Forbes Foxx Green, Al Grijalva Hastings Heck (NV) Hice, Jody B. Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kirkpatrick Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Nolan Norcross Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Poe (TX) Ribble Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Schiff Sires Stivers Stutzman Takai Tiberi Titus Van Hollen Veasey Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Young (AK) Zinke 
b1244 Mr. HARPER, Ms. JENKINS of Kan-sas, Messrs. NEUGEBAUER, YOHO, WOODALL, Ms. GRANGER, Messrs. BISHOP of Utah and DIAZ-BALART changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to adjourn was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted: On rollcall No. 404, ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, On Tuesday, July 12, I unfortunately missed a rollcall vote on a motion to adjourn. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Rep. G
RAYSON ’s motion to adjourn (Rollcall No. 404). 
f 
b1245 COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, July 12, 2016. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on July 12, 2016 at 11:11 a.m.: That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 44. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
JUSTICE GINSBURG SHOWED BAD JUDGMENT (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in a front page New York Times article, it was reported that Supreme Court Jus-tice Ruth Bader Ginsburg made deroga-tory statements about Donald Trump. Justice Ginsburg was being interviewed by the newspaper so she knew that her remarks would be made public. They were particularly personal and demean-ing. The Code of Conduct for judges states: ‘‘A judge should not publicly endorse or oppose a candidate for pub-lic office.’’ It was totally inexcusable and unpro-fessional for Justice Ginsburg to insult a Presidential candidate. It hurt the credibility of the Supreme Court and showed bad judgment. It will be dif-ficult for the American people to be-lieve Justice Ginsburg can be impartial in any rulings that involve political issues. Her verbal attack on Donald Trump only contributes to the public’s feeling that the justice system may be rigged. 
f 
REMEMBERING AND HONORING THE DEATH OF OFFICER LORNE AHRENS OF BURLESON, TEXAS (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, the city of Dallas experienced tremendous tragedy last week. It was the deadliest day for law enforcement since Sep-tember 11, 2011. Burleson resident, Lorne Ahrens, was one of the five officers who so coura-geously made the ultimate sacrifice. I am honored to have been able to say he hailed from Texas’ 25th Congressional District. At 6 feet, 5 inches, and 300 pounds, Officer Ahrens has been de-scribed as ‘‘a big guy with an even big-ger heart.’’ His colleagues said he always had a smile on his face. He was a loving and devoted husband and father. Officer Ahrens often volunteered at his chil-dren’s schools. He was known to be a jokester, a friend, and a true cop. The day before his death, it was reported 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.016 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4674 July 12, 2016 
that Officer Ahrens bought dinner for a homeless man and his dog. This is who he was. This is who we lost. A semi-pro football player, Officer Lorne Ahrens began as a dispatcher at the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s De-partment and joined the Dallas police force in 2002, eventually becoming a senior corporal. There are no words to express the sadness felt by the entire Burleson community. I send my prayers to his wife Katrina and their family. I am encouraged by the outpouring of support Officer Ahrens’ family has re-ceived, and I know it will continue in our community. May the Lord’s strength give their hearts and souls peace and comfort. In God we always trust. 
f 
125 YEARS OF MINNESOTA SUCCESS (Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate an incredible company and true Min-nesota original, Hormel Foods, which is celebrating 125 years of success. Ever since George Hormel founded what is known today as the Hormel Foods Corporation in 1891, this com-pany has created some of the most well-known products in the food indus-try. Hormel started off as a small-town business in Austin, Minnesota, but quickly evolved with offices opening all over the State and Nation after the introduction of products like the world’s first canned ham. One of the best known products that introduced Hormel to the country and the world is the Minnesota staple called SPAM. Over the past 125 years, Hormel has continued to invent and acquire new products like Skippy Peanut Butter and Applegate Farms. In fact, Forbes has named Hormel one of the most in-novative companies in the food proc-essing industry. I want to thank Hormel for being such a great Minnesota company for the past 125 years and for feeding our State, Nation, and the world. Con-gratulations, Hormel. Minnesota is proud to call you one of our own. 
f 
IRAN DEAL DOOMED FROM BEGINNING (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this Thursday marks the 1-year anniversary of the Iran nuclear deal. Despite assurances from the Obama administration, it is clear we need to do more to curb Iran’s state sponsor-ship of terrorism, human rights abuses, and their ability to destabilize the re-gion. This week, the House of Rep-resentatives will vote on commonsense measures to address these concerns. Heavy water plays an important role in developing nuclear weapons. Yet the Iran nuclear deal allows Iran to possess heavy water up to a certain amount and then sell any additional heavy water on the international market. As a result, the United States, in April, purchased 32 metric tons of heavy water from Iran, which means we are currently subsidizing and re-warding Iran’s production of a key building block for a nuclear weapons program. This just doesn’t make sense and is certainly outside of the idea of the deal that was made over a year ago; that, combined with testing of missiles, new contracts for Iran, and the $150 billion that was released to them. H.R. 5119, introduced by my col-league, Representative POMPEO , would further prohibit that. H.R. 5631 would hold Iran accountable for its State sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities. We need to move these measures and hold them ac-countable. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF WEST POINT CADET TOM SURDYKE (Mr. SMITH of Missouri asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of West Point Cadet Tom Surdyke from Festus, Missouri. I had the honor to appoint Tom to West Point in 2015 and to share in his family’s celebration the day he earned his Eagle Scout. Tom was a member of Missouri Boys State and an honor stu-dent at St. Pius High School. He was the proud son of Tim and Janice Surdyke and the beloved brother of Elaine, Rosemary, and Francie. Tom chose a life of service at West Point, and in his death, he proved that serving others was always in his heart. While on vacation on June 24, 2016, Tom and another swimmer he had just met on shore were caught in a riptide. Tom instinctively went to the other young man who could not swim, keep-ing him afloat. But Tom was pulled under. Tom died in the hospital 4 days later. Continuing his ultimate goal to serve, Tom donated his organs. He was buried at West Point on July 4, 2016— on his 19th birthday. He was given the Soldier’s Medal, the Army’s highest non-combat valor award because he saved the life of another. I grieve the loss of this gifted young man who would have no doubt distin-guished himself in a life of military service. But, today, I celebrate Tom Surdyke’s spirit, his character, and the selfless act that distinguished him in death. 
f 
MAYS’ FAMILY REUNION (Mr. FARENTHOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate a family of Texas pioneers who lived in Robstown, Texas, for 108 years. The first of the Mays family to settle in Robstown were Ella and Riley, along with their 12 children. They arrived in 1912 as the first African American family in the city. On August 7 of this year, they will be holding a family reunion at the Richard M. Borchard Regional Fair-grounds in Robstown. Once Ella and Riley settled, they founded the Mt. Zion Missionary Bap-tist Church, which served as both a church and the first public African American school in the city. They were important members of the community. The city of Robstown even named a street after Riley, who served as the deacon and Sunday school teacher of Mt. Zion where Ella was a nurse and missionary. Their hard work and dedi-cation to faith, family, and community is an inspiration to us all. I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the Mays’ wonderful legacy and lasting impact they have had on Robstown, the Coastal Bend, and be-yond. May God bless you all. f 
LABELING REQUIREMENTS HURT CRAFT BREWERIES (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, Min-nesota is the proud home to over 100 craft breweries. Many of these brew-eries are small, but they still provide jobs and a real impact to our local economies across our great State. There are nearly 5,000 craft brewers across the country. Unfortunately, a provision buried deep within the President’s new healthcare law mandates that brewers label every single beer they produce with detailed calorie information. This labeling requirement is pro-jected now to cost $77,000 per brewery. It is a financial burden that will be simply too steep for a lot of brewers who are just trying to get up and run-ning and operating with little or no profit. This is just the latest excessive and onerous burden placed upon small busi-nesses by the President’s new healthcare law. Mr. Speaker, Wash-ington should be getting out of the way so that craft breweries have a chance to thrive, not putting up more unneces-sary red tape that makes it impossible to do business. It is time to act and repeal this harmful labeling requirement to pre-vent jobs from being lost, and to allow Americans to continue enjoying their locally produced craft beverage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.019 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4675 July 12, 2016 
GIRL SCOUTS’ GOLD AWARD CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the Girl Scouts of the USA who have received their Gold Award for 2016, and to cele-brate the 100th anniversary of this prestigious award. In 1916, the Girl Scouts of the USA, which was founded in Savannah, Geor-gia, 5 years earlier, created the Gold Award as their highest achievement for a Girl Scout. Since its creation, there have been only 1 million Girl Scouts who have re-ceived this award. Young women who receive the Gold Award are true leaders and make a significant impact in their community and around the world. This award is extremely competitive, and recipients show a true commitment in making a difference. The women who receive this award have shown to be more engaged in lead-ership and community service posi-tions and gain a stronger sense of self. For example, over half the women in the 114th Congress were Girl Scouts at one point. Today, I would like to recognize the positive impacts of the Girl Scouts’ Gold Award and celebrate its 100th an-niversary. I look forward to another 100 years of this leadership and making a difference. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5538, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2017; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 15, 2016, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 5, 2016; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 820 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 820 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5538) making appropriations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. S
EC. 2. (a) After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read through page 184, line 21. Points of order against provisions in the bill for fail-ure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI are waived except as follows: page 71, line 19, through page 71, line 25. (b) No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution, amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution, and pro forma amendments described in section 4 of this resolution. (c) Each amendment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules shall be consid-ered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 4 of this resolution, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. (d) All points of order against amendments printed in the report of the Committee on Rules or against amendments en bloc de-scribed in section 3 of this resolution are waived. SEC. 3. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Appropria-tions or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc offered pursuant to this section shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appro-priations or their respective designees, shall not be subject to amendment except as pro-vided by section 4 of this resolution, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Com-mittee of the Whole. S
EC. 4. During consideration of the bill for amendment, the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. S
EC. 5. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. S
EC. 6. Section 454 of H.R. 5538 shall be con-sidered to be a spending reduction account for purposes of section 3(d) of House Resolu-tion 5. S
EC. 7. During consideration of H.R. 5538, section 3304 of Senate Concurrent Resolution 11 shall not apply. S
EC. 8. On any legislative day during the period from July 15, 2016, through September 5, 2016— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 9. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 8 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. S
EC. 10. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 8 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar day for purposes of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). S
EC. 11. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 8 of this resolution shall not constitute a legislative day for purposes of clause 7 of rule XIII. SEC. 12. Each day during the period ad-dressed by section 8 of this resolution shall not constitute a calendar or legislative day for purposes of clause 7(c)(1) of rule XXII. S
EC. 13. It shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of July 14, 2016, or July 15, 2016, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. S
EC. 14. The Committee on Appropriations may, at any time before 5 p.m. on Friday, July 29, 2016, file privileged reports to ac-company measures making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. b1300 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGH -
TER), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consid-eration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule, House Resolution 820, providing for consideration of an im-portant piece of legislation, H.R. 5538, the Department of the Interior, Envi-ronment, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2017. The rule provides for consideration of H.R. 5538 under a structured rule, which is a standard tool currently available under the rules of the House and previously used by both Repub-licans and Democrats for consideration of appropriation bills. However, the Rules Committee received 178 amend-ments to this bill and undertook a long, arduous, and very open process to make as many amendments in order as possible. While 10 were withdrawn, out of the remaining 168 amendments, the committee made 131 in order, almost equally divided between Republicans and Democrats, ensuring that both sides of the aisle have the opportunity to offer their amendments and provide their input on this very important measure. Mr. Speaker, the bill appropriates funding for the Department of Interior, the EPA, the U.S. Forest Service, the Indian Health Service, and various independent and related agencies. This is a fiscally responsible measure that appropriates $32.095 billion in discre-tionary spending, which is a $64 million decrease from fiscal year 2016 and a $1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:58 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.021 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4676 July 12, 2016 
billion reduction from the President’s request. While this bill respects our country’s current fiscal year situation, where our national debt is approaching $20 trillion, it provides the means nec-essary to fund the Department of Inte-rior and environmental programs that protect and promote our natural re-sources within a responsible, yet sus-tainable budget. The legislation includes funding for many important priorities, such as the PILT program that provides funds for local governments in 49 States to help offset losses in property taxes due to nontaxable Federal lands within their counties. Without congressional ac-tion, many rural communities would face huge budget shortfalls because of Federal land ownership, which would impact public safety, education, and other local government responsibil-ities. The bill also rejects a White House proposal that would have raised fees on American ranchers for grazing on Fed-eral lands, which is another costly Fed-eral proposal that ranchers simply can-not afford. It allocates an increase for on-the-ground sage grouse conserva-tion to protect the species, while also preserving Federal lands for public and private uses, such as energy develop-ment, ranching, recreation, as well as military training. Finally, it provides the National Park Service with targeted funding in-creases for park operations and main-tenance to help reduce the Park Serv-ice’s maintenance backlog, which cur-rently stands at an astonishing $12 bil-lion, and we simply must address. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5538 also includes conservative policy provisions to stop the bureaucratic regulatory overreach that is harming the United States. Job creation and wage growth continue to be stifled by EPA and other Federal regulations. In response, this bill denies funding for job-killing rules and contains provi-sions to stop the regulatory overreach that is restricting economic activity. Specifically, the bill reduces funding for the EPA by $164 million below the fiscal year 2016 level and $294 million below the President’s request. Within this total, EPA’s regulatory programs are reduced by $43 million from the current level. Additionally, it rejects the Presi-dent’s proposal to increase staffing at the EPA and holds the agency to the current capacity of 15,000 positions, which is the lowest level since 1989. Over the past few years, we have heard time and again about the EPA overstepping its authority, whether by lobbying for the misguided and uncon-stitutional WOTUS rule, or by pro-viding funds to groups that openly ad-vocate and lobby for antiagricultural policies and legislation, which hap-pened in my State of Washington with the illegal ‘‘what’s upstream’’ cam-paign. To hold the EPA accountable and stop its antigrowth agenda of numer-ous harmful, costly, and potentially job-killing regulations, the bill con-tains a number of legislative provisions to halt these actions. Mr. Speaker, this legislation also in-cludes language prohibiting the Forest Service or the BLM from issuing new closures of public lands to hunting and recreational shooting, which will pre-serve public access so that everyone can enjoy these American pastimes on our treasured Federal lands and na-tional forests. Further, the measure prevents the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from closing fish hatcheries, a key salmon recovery tool in the Pacific Northwest and in other parts of the country, and continues a 1-year delay on any further Endangered Species Act status reviews, determinations, and rulemakings for the greater sage grouse. Additionally, H.R. 5538 provides crit-ical funding for the Department of In-terior and the U.S. Forest Service to prevent and combat devastating wildfires. This is particularly impor-tant to me and the people of Washing-ton’s Fourth Congressional District. My State and much of the West have experienced catastrophic wildfire sea-sons over the last 2 years, with the State of Washington enduring back-to- back years of record-setting fires, which have been fueled by not only a lack of rainfall and extremely arid con-ditions, but also poor forest manage-ment. It also includes $575 million for hazardous fuels management, which is $30 million above the fiscal year 2016 level, and will help ensure our forests are cleared, healthy, and better pre-pared to withstand future wildfires, something that is badly needed not only in central Washington, but across the West, as we head into another dry fire season. Mr. Speaker, this is a good rule that provides for consideration of the FY 2017 Interior, Environment, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations bill, which promotes the responsible use of our natural resources, provides the tools necessary to protect and combat devastating wildfires, and invests in programs and infrastructure to im-prove the quality of life for families across the country. However, most im-portantly, this is a fiscally responsible bill that reflects the priorities of House Republicans in tackling our yearly deficits and out-of-control national debt. I think it strikes a smart, inten-tional balance between funding essen-tial programs and making responsible reductions to lower priority activities to make sure we meet our tight budget guidelines, which is why I urge my col-leagues to support the rule and the un-derlying bill. I reserve the balance of my time. 
MOTION OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON OF FLORIDA  
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will state his motion. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, if we are not going to do anything about gun violence today, maybe we can do some-thing about it tomorrow. I move to postpone this question to a date certain tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 6(b) of rule 13, the gentle-man’s motion is not in order. Mr. GRAYSON. I appeal the ruling of the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman’s appeal may not be enter-tained. As reflected by the ruling of Speaker Crisp of September 20, 1893, an appeal of the Chair’s refusal to enter-tain a motion on the grounds that it is dilatory within the meaning of clause 6(b) of rule XIII is itself dilatory within the meaning of that rule. f 
MOTION TO ADJOURN Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to adjourn offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 0, nays 362, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 70, as follows: 
[Roll No. 405] NAYS—362 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.023 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4677 July 12, 2016 
Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Grayson 
NOT VOTING—70 
Barletta Bass Bishop (GA) Black Butterfield Calvert Ca´rdenas Clawson (FL) Collins (NY) Comstock Crawford Davidson Davis, Danny Edwards Ellison Fincher Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garamendi Granger Green, Al Grijalva Hastings Heck (WA) Hinojosa Hultgren Israel Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jordan Lamborn Larsen (WA) Lummis Marchant Marino McGovern Miller (FL) Nolan Nugent Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Poe (TX) Rangel Ribble Rigell Rooney (FL) Russell Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scott (VA) Sewell (AL) Simpson Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stivers Stutzman Takai Tiberi Titus Veasey Wagner Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) b1343 Messrs. GOHMERT, COFFMAN, LAB-RADOR, and CARTER of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to adjourn was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5538, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2017; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 15, 2016, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 5, 2016; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGH -
TER) is recognized for 30 minutes. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) for graciously yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, despite the repeated claims by the majority that the Cham-ber is an open one and represents the American people, we have not had a single open rule since Speaker R
YAN assumed the gavel. Although they claim there are many restricting amendments processed to prevent so- called ‘‘poison pill’’ amendments, noth-ing could be further from the truth, and, frankly, even poison pill amend-ments are allowable. The bill before us contains several controversial policy riders that vir-tually guarantee the President’s veto and blocks a number of amendments that would be in order under the stand-ing rules of the House. b1345 The bill drastically underfunds im-portant agencies and programs by more than $1 billion below the President’s request. This sends a message that the majority puts what is best for their special interests ahead of what is best for the health of our communities. I am particularly concerned that the bill makes draconian cuts to the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, which will undercut the health and safety of all Americans—these cuts, despite the ongoing public health disaster in Flint, Michigan, where, for the rest of their lives, the children who were poisoned by lead in their drinking water could suffer from neurodevelopmental dam-age that could lead to everything from behavioral changes, to anemia, to hy-pertension. All across the Nation, there are cen-tury-old water pipes in older cities in desperate need of replacement. Al-though lead pipes were banned 30 years ago, there are an estimated 3 to 10 mil-lion still in service today. My district has an estimated 23,000 lead service lines that lead from the water main to the curb, and that is 40 percent of all the water lines in the district. Multiple schools in the district re-cently tested have found elevated lead levels in their water sources. The ma-jority refuses to make virtually any in-vestments in our Nation’s infrastruc-ture as it crumbles. But as you know, Mr. Speaker, lead has been found in the drinking water in the Cannon Building, one of the legislative office buildings. I can almost guarantee you that before the next week is out, that that will be taken care of. I don’t know how this Congress can ignore the needs of the young people in Flint, Michigan, and other children throughout this country who are drinking lead water in their schools such that we will take care of what happens here in Congress and completely overlook and ignore their needs. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, being as we have no additional speakers, I just would like to inquire of the gentle-woman from New York if she is ready to close. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, every day we are here considering bills like this that will never become law, and every time we do that, that is another day that we have failed to combat the gun violence epidemic that is tearing our country apart. Mr. Speaker, an epidemic of gun vio-lence is happening all across the coun-try, and the majority should stop the political games and the gimmicks. In-stead of voting on another one-House bill that is sure to be vetoed by the President should it ever become a two- House bill, we should be voting on no fly, no buy. It is astonishing to Amer-ican citizens that persons who are on the no-fly list as suspected terrorists can nonetheless buy guns. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up this im-portant legislation. No fly, no buy is a commonsense, bipartisan bill that would keep guns out of the hands of suspected terrorists. In the interest of public safety, if nothing else, we should be doing that by all means. It is sup-ported by nearly 90 percent of the pub-lic and deserves our consideration. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on or-dering the previous question, the rule, and the underlying bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.006 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4678 July 12, 2016 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. The rule we have considered today provides for consideration of an impor-tant and badly needed bill. This legisla-tion funds critical activities, such as wildfire mitigation and response, PILT payments for counties with large amounts of Federal lands, fish hatch-eries that are helping to meet salmon recovery goals, the $12 billion mainte-nance backlog on our National Park Service lands, and the need to address the problem of lead in drinking water across our country. This is also a fiscally responsible bill that reflects House Republicans’ prior-ities in tackling our out-of-control na-tional debt. This is accomplished by striking a smart balance between fund-ing essential programs and making re-sponsible reductions to lower priority activities to ensure we meet our tight budget guidelines. This bill includes provisions that will roll back and pre-vent many harmful Federal regulations that have had a chilling effect on busi-ness development and economic activ-ity at a time when we can ill afford ei-ther. The measure protects the rights of law-abiding Americans by prohibiting Federal agencies from issuing new clo-sures of public lands to hunting and recreational shooting as well as from regulating the lead content of ammuni-tion and fishing tackle. Mr. Speaker, this legislation recog-nizes and respects the current fiscal landscape, lowers overall funding in the bill by $64 million below current levels and $1 billion below the Presi-dent’s request, yet it still provides the means necessary to fund the Depart-ment of the Interior and environmental programs that protect and promote our natural resources with a responsible, yet sustainable, budget. Additionally, the measure provides critically needed funds to ensure forest health and combat wildfires, a priority for many living in the West who have seen devastating wildfires destroy homes, businesses, and millions of acres of land over the last few years. This is a strong rule that provides for the consideration of a very important bill, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port the rule’s adoption and invest in a prosperous future for our country by passing the FY 2017 Interior and envi-ronment appropriations bill. The material previously referred to by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 820 O FFERED BY  M
S. SLAUGHTER  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 15. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1076) to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of a firearm or the issuance of firearms or explosives licenses to a known or suspected dangerous terrorist. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 16. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 1076. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4992, UNITED STATES FI-NANCIAL SYSTEM PROTECTION ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5119, NO 2H2O FROM IRAN ACT; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5631, IRAN ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 819 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 819 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 4992) to codify regula-tions relating to transfers of funds involving Iran, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services; and (2) one motion to recommit. S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 5119) to prohibit the obligation or expenditure of funds available to any Fed-eral department or agency for any fiscal year to purchase or issue a license for the pur-chase of heavy water produced in Iran. All 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.027 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4679 July 12, 2016 
points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provi-sions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs; and (2) one motion to recommit. S
EC. 3. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 5631) to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provi-sions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs; and (2) one motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Res-olution 819 allows for consideration of three very important bills relating to the national security of the United States of America. Each of these bills deals with Iran, the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. The conduct of the Iranian Govern-ment continues to be very concerning. Iran has a clear record of human rights violations and mistreatment of its citi-zens. Iran also has continued aggres-sive behavior, including testing inter-continental ballistic missiles, which can be used to attack our allies in the Middle East, like Israel, as well as the potential to strike us here at home. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper wrote in testimony to the Senate Committee on Armed Serv-ices earlier this year: ‘‘The Islamic Re-public of Iran presents an enduring threat to U.S. national interests be-cause of its support to regional ter-rorist and militant groups and the Asad regime, as well as its develop-ment of advanced military capabili-ties.’’ Iran is not becoming a better partner or neighbor. Just look no further than the capture at gunpoint and detention of 10 U.S. sailors earlier this year. A Navy investigation released a few weeks ago found that Iran violated international law and violated sov-ereign immunity during that episode. Clearly, they are no friend of the United States. So these bills address three different areas where the United States can stand up to Iran and encourage them to stop with their rogue actions and put-ting lives at risk. First, the resolution allows for consideration of H.R. 4992, the United States Financial System Protection Act. This legislation will codify existing requirements that pro-hibit the Obama administration from allowing the U.S. dollar to be used to facilitate trade transactions with Iran. These requirements will remain in place until the President certifies that Iran is no longer supporting terrorism, developing ballistic missiles, abusing human rights, or laundering money in support of dishonest activity. Iran’s financial sector poses a clear risk to financial markets around the world, given their track record of cor-ruption and support for terrorism. In fact, the Financial Action Task Force, an organization created by the G7 to set standards regarding money laun-dering, has labeled Iran as a Non-Coop-erative Country or Territory. If Iran doesn’t want to be subject to these re-strictions, then it is simple: they just need to stop supporting terrorism and conducting other illicit activities. I don’t think that is too much to ask. The bill also allows for consideration of H.R. 5119, the No 2H2O from Iran Act. This straightforward bill prohibits the United States from purchasing heavy water from Iran. For those who do not know—and until I learned about this, I would have been one of those—heavy water is es-sential to the production of weapons- grade plutonium. News reports from just yesterday indicate the Obama ad-ministration has officially purchased 32 metric tons of heavy water from Iran for $8.6 million. That is $8.6 million in U.S. taxpayer money that will be going to the largest state sponsor of ter-rorism. That is simply absurd. If Iran isn’t producing nuclear weap-ons, then why do they need such large amounts of heavy water to begin with? Iran needs to stop with their produc-tion of heavy water altogether. The last thing the United States should do is continue to support and condone their illicit activities. Finally, the bill also provides for consideration of H.R. 5631, the Iran Ac-countability Act. This bill will ensure strong sanctions remain in place against Iran for their support of ter-rorism as well as their human rights violations and continued ballistic mis-sile program. Holding Iran accountable is critically important, and it is clear that our sanctions against Iran work. Robust economic sanctions will force Iran to back down from their rogue activities and stop supporting terrorism. b1400 Just consider the serious threats posed by Iran’s ballistic missile pro-gram. Mr. Clapper, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, has also written in testimony to the Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee that ‘‘Iran’s ballistic missiles are inherently capable of de-livering weapons of mass destruction, and Tehran already has the largest in-ventory of ballistic missiles in the Mid-dle East.’’ The United States cannot stand by and become complicit with these ac-tions by Iran. We must stand up for freedom, justice, and good around the globe. Mr. Speaker, I want to quickly make one other point. I know Members of this House have different opinions about the Iran nuclear agreement. Per-sonally, I was and am strongly op-posed, because I think it makes the world less safe. But regardless of your views on the Iran deal, can we not all agree that Iran should stop supporting terrorism? Can we not all agree that Iran should face consequences for the continued violation of human rights? Can we not all agree that Iran should stop pro-ducing ballistic missiles that can be used to attack U.S. servicemembers and our allies and us here at home? Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to stand up to Iran. Support House Reso-lution 819 and the underlying legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman for yielding the customary time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-tion to the rule that provides for con-sideration of three bills: H.R. 5631, H.R. 5119, H.R. 4992. Mr. Speaker, the Joint Comprehen-sive Plan of Action is an agreement which was the culmination of 2 years of negotiations between the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, China, Germany, and Iran. It was really a turning point in the his-tory of nuclear disarmament and pre-vention of nuclear proliferation. We have certifiable assurance from Iran that it will cease to develop its nuclear weapons program. It was an historic diplomatic effort. Obviously, the jury is still out on whether it works. But at this point, we need to move forward on the rigid implementa-tion of this agreement. While any multilateral agreement, by its very nature, is far from perfect, many believe that this deal represented the best shot at preventing a nuclear- armed Iran. So far, it is too early to say whether the agreement is working. There is no doubt—and I think there is agreement—that Iran is a desta-bilizing force in the region. It is a hos-tile regime. The regular regime and their theocracy and the Ayatollah reg-ularly spout anti-American, anti- Israel, anti-Semitic, anti-gay state-ments. They have a track record of supporting terrorist activities and have a horrible domestic record on human 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.008 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4680 July 12, 2016 
rights. But as many renowned experts, including military officials and non-proliferation experts and nuclear physicists have recognized, there weren’t any better options on the table than the JCPOA to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons. The deal is not based on blind trust. It is predicated on third-party verifica-tion and strong international moni-toring provisions that need to be fully implemented so that we will know if the Iranians cheat. The deal mandates that if Iran violates any aspect of the deal, there are tough snapback sanc-tions that would be employed against the Iranians. Keep in mind that there are a num-ber of sanctions that are not related to nuclear deterrence. Those are still in place with regard to Iran, and will re-main in place with regard to terrorist activity and human rights. The bill does not remove the military option from the table if today’s Iranian re-gime or future Iranian regimes fail to abide by the agreement. In contrast, the three bills under con-sideration today are an effort to under-mine the direction that America and Israel are going with regard to rigid implementation of the JCPOA. Let’s start with the flawed process. None of these bills have had a chance to be considered by committee. They just sort of appeared here in the Rules Committee. They didn’t go through the Foreign Affairs Committee or the Armed Services Committee or any other committee. They skipped a markup. They skipped bipartisan nego-tiations. As far as I know, I certainly didn’t see them. I don’t think any Members on my side of the aisle saw them—if the gentleman has other in-formation, let us know—until earlier this week. So I am not aware of any bipartisan negotiations. Certainly, that normally occurs in the committee. This leapt over the committee and went right to the Rules Committee and, of course, will be considered under a closed rule, which means Members of this body, Democratic and Republicans, had no chance to amend these bills that mys-teriously appeared on Monday. They didn’t have a chance in committee. It went through committee. They don’t have a chance here because the Rules Committee actually blocked every amendment by having a closed process. We have an amendment process for a reason, under regular order. It provides Members of this body, the majority and minority party, the opportunity for input and debate. It often leads to a better work product. Unfortunately, under this rule, it is not being allowed on those bills. These bills short-circuited the proc-ess. They are bad bills. It is only through continued engagement and rigid implementation that we can con-tinue to make sure that Iran does not develop nuclear weapons, by keeping our voice and the conversation at the table. If we don’t do that, it would be a critical miscalculation. We can agree that the Iranian regime can be untrustworthy, and that is why we need rigid implementation of the JCPOA. Getting Iran to the negoti-ating table reduces the risk of adding another nuclear state to a secure world. We need to verify, verify. And, of course, all options remain on the table. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I was listening to the gentleman’s comments. The reason why I know amendments were made in order is that only one amendment was received by the committee. It was re-ceived after we had finished having the testimony before the committee and shortly before the committee was going to take up the rule. So there really wasn’t any reasonable way to consider that particular amend-ment. And since no other Member of the House had offered any amend-ments, there really weren’t any amend-ments to make in order. The second point he said is that we are proceeding on the assurance that Iran is going to comply with the agree-ment—the assurance of Iran, when we have recent news reports that people in other countries that are working on this, particularly in Germany, have found that there have already been vio-lations of this agreement by Iran. So there is every reason to believe that an assurance from Iran means nothing. Nothing. He says we need to move forward with implementation. Well, there is nothing in the underlying bills that would stop implementation of this agreement that the President agreed to and that, unfortunately, not enough of us were against to stop. So the agree-ment is going forward, much to my chagrin. These three bills deal with specific threats from Iran that have nothing to do with the agreement. They deal with the production of heavy water. There is no reason for us to buy heavy water. There is no reason for them to produce heavy water unless they are producing weapons-grade plutonium. And there is no reason for them to produce weap-ons-grade plutonium unless they are producing weapons, which is a viola-tion of the agreement. They should not be able to use Amer-ican currency to effect their trans-actions. And we should put very heavy sanctions on them while they continue to support terrorism around the world and while they continue to support ever bigger, ever longer-range ballistic missiles. Let’s make no mistake about it. Long-range ballistic missiles are not needed to hit Israel. Long-range bal-listic missiles are needed to hit Europe and the United States of America. So these three bills don’t get at the agreement that the President has al-ready agreed to and that people on the other side of the aisle and some others said were okay. These get to the re-maining threats against the people of the United States. I would suggest to the gentleman that these three bills are very much important to what we need to do to protect the American people. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, one year ago, America made a momentous decision concerning the best way to deal with Iran, a dangerous, authori-tarian regime with a history of pro-moting terrorism. We made a choice between war and peace. We learned something from the colossal failure of the Bush-Cheney go-it-alone, war-of- choice in Iraq. We wisely chose the path of diplomacy. Now, one year after these very dif-ficult negotiations with Iran, we should recognize that success has been achieved. And even though we have not limited every danger from Iran, we have limited the most significant dan-ger, the development of a nuclear weapon. Whereas before, Iran could have developed a nuclear weapon with-in a few months, it now would take a year or more, if Iran made that hor-rible decision to produce a nuclear weapon. Before the agreement, Iran’s nuclear program was cloaked in secrecy. Now we have inspectors and the opportunity for rigorous examination of their sites on a regular basis. Tomorrow, if Iran were to decide to produce a nuclear weapon, not only would it take four to six times longer than before, we would quickly be aware of it and would be able to take appro-priate action. Iran has shipped over 8.5 tons of en-riched uranium to Russia. It has dis-abled more than 12,000 centrifuges and poured concrete into the core of a reac-tor at Arak designed to produce pluto-nium. Now, it is the United States that is acquiring some of Iran’s heavy water that might have gone to nuclear pro-duction. Each of these steps carries us further on a long and important road toward eliminating Iran’s short-term uranium and plutonium pathways to a nuclear weapon. That is progress, by every measure. America and our key allies are safer today than we were a year ago, and before that—safer than if we had followed their path of confronta-tion and war. Continuous, intrusive monitoring is the key to keeping our families safe and avoiding war. An impressive bipartisan group of some 75 high-profile signatories—Nobel laureates, generals, diplomats, and leg-islators—have approved this accord, advising the President and Congress yesterday that this agreement is ‘‘pro-viding greater security to our friends and partners in the region and to the world,’’ noting that ‘‘all pathways to an Iranian nuclear weapon have been blocked.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.031 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4681 July 12, 2016 
After doing everything they possibly could think of to subvert and under-mine the negotiations while they were underway with Iran—even an out-rageous letter from a Republican group of Senators telling the Iranians to be-lieve them and not the President of the United States—the Republicans today continue to interfere with and refuse to accept peace as the better course to safeguard our families. Through today’s debate, they launched yet one more partisan attack on this agreement. In all, they have au-thored more than 20 pieces of legisla-tion attempting to undermine this agreement. While the administration properly fo-cuses our energy on enhanced verifica-tion, Republicans focus theirs instead on how to destroy the agreement. It is much like the debate we had over the Affordable Care Act. All they are con-cerned with is one vote of repeal after another, and they offer no viable alter-natives. That is the case here. Instead of focusing on how to make us safer, their goal is to undermine the Presi-dent of the United States and destroy this agreement. As usual, my colleagues are choosing inaction over a Plan of Action. They know the President has issued a veto threat. In the unlikely event that this regressive legislation were to be ap-proved in Congress, it would never be-come law. Today they are adopting a procedural rule so that this House will waste a full day discussing how to destroy the Iran nuclear agreement. It will not address gun violence. It will not address the failure to fund research for a vaccine to prepare and prevent the Zika virus from spreading. It will not do anything about voting rights or a host of other issues this Congress should be consid-ering. Instead, it is raising three bills going the wrong direction. Some of those that reject diplomacy today are the same people that were backing the go-it-alone invasion of Iraq, a debacle second to none in the history of America. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. DOGGETT. One country, more than any other, benefited from their wrong-headed decision, and was em-powered. That country was Iran. Today, diplomacy, the opposite of war, is hard to start and easy to end. Let us continue on that path. The path ahead remains difficult. Iran will be challenging. We must watch it like a hawk and monitor it, but we need not yield to the hawks who reject peace. b1415 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, the gen-tleman said that the decision made last year was a momentous decision. I agree with him. It was a momentous decision and I fear it is a decision that our chil-dren, our grandchildren and great grandchildren will come to regret, a decision that will give us not only a nuclearized Iran, but a nuclearized Middle East. He said there was a choice between war and peace. That was a false choice. There was a choice between keeping the sanctions in place to get a better deal or giving in, and we gave in. So the truth of the matter is that we had a real option out there, and that was to stick to our guns and get a better deal. We didn’t do that. We could sit back and watch what is happening, or we can do something. These bills do something that don’t un-dermine the agreement that has al-ready been reached and already been basically approved by a number of peo-ple in this House. What we are looking at is a nuclearized Middle East, unless we take some steps now, and these under-lying bills do that. We are not safer today because of what we did. The world is far more dangerous. I sit on the Armed Services Com-mittee. I can tell you that that deci-sion last summer has destabilized fur-ther the Middle East, not further sta-bilized it. Finally, the gentleman brought up the Zika virus. We passed a responsible bill through this House that dealt with the Zika virus and sent it to the Sen-ate and Democrats in the Senate are blocking that bill from coming up. So who is being responsible about Zika? The Republicans are being re-sponsible about Zika and the Demo-crats are being irresponsible. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to inquire if the gentleman has any ad-ditional speakers. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I do not, and I am prepared to close. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I will be offering a mo-tion in a moment that, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to bring up the bipartisan ‘‘No Fly No Buy’’ legislation, so this will give Members of this body another opportunity to vote on bringing up the bill that would bar the sale of explo-sives and firearms to terrorists, and help make sure that terrorists don’t as-semble arsenals in our country to com-mit terrorist acts against our country. The time to act is now. To discuss our previous question, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OG-
GETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I think the previous question is extremely im-portant because Republicans, just as they fled in the middle of the night from discussing gun violence before the July 4 break, have now decided not to consider a gun bill at all, even an NRA- backed proposal they have rejected. But I want to ask the gentleman spe-cifically about the comments that were just made about the Zika virus and the possibility of an epidemic, because it is so important. Am I correct that that proposal that he says they passed is the first one in the history of my time here, and perhaps in the history of this body, where they prohibited even one minute of debate of the way that they were funding Zika by taking the funds away from Ebola and threatening our public health system? It is not a question of Democrats having blocked something. It has been their refusal to deal with and recognize the public health challenge, denying $4 of $5 asked for by the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention to deal with Zika, even threatening the possi-bility of developing a vaccine. Is that correct, this has been the his-tory of their failure to come to terms with a major public health crisis and listen to the scientists and the physi-cians and the public health experts and, instead, pursuing this ideological crusade to take away money from pub-lic health? Mr. POLIS. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. DOGGETT. I yield to the gen-tleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. The gentleman from Texas is correct. Effectively, rather than actually find resources to develop a vaccine against Zika, they basically said, we are going to be taking the money from Ebola, which, by the way, still exists, still is a threat. We need to be ready for the next threat of an Ebola or Ebola-like danger to our citi-zens from a public health perspective. In addition, the initial Republican attempts included things that they long wanted to do, like remove dan-gerous insecticides from the list of in-secticides that are prohibited, due to their harm to human health as well as ecosystems and animal health. The solution is straightforward. We need to develop a vaccine. We need to increase our public health infrastruc-ture around this menace, and the bill fell short on that account because, ef-fectively, it said, we might be able to not deal with Ebola and deal with this instead. The truth is, the American people want a public health infrastructure that keeps them safe from Ebola and Zika and every other potential biologi-cal threat that is out there. The Amer-ican people want to be safe. It is a dy-namic world with increased travel, in-creased commerce. There are biological threats from all quarters, and we need the public health infrastructure to keep up with that. Mr. DOGGETT. Those Texas-size mosquitos that are beginning to spread around my part of the country, they can’t tell a Republican from a Demo-crat. Young women desirous of having a family, people of all ages and gen-ders, are threatened by Zika. It is just a matter of time before the Continental United States faces some of the problems that Puerto Rico al-ready faces, and what we need is to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.049 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4682 July 12, 2016 
come together and have a bipartisan solution, not something offered in the middle of the night on which all debate is denied, a totally partisan approach. So just as I am pleased that we have strong bipartisan support for the Iran Nuclear Agreement, coming together with this major letter that was sent to us yesterday, that is the kind of bipar-tisan approach I hope we can work to eventually, perhaps when we come back after this long Republican recess, one of the longest in the history of the Congress, to address Zika, and address these other problems that they refuse to deal with today. I thank the gentleman. Mr. POLIS. I thank the gentleman from Texas. Mr. Speaker, the time to act is now. If we can defeat this particular pre-vious question, we will bring up the bill that prevents terrorists from assem-bling arsenals of weapons. We also, of course, want to be part of a constructive discussion around com-bating the Zika menace. I am hopeful that the House will find time to do that in the next few days. I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the R
ECORD along with extraneous mate-rial immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ to defeat the previous question so that we can keep our country safer. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bills because they interfere with our efforts to prevent Iran from developing nu-clear weapons in the rigid implementa-tion of the JCPOA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. As frequently happens around here, the House passed one version of the Zika bill, the Senate passed another version. The Senate version contained $1.1 billion in spending. The House, in our agreement to the conference com-mittee, agreed with the $1.1 billion, so we, essentially, agreed to what the Senate wanted to have in terms of the dollar amount. So we brought that conference report to the floor of this House so that we could go ahead and move that before we went out for Fourth of July recess. But, instead of helping us to pass that, my friends from the other side of the aisle blocked the well, tried to stop us from bringing it up. And I would say this: There was some talk about amendments. We don’t nor-mally have amendments to conference reports. That is not typical procedure around here. Perhaps more to the point, we couldn’t get to an amendment debate because of the way we had behavior on the floor of the House that evening which, by the way, was in violation of the House rules. So it has been the Republicans that have tried to get something that would help with this Zika virus problem, and we have been blocked, almost com-pletely blocked here on the floor of the House by the Democrats, and then blocked completely over in the Senate by the Democrats in the Senate. The Republicans are taking a respon-sible, constructive approach, and the Democrats, they just want to block things to try to make some political points and raise money or whatever it is they are trying to do. The material previously referred to by Mr. POLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 819 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC4. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1076) to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of a firearm or the issuance of firearms or explosives licenses to a known or suspected dangerous terrorist. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 1076. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 819 and the underlying bill. I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.078 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4683 July 12, 2016 
today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. Record votes on postponed questions will be taken later. 
f 
TESTED ABILITY TO LEVERAGE EXCEPTIONAL NATIONAL TAL-ENT ACT OF 2016 Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5658) to amend title 5, United States Code, to codify the Presidential Innovation Fellows Program, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5658 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tested Abil-ity to Leverage Exceptional National Talent Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘TALENT Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. PRESIDENTIAL INNOVATION FELLOWS PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER V—PRESIDENTIAL INNOVATION FELLOWS PROGRAM ‘‘§ 3171. Presidential Innovation Fellows Pro-gram ‘‘(a) P
OLICY .—It is in the national interest for the Government to attract the brightest minds skilled in technology or innovative practices to serve in the Government to work on some of the Nation’s biggest and most pressing challenges. This subchapter establishes a program to encourage success-ful entrepreneurs, executives, and innovators to join the Government and work in close co-operation with Government leaders, to cre-ate meaningful solutions that can help save lives and taxpayer money, fuel job creation, and significantly improve how the Govern-ment serves the American people. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator of General Services shall continue the Presi-dential Innovation Fellows Program (herein-after referred to as the ‘Program’) to enable exceptional individuals with proven track records to serve time-limited appointments in Executive agencies to address some of the Nation’s most significant challenges and im-prove existing Government efforts that would particularly benefit from expertise using innovative techniques and technology. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Program shall be administered by a Director, appointed by the Administrator under authorities of the General Services Administration. The Ad-ministrator shall provide necessary staff, re-sources and administrative support for the Program. ‘‘(d) A
PPOINTMENT OF FELLOWS .—The Direc-tor shall appoint fellows pursuant to the Program and, in cooperation with Executive agencies, shall facilitate placement of fel-lows to participate in projects that have the potential for significant positive effects and are consistent with the President’s goals. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall pre-scribe the process for applications and nomi-nations of individuals to the Program. ‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM STANDARDS .—Following pub-lication of these processes, the Director may accept for consideration applications from individuals. The Director shall establish, ad-minister, review, and revise, if appropriate, a Governmentwide cap on the number of fel-lows. The Director shall establish and pub-lish salary ranges, benefits, and standards for the Program. ‘‘(f) SELECTION , APPOINTMENT , ANDASSIGN -
MENT OF FELLOWS .— ‘‘(1) P
ROCEDURES .—The Director shall pre-scribe appropriate procedures for the selec-tion, appointment, and assignment of fel-lows. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION .—Prior to the selection of fellows, the Director shall consult with the heads of Executive agencies regarding potential projects and how best to meet those needs. Following such consultation, the Director shall select and appoint individ-uals to serve as fellows. ‘‘(3) T
IME LIMITATION .—Fellows selected for the Program shall serve under short-term, time-limited appointments. Such fellows shall be appointed for no less than 6 months and no longer than 2 years in the Program. The Director shall facilitate the process of placing fellows at requesting Executive agencies. ‘‘(g) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF AGENCIES .—Each Executive agency shall work with the Direc-tor and the Presidential Innovation Fellows Program advisory board established under section 3172 to attempt to maximize the Pro-gram’s benefits to the agency and the Gov-ernment, including by identifying initiatives that have a meaningful effect on the people served and that benefit from involvement by one or more fellows. Such agencies shall en-sure that each fellow works closely with re-sponsible senior officials for the duration of the assignment. ‘‘§ 3172. Presidential Innovation Fellows Pro-gram advisory board ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Administrator of General Services shall continue an advisory board to advise the Director of the Presi-dential Innovation Fellows Program by rec-ommending such priorities and standards as may be beneficial to fulfill the mission of the Presidential Innovation Fellows Program and assist in identifying potential projects and placements for fellows. The advisory board may not participate in the selection process under section 3171(f). ‘‘(b) C
HAIR; M EMBERSHIP .—The Adminis-trator shall designate a representative to serve as the Chair of the advisory board. In addition to the Chair, the membership of the advisory board shall include— ‘‘(1) the Deputy Director for Management of the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(2) the Director of the Office of Personnel Management; ‘‘(3) the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government of the Office of Man-agement and Budget; ‘‘(4) the Assistant to the President and Chief Technology Officer; and ‘‘(5) other individuals as may be designated by the Administrator. ‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .—The advisory board may consult with industry, academia, or nonprofits to ensure the Presidential Innova-tion Fellows Program is continually identi-fying opportunities to apply advanced skillsets and innovative practices in effec-tive ways to address the Nation’s most sig-nificant challenges.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER V —PRESIDENTIAL INNOVATION  
FELLOWS PROGRAM  ‘‘3171. Presidential Innovation Fellows Pro-gram. ‘‘3172. Presidential Innovation Fellows Pro-gram advisory board.’’. (c) TRANSITION .—The Presidential Innova-tion Fellows Program established pursuant to Executive Order 13704 (5 U.S.C. 3301 note) as in existence on the day before the date of enactment of this Act shall be considered the Presidential Innovation Fellows Program de-scribed under this section. (d) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No additional funds are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out this Act or the amend-ments made by this Act. This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be car-ried out using amounts otherwise author-ized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
EDLIEU) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5658, the TALENT Act of 2016, introduced by our distinguished majority leader, Rep-resentative K
EVIN MCCARTHY of Ba-kersfield, California. I commend the leader for bringing before the House this bill as part of his Innovation Ini-tiative, rethinking what government does and how government operates. Mr. Speaker, the TALENT Act makes permanent the Presidential Innovation Fellows program that was created by the administration in 2012. This highly competitive program recruits talented innovators and technologists to Fed-eral agencies from the private sector. During this short timeframe, fellows work on initiatives to transfer ideas into tangible results for American tax-payers at startup speeds. Since 2012, 96 top innovators have been recruited into the program from across the country. Presidential Innovation Fellows are rethinking what government does and how government operates. Consider one example of the program’s work. Presi-dential Innovation Fellows improved services available to veterans, transitioning servicemembers, and their spouses. As a result, veterans now have better access to a re´sume´-builder, a military skills translator, and de-tailed career and training resources all together in one place. Mr. Speaker, the Presidential Inno-vation Fellowship program is dem-onstrating results and should continue. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5658. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of the TALENT Act. I believe it will help our government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4684 July 12, 2016 
continue to attract the best and the brightest to help some of our Nation’s largest challenges. This Act codifies Executive Order 13704, and ensures the continuation of the Presidential Innovation Fellows program, which helps bring private-sec-tor information technology solutions to Federal agencies. Established by President Obama in 2012, this program has matched over 100 innovators with top civil servants at 25 different Federal departments and agencies. These partnerships harness new technology and tools to create a more effective and efficient govern-ment. During their tenure, fellows work to quickly deliver innovative products and services that help im-prove the way the Federal Government interacts with the American people. The fellows are as diverse as our country and come from every region, age, skill, race, and gender. They have experience at companies like Google and Facebook, degrees from some of our top universities, extensive experi-ence in nonprofits and, most impor-tantly, a desire to harness their skills for public service. Past projects include the Blue But-ton Initiative, which allows 150 million Americans access to their own health data so they can make informed deci-sions about their family’s care. The GeoQ project provides FEMA with better on-the-ground knowledge in times of disaster, using crowdsourced pictures to better assess damages and needs. The NotAlone.gov project provides students and law enforcement per-sonnel resources on responding and preventing sexual assault on college campuses. And as a veteran myself, I appreciate the Veterans Employment Center, which has created a central hub for those who served with resources and potential employers to help them make the transition to civilian life. This is a good bill that would make permanent a successful program. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the major-ity leader. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the American people deal with their government in different ways almost every day; veterans trying to navigate the Federal bureaucracy, entrepreneurs dealing with regulations, citizens looking to access public infor-mation. b1430 Dealing with the government is never as clear, as easy, or as efficient as it should be. That is because, while the world has changed in so many ways, government has stayed in the past. Just think of how little government has changed. In the 1930s, we got our news from the radio and the morning paper; today we get it on our phones. In the 1930s, we would cool off by opening the window or using a fan; today we have central air. In the 1930s, the VA processed paper disability claims; today it still processes paper disability claims. Why is it that we expect more tech-nology from our phones every month yet tolerate the exact same from our government year after year after year? Government is stuck in the past. We need to bring it into the future, and that is one of the two pillars of the In-novation Initiative. Bringing government into the 21st century demands challenging the sta-tus quo. That begins with people, mak-ing sure the American people benefit from the best talent our country has to offer. The Presidential Innovation Fellows program allows highly talented profes-sionals—that means engineers, design-ers, and innovators from across the country—to build a more efficient, ef-fective, and accountable government. They challenge old ways of thinking and introduce new approaches to make our government work the way Amer-ican people believe and deserve it to work. Now, I sponsored the TALENT Act to make sure this program continues into future administrations. By codifying the Presidential Innovation Fellows program into law, we can continue bringing positive disruptors to Wash-ington and modernize our government. The greatest resource we have in our country is the American people. We need the talent of the American people now more than ever before so we can reform government so it works well for everyone. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. This is a great piece of legislation. Regardless of which side of the aisle we sit on and regardless of whether we think government is too big or too small, I think almost everybody in this Chamber should be able to agree that the government needs to do its job well. It needs to spend taxpayer money efficiently. It needs to get the job done for the American people. One of the ways it can do that is by adopting modern technology and tak-ing advantage of the disruption that we have seen in the private sector that has brought us innovations like our phone that now is more powerful than a desk-top computer just a few years ago. I agree with the gentleman from California. It is absolutely imperative that we provide better, more efficient service to our veterans, but the same should be true in dealing with every area of government. You should get as good service from the government as you do in the private sector. We can talk all we want about the Federal bureaucracy, and I am sure I will probably disagree with some of the folks on the other side of the aisle about some of the pros and cons of this. But I think what we have seen in Cali-fornia, in Texas, in the Carolinas, in Boston, and all over this great Nation, as we have seen this boom in tech-nology, as we have seen the changes that are coming that we are able to do more with less, we are able to do things faster, we are able to be more efficient, and we are able to give people more lei-sure time. This innovation economy, this mindset of the entrepreneur is something that this program brings into the Federal Government. Many people spend long careers in the Federal Government where it is often disincentivized to innovate. This short-term program that brings the best of the best into the government for short periods of time to shake things up and to rethink how we do things is one of the ways that we can make it where the Federal Government actually can compute its way out of a paper bag. It is a way we are able to help our veterans. It is a way we are able to help all of our citizens by pro-viding the services that we choose to provide as a government in the most efficient manner, and it gives us an op-portunity for somebody who is stand-ing outside of the box to take a look at what we are doing so maybe we can act a little bit outside of the box and do a better job. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this phenomenal bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5658. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE REGULATORY PARITY ACT OF 2016 Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5421) to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to apply the exemption from State regulation of securities offerings to securities listed on a national secu-rity exchange that has listing stand-ards that have been approved by the Commission, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5421 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Se-curities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act of 2016’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.038 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4685 July 12, 2016 
SEC. 2. APPLICATION OF EXEMPTION. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77r(b)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A); (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘that the Commission determines by rule (on its own initiative or on the basis of a petition) are substantially similar to the listing standards applicable to securities described in subparagraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘that have been approved by the Commission, con-sistent with section 2(c) of the National Se-curities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act of 2016’’; (3) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or (B)’’; and (4) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respec-tively. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect— (1) on the date of enactment of this Act, with respect to a national securities ex-change registered with, and whose listing standards have been approved by, the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission on or before the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) on the date the Securities and Exchange Commission issues the final rule required by subsection (c), with respect to a national se-curities exchange not described under para-graph (1). (c) R
EPLACEMENT STANDARDS .—Not later than 360 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Com-mission shall, by rule subject to public no-tice and comment, establish minimum core quantitative listing standards pursuant to section 6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gentle-woman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  W
ATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5421. This is the National Securities Ex-change Regulatory Parity Act. If you go back to 1996, as part of the National Securities Market Improve-ment Act, Congress acted to exempt the listed securities on three specific stock exchanges from State-by-State registration. Why was that exemption important? You can ask anyone from Massachusetts who tried to invest in a little company called Apple during its December 1980 IPO. State regulators banned Apple stock for sale to the pub-lic for, in the view of State regulators, being too risky. Congress passed a good bill in 1996, but we got one thing wrong. We couldn’t predict the future. Today, only two of the original three ex-changes exist, and many more, many more exchanges have joined the fray. The SEC’s interpretation of the law has, in fact, created a two-tiered legal structure by giving this blue-sky ex-emption exclusively to the original three named exchanges. The bill before us today simply gives all national securities exchanges equal treatment under the law. We give an immediate exemption to securities list-ed on a national securities exchange registered with the SEC and whose list-ing standards have already been ap-proved by the Commission, and we ask the SEC to engage in a rulemaking to establish minimum core quantitative standards for any new exchanges that register with the Commission after the bill’s enactment. With so many regulatory impedi-ments to capital formation, it is im-portant we encourage new exchanges to become listing venues and a source of capital for companies looking to go public, looking to expand, and looking to hire more workers. So I want to thank Ranking Member MAXINE WATERS . I also want to thank her staff for working with us to get this bill to the floor. I also want to thank my good friend from New York, Congresswoman C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY , for her constructive additions to the bill since committee markup. Finally, I would like to thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING and his able staff, Rebekah Goshorn and Kevin Edgar, for all of their hard work. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this common-sense legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to first thank my Republican colleagues for amending H.R. 5421 in an attempt to improve the status quo for the benefit of securities exchanges and the inves-tors that trade on them and provide the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion with additional discretion in a currently inflexible process. H.R. 5421 would modernize a 1996 law that governs the process used by the SEC in determining whether an ap-proved listing standard of a national securities exchange should be exempt from State regulation and oversight. That outdated process currently re-quires the SEC to compare listing standards to an imperfect baseline—the standards of the New York Stock Ex-change, the American Stock Exchange, and the NASDAQ Stock Market. Twenty years later, that baseline does not make much sense, as the American Stock Exchange no longer exists, and we have six other exchanges that are approved to list securities without State oversight. It neither seems fair to the other exchanges nor sufficiently protective of investors to allow the three named exchanges to ef-fectively dictate listing standards. However imperfect, the current standard has guided the SEC to create an informal framework to consider cer-tain core listing standards, such as minimum revenue, market capitaliza-tion, number of shareholders, and share price. Now, the bill that we marked up in committee would have upended this framework and preempted States for any approval listing standard. I op-posed that bill, as I believe it would have removed a valuable analysis that protects investors and ensures appro-priate State oversight of smaller com-panies that may, in the future, list on a venture exchange. Since that time, however, my Repub-lican colleagues have worked to take into account these concerns and have amended the bill for the better. I want to thank Mr. ROYCE for his leadership and for the work that he has done on this issue and the time that his staff has spent with my staff. Under the bill before us today, the SEC would have nearly a year to en-gage in a rulemaking to establish min-imum core quantitative listing stand-ards that protect investors and the public interest. That rulemaking would provide clarity and transparency to the preemption process and leave the issue of State oversight over small company trading on venture exchanges with the SEC. Most importantly, it would pro-vide investors and interested members of the public the opportunity to com-ment on the overall process in a space where investors and the public do not have the resources to comment on each of the 1,000 rules proposed each year. I do have some remaining concerns that the bill directs the SEC to imple-ment only core quantitative standards and does not mention qualitative standards. However, under the bill, the quantitative standards are to be in-formed by qualitative factors like in-vestor protection and the public inter-est, and the SEC retains its authority to apply other qualitative factors, as it does now, in its initial rule approval and the preemption process. Moreover, I would expect the SEC, in its rulemaking, to establish quan-titative standards for some of the qual-itative factors that it currently con-siders, such as the number or percent-age of independent board directors and certain shareholder meeting require-ments. So I would like to thank Mr. R
OYCE  and my Republican colleagues for amending H.R. 5421. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. I want to thank the gen-tlewoman from California for her work to improve the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). He would like to speak on the bill. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the National Secu-rities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act of 2016. I want to thank the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. R
OYCE , for introducing this legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.011 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4686 July 12, 2016 
I am a proud cosponsor. I was also ex-cited to see a very strong bipartisan vote of support in the Financial Serv-ices Committee. b1445 This is a simple technical fix to a 20- year-old statute that didn’t foresee, or at least didn’t contemplate, an in-crease in the number of exchanges and today’s competitive market structure. In 1996, Congress enacted the Na-tional Securities Markets Improve-ment Act, which codified the blue sky exemption for companies listed on the three predominant listed venues of that time: the New York Stock Ex-change, the American Stock Exchange, and the NASDAQ. The blue sky exemp-tion means securities will not be sub-ject to both State and Federal regula-tion, which can be redundant and over-ly burdensome. Currently, exchanges not enumerated by the Act must have ‘‘substantially similar’’ listing standards as those that are specifically named in the Act. This puts these exchanges in an unneces-sary, government-created, competitive disadvantage. It functionally prevents a handful of exchanges from being a first mover in adopting innovative list-ing standards. The unintended consequences of Con-gress’ amendment to include specific references to just a few exchanges is a two-tiered regulatory structure and is unfair to exchanges that have since registered with the SEC. According to the Chicago Stock Ex-change, it is not currently a primary listing exchange for any securities, ‘‘in part because such securities would be subject to both Federal and State regu-lation, which is prohibitively costly and overly burdensome to potential listing companies. This change would remove this current impediment to companies listing their securities on CHX and would help in the exchange’s efforts to develop a robust primary listing market here in Illinois.’’ Furthermore, this legislation would benefit the options industry, which has its home in Chicago as well. The Chi-cago Board Options Exchange is the largest market for stock options. Why should one of the most innovative and respected markets have to jump through unnecessary hurdles to update its listing standards? We should not have artificial impedi-ments to accessing the capital mar-kets. I urge all my colleagues to oppose this commonsense legislation. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5421, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 820; Adoption of House Resolution 820, if ordered; Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 819; Adoption of House Resolution 819, if ordered; Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 5658. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5538, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPRO-PRIATIONS ACT, 2017; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 15, 2016, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 5, 2016; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 820) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5538) mak-ing appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017, and for other purposes; providing for proceedings during the period from July 15, 2016, through September 5, 2016; and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 236, nays 174, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 406] YEAS—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—174 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.041 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4687 July 12, 2016 
Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—23 
Barr Bishop (UT) Carson (IN) Collins (GA) Foxx Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Loudermilk Marchant Marino Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Speier Stutzman Takai Veasey 
b1510 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. FINCHER changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 406, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ (By unanimous consent, Mr. B
ARTON  was allowed to speak out of order.) 
2016 CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL GAME  
Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, first, I think we should all recognize that this is a moment of tragedy in our great country. Our President and former President, as we speak here on the House floor, are in Dallas, Texas, at a memorial service for the officers who were killed and wounded and for the two civilians in the shooting incident in Dallas last Friday; so this is a sol-emn day for our country. But, here in Washington, several weeks ago, we had our annual congres-sional baseball game. As you can tell by the piece of hardware to my right, for the first time in 8 years, the Repub-licans won, which is something that we can be proud of. Before I comment for the winning side, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE ), my good friend and the manager of the congressional Democratic team. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas. All of us on this side of the aisle share the grief and the sadness we all feel about the lives lost in Dallas, in Louisiana, in Minnesota, and anywhere in this country where innocent victims lose their lives. Well, this is unfamiliar territory for me. I haven’t had a speech prepared for this one. Mr. BARTON. It doesn’t feel very good, does it? Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, that trophy sure looks out of place on that side of the aisle, but I want to say congratulations to the Republican team. You guys played a good game, and you deserved to win. We make no excuses. It was a very exciting contest for the fans in the stands to watch. As always, Joe, as you and I both know, the big winners are the Boys and Girls Club of Washington, D.C., the Washington Literacy Council, and the Dream Foundation. I believe we were able to raise $500,000 this year. And that is really what this is all about and why we play this game and the camara-derie that goes along with it. So I would say to my friend from Texas, enjoy that trophy in your office this year because it is coming back to a different location next year. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE ). He and I serve on the same committee, and both of our staffs have worked well to-gether on this game. Mr. Speaker, in 2013, the Republicans were outscored 22–0 in this game. That was the low point of my entire congres-sional career, not just baseball, I mean, legislative, you name it. But we have risen from the ashes. My coach, Representative R
OGER WIL-
LIAMS , who is right behind me, has worked tirelessly. We had 32 Repub-lican Members who suited up for the game. Twenty-seven of those were able to play in the game. We had great pitching from M
ARK WALKER , JOHN S
HIMKUS , and our closer P ATMEEHAN . We had great hitting. I think we got 14 hits. We were comfortably ahead, and then the Democrats came back in the sixth inning and went ahead. And then we came back in the bottom of the sev-enth with two outs. Our slugger from the Sunshine State of Florida, Mr. T
OM R
OONEY , slammed one down the right field line. And B
OBDOLDfrom Illinois scurried home, and I will be darned if we didn’t win the game by one run. So we kind of slaughtered you all this year. It is going to be a competitive game next year, Mr. D
OYLE . In all honesty, it is one of the highlights of my year. I am not like Roger. I don’t like getting up at 6:30 in the morning to practice, but we do it. I would like for every Member of the Republican team that has played and practiced to stand up. I would like all my team members to stand up. I didn’t hear much applause on that side of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, it is a great game for charity. I think the series now is 39 and 39; is that right? So next year, it is bragging rights for the century. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Speaker, I would ask our Democratic Members to stand up and be recognized, too. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, we have a Member from the other body who actu-ally was one of our stars, Senator JEFF F
LAKE of Arizona. So we appreciate him coming over. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 237, nays 179, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 407] YEAS—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.012 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4688 July 12, 2016 
Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—179 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—17 
Brady (TX) Foxx Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Jolly Marchant Marino Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai Veasey 
b1523 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4992, UNITED STATES FI-NANCIAL SYSTEM PROTECTION ACT OF 2016; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5119, NO 2H2O FROM IRAN ACT; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5631, IRAN ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 819) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4992) to cod-ify regulations relating to transfers of funds involving Iran, and for other pur-poses; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5119) to prohibit the obli-gation or expenditure of funds avail-able to any Federal department or agency for any fiscal year to purchase or issue a license for the purchase of heavy water produced in Iran; and pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5631) to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 241, nays 174, not voting 18, as follows: [Roll No. 408] YEAS—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—174 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.014 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4689 July 12, 2016 
NOT VOTING—18 
DeSaulnier Foxx Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Jolly Marchant Marino Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai Tsongas Veasey 
b1530 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 237, nays 172, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 409] YEAS—237 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NAYS—172 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—24 
Allen Brat Capps Foxx Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Marchant Marino Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Polis Rush Sanchez, Loretta Smith (NJ) Stutzman Takai Tonko Veasey 
b1536 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted: On rollcall No. 409, ‘‘nay.’’ f 
TESTED ABILITY TO LEVERAGE EXCEPTIONAL NATIONAL TAL-ENT ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5658) to amend title 5, United States Code, to codify the Presidential Innovation Fellows Program, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 409, nays 8, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 410] YEAS—409 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.015 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4690 July 12, 2016 
Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—8 
Amash Brooks (AL) Grothman Jones Massie Perry Sanford Sensenbrenner 
NOT VOTING—16 
Foxx Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Jolly Marchant Marino Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai Veasey 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1542 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
SEPARATION OF POWERS RESTORATION ACT OF 2016 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 796 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 4768. Will the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ) kindly take the chair. b1543 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 4768) to amend title 5, United States Code, with respect to the judicial re-view of agency interpretations of stat-utory and regulatory provisions, with Mr. S
IMPSON (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose on Monday, July 11, 2016, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–641, offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) had been postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–641 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 1 by Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. Amendment No. 3 by Mr. M
EEKS of New York. Amendment No. 4 by Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. Amendment No. 5 by Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 194, noes 223, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 411] AYES—194 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Walberg Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
NOES—223 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.018 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4691 July 12, 2016 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Turner Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOT VOTING—16 
Foxx Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Jolly Marchant Marino Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai Veasey 
b1548 Ms. STEFANIK and Mr. KATKO changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . MEEKS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. M
EEKS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 174, noes 243, not voting 16, as follows: [Roll No. 412] AYES—174 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—243 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—16 
Foxx Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Jolly Marchant Marino Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai Veasey 
b1552 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 174, noes 243, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 413] AYES—174 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.023 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4692 July 12, 2016 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—243 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—16 
Foxx Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Jolly Marchant Marino Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai Veasey 
b1556 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 235, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 414] AYES—181 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.020 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4693 July 12, 2016 
McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—17 
Foxx Goodlatte Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Jolly Marchant Marino Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai Veasey 
b1600 Mr. CLEAVER changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 414, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. Under the rule, the Com-mittee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. S
IMPSON , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 4768) to amend title 5, United States Code, with respect to the judicial review of agency interpreta-tions of statutory and regulatory pro-visions, and, pursuant to House Resolu-tion 796, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. KEATING. I am in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Keating moves to recommit the bill H.R. 4768 to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same to the House forthwith with the following amend-ments: Page 3, line 11, insert after ‘‘extent nec-essary’’ the following ‘‘, and except as other-wise provided in this section’’. Page 4, line 3, insert after the period at the end the following: 
SEC. 3. EXCEPTED RULES REGARDING THE PRE-VENTION OF FIREARMS TRANSFERS TO CRIMINALS AND SUSPECTED TERRORISTS. 
Section 706 of title 5, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) In the case of a rule made by the At-torney General pertaining to the implemen-tation of the national instant firearms back-ground check system, including rules per-taining to the denial of firearms transfers to international or domestic terrorist suspects, to the extent necessary to decision and when presented, the reviewing court shall decide all relevant questions of law, interpret con-stitutional and statutory provisions, and de-termine the meaning or applicability of the terms of an agency action.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. My amendment doesn’t delay or send back the underlying bill. It does, how-ever, deny firearms transfers to inter-national domestic terror suspects. Mr. Speaker, before I came to this Congress I was a prosecutor. I was a district attorney. And under Massachu-setts law, I was individually respon-sible for investigating every death in my district for foul play. Many times, I was at a violent crime scene where families had lost a son or a daughter, a brother or a sister, a mother or a father. Every time, I would meet with these families after these terrible tragedies, if not at the crime scene, then at the hospital, or at their home, or in my office. And what was the first thing I told them after telling them how sorry I was for this tragedy? I think every single person in this Chamber knows what I told them be-cause I sincerely believe that every Member in this Chamber would say the same thing if they were in that posi-tion. I have come to know you, I have come to learn about you, and I sin-cerely believe that you would ask this very same question. That question is, if there is anything, anything at all that I can do for you, please let me know. There are few, if any, more helpless feelings I have ever felt in my life than during those moments. Never did I want to do so much, yet felt powerless to do so little. Even years after a conviction, during the appeals process, the family mem-bers would talk when we would meet as if it were yesterday. They would talk about things like how they still kept a jersey or some jeans in a drawer at home because they didn’t want to let go of the memory of a son who would never wear those clothes again. Whether it was their faith in God or being strong for their family, they somehow went on. I never have wit-nessed courage quite like theirs. Invariably, there was one thing that they did ask me, every single family that I can remember, they said: Please do everything you can so that another family doesn’t go through what we are going through. My team did everything we could so that those criminals we prosecuted did not do what they did to another person again. And isn’t that what we are being asked to do in this Congress? We all realize that there is no single way to prevent every gun death, but we can reduce them. Some of the hardest cases I witnessed were motor vehicle homicide cases, lives snatched away in an instant. Yet, decades ago, Congress worked together to reduce the number of deaths on the road. They worked together for safer roads, safer cars with air bags and in-fant seats. In 1972, over 54,000 people were killed on the road in this country. Yet, 4 dec-ades later, that number went down by 40 percent, all the while Americans driving more miles than they ever had any time before. The very same thing can be achieved with universal background checks, lim-iting the sales of assault weapons, re-stricting access of deadly weapons to those on the terror watch list. So families are asking us, because we are the only ones they have to ask, to do everything that you can so that an-other family doesn’t go through what they went through. We can keep guns out of the hands of terrorists, and we will. Ninety percent of the public supports these actions. We will protect these families, and we will save lives. We are the only ones that are there to prosecute this case, and I respectfully—and I mean respect-fully—call for your help. It can’t come soon enough. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in opposition to the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. You know, there are real discussions that we are having here, and I under-stand the passion and the forthright-ness with what has been delivered just now in the asking of this motion to re-commit; but I also want to remind Members on both sides of the aisle the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.021 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4694 July 12, 2016 
underlying bill and the very principle why we are here. The very principle behind the bill that we are dealing with goes back— even back right now, in just a couple of months, there will be young boys and girls going back to the classrooms, they will be going back to their school-rooms, and they will be going around and they will be learning about this wonderful place called Washington, D.C. They will be learning about their Founders, and they will be learning about the Constitution where it says there is a President that we are going to elect this November, and there is an executive branch that carries out the laws. There is a legislative branch, us, that make the laws; and there is a judi-cial branch that interprets the laws. Now, what is happening here today— and we can talk about a lot of things, but let’s focus for a moment on what we are going to vote on. In this coun-try, the regulatory burden has become crippling on our economy. It is tearing us apart in jobs, in creation, and the things we have. In fact, right now more law is being made downtown in cubicles than right here in Congress. My question for you today is, if you want to be making law from cubicles, then get out from the cubicle, pay your qualifying fee, and run for Congress. Don’t keep ranking it up like this, because Congress has to assert its right in making the laws. What this bill takes into account is, unfortunately, the Judiciary has de-cided to side with the executive, and this doctrine called the Chevron gives deference to the very agencies that make the rules and regulations. So it is very simple here. We can be distracted on a motion to recommit at this point, or we can go back and say this: Congress still matters, that the election cycle still matters, that the Founders were right. There are three branches of government, not one, that wants to tear down and do whatever they want. No matter what, they need three branches. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the motion to recommit, and vote ‘‘yes’’ on the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 169, nays 236, not voting 28, as follows: [Roll No. 415] YEAS—169 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—28 
Barton Brady (TX) Butterfield Conyers Foxx Goodlatte Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jolly Marchant Marino McCarthy Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Sires Stutzman Takai Veasey 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The Speaker pro tempore. (During the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1618 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 415, I was unavoidably detained when there was a Capitol lockdown due to a poten-tial shooter that prevented me from getting to the floor. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall 415, I was unavoidably detained due to a se-curity lockdown that prevented me from leav-ing a meeting to vote on the floor. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.064 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4695 July 12, 2016 
The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 240, noes 171, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 416] AYES—240 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—171 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—22 
Conyers Foxx Green, Al Hastings Hinojosa Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Jolly Long Marchant Marino Napolitano Nolan Pelosi Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai Torres Veasey 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The Speaker pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1630 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the na-ture of judicial review of agency inter-pretations of statutory and regulatory provisions.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I missed the following votes: Motion to Adjourn. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this motion. Motion to Adjourn. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this motion. Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing consideration for H.R. 5538. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this motion. H. Res. 820, Rule providing consideration of H.R. 5338. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this rule. Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing consideration for H.R. 4992, H.R. 5119, and H.R. 5631. Had I been present I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this mo-tion. H. Res. 819, Rule providing for Consider-ation of H.R. 4992. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this rule. H.R. 5658, TALENT Act. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. Johnson (GA)/Conyers Amendment #1. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Meeks Amendment. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Johnson (GA) Amendment #4. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Johnson (GA)/Cicilline Amendment #5. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 4768. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this motion. Final Passage of H.R. 4768, Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this bill. f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 5545 Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that Representa-tive P
OLIS of Colorado be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 5545. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
ALMER ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Lou-isiana? There was no objection. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE BID OF LOS AN-GELES, CALIFORNIA, TO BRING THE 2024 SUMMER OLYMPIC GAMES BACK TO THE UNITED STATES AND PLEDGING THE CO-OPERATION OF CONGRESS WITH RESPECT TO THAT BID Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 142, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 142 Whereas the International Olympic Com-mittee will meet on September 13, 2017, in Lima, Peru, to consider a site for the Sum-mer Olympic and Paralympic Games (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘Games’’) in 2024; Whereas the United States Olympic Com-mittee has selected Los Angeles, California, as the candidate of the United States for the 2024 Games; Whereas the Games further the cause of world peace and understanding; Whereas the country that hosts the Games performs an act of international goodwill; Whereas the Games have not been held in the United States since 1996; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.067 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4696 July 12, 2016 
Whereas many of the world-class venues to be used in Los Angeles’ 2024 plan for the Games are already built or are planned as permanent facilities; and Whereas Los Angeles is positioned to de-liver an innovative, fiscally responsible, and sustainable Games: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That Congress— (1) advises the International Olympic Com-mittee that the United States would wel-come the holding of the 2024 Summer Olym-pic and Paralympic Games in Los Angeles, California, the site designated by the United States Olympic Committee; (2) expresses the sincere hope that the United States will be selected as the site for the 2024 Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games and pledges cooperation and support toward the successful fulfillment of those Games in the highest sense of the Olympic tradition; and (3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to the United States Olympic Committee and to the International Olympic Committee. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF SINGAPOREAN INDE-PENDENCE AND REAFFIRMING SINGAPORE’S CLOSE PARTNER-SHIP WITH THE UNITED STATES Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of House Resolution 374, and ask for its immediate consider-ation in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 374 Whereas the Republic of Singapore became independent on August 9, 1965; Whereas Singapore and the United States share founding principles, including belief in meritocracy and equality of opportunity; Whereas Singapore has been an early and continued supporter of the United States en-gagement in Asia to safeguard the peace, stability, and prosperity of the region; Whereas Singapore underwent rapid growth following independence, with approx-imate per capita Gross Domestic Product growing from approximately $500 in 1965 to approximately $56,000 in 2014; Whereas the United States and Singapore concluded the United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement in 2004, the first bilateral trade agreement between the United States and an Asian country; Whereas Singapore has become a major United States trading partner, with $65 bil-lion in bilateral goods and services trade in 2013, as well as more than $154.4 billion in United States Foreign Direct Investment in Singapore and $20 billion of Singaporean Foreign Direct Investment in the United States; Whereas Singapore was a founding member of the Association of South East Asian Na-tions (ASEAN) in 1967 and remains a key partner with the United States in the East Asia Summit; Whereas the United States and Singapore established the United States-Singapore Third Country Training Program in 2012 to provide technical and capacity-building as-sistance to recipient countries; Whereas Singapore provided the United States access to its military facilities with the 1990 Memorandum of Understanding, to which an addendum was added in 1998, sup-porting the continued security presence of the United States in Southeast Asia; Whereas the United States and Singapore concluded a Strategic Framework Agree-ment in 2005 which recognized Singapore as a ‘‘Major Security Cooperation Partner’’ of the United States; Whereas Singapore facilitates the rota-tional deployment of Littoral Combat Ships from the United States at Changi Naval Base; Whereas the United States currently hosts four Republic of Singapore Air Force train-ing detachments, comprising the Republic of Singapore Air Force’s F–15SG and F–16 fight-er jets, as well as Apache and Chinook heli-copters, at bases in Arizona, Idaho, and Texas; Whereas the Singapore Armed Forces sup-ported multinational reconstruction efforts in Iraq from 2003 to 2008, aided reconstruc-tion and stabilization efforts in Afghanistan from 2007 to 2013, deployed alongside the United States as part of Combined Task Force 151 (CTF 151) since 2009, including tak-ing command of CTF 151, to combat piracy in the Gulf of Aden and joined the Global Coali-tion to Counter ISIL in November 2014; and Whereas Singapore will celebrate its 50th anniversary of independence in 2015 and com-memorate 50 years of bilateral relations with the United States in 2016: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) sends its warm congratulations to the people of Singapore as they celebrate 50 years of independence and nation-building; and (2) reaffirms the close partnership between the United States and Singapore ahead of the 50th anniversary of the establishment of bilateral diplomatic relations. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ROYCE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment to the text of the resolu-tion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike all after the resolving clause and in-sert the following: That the House of Representatives— (1) affirms the importance of the United States-Singapore strategic partnership in se-curing regional peace and stability, includ-ing through rotational basing and logistical support arrangements which enhance the United States presence in Southeast Asia; (2) applauds the Republic of Singapore’s leadership in counterterrorism, including the deployment of military assets as part of the anti-ISIL coalition and innovative counterterrorism efforts within the Asia-Pa-cific region; (3) anticipates the deepening of the secu-rity relationship following the signing of an enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement in Washington on December 7, 2015, and wel-comes further cooperation in areas such as cybersecurity, humanitarian assistance and disaster relief, and defense technology; (4) recognizes the vitality of the United States-Singapore bilateral trade and invest-ment relationship; (5) supports continued close cooperation between the United States and Singapore, through both bilateral initiatives such as the United States-Singapore Third Country Training Program, and multilateral initia-tives such as United States-ASEAN Connect announced at the recent United States- ASEAN Summit in Sunnylands, to build ca-pacity for commercial engagement, energy development, innovation, trade facilitation, and to achieve development goals in the Asia-Pacific region; and (6) urges the Administration, to continue its support of multilateral institutions and fora such as the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation, East Asia Summit, ASEAN Re-gional Forum, and the ASEAN Defense Min-isters’ Meeting Plus, working in close co-operation with partners, such as the Repub-lic of Singapore, who share a commitment to an inclusive, rules-based regional architec-ture. Mr. ROYCE (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The resolution, as amended, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT TO THE PREAMBLE OFFERED BY  
MR. ROYCE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment to the preamble at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike the preamble and insert the fol-lowing: Whereas the Republic of Singapore became independent on August 9, 1965, and the United States recognized Singapore’s state-hood in the same year; Whereas Singapore and the United States established formal diplomatic relations in 1966; Whereas under the leadership of its first Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew, Singapore be-came an early and continued supporter of United States engagement in Asia to safe-guard the peace, stability, and prosperity of the region; Whereas the United States and Singapore implemented the United States-Singapore Free Trade Agreement, the first bilateral trade agreement between the United States and an Asian country, in 2004; Whereas Singapore and the United States are major trading partners, with $64 billion in bilateral goods and services trade in 2014 and a United States trade surplus in both goods and services; Whereas Singapore provided the United States access to its military facilities with a 1990 Memorandum of Understanding, sup-porting the continued security presence of the United States in Southeast Asia; Whereas the United States and Singapore concluded a Strategic Framework Agree-ment in 2005 which recognized Singapore as a ‘‘Major Security Cooperation Partner’’ of the United States; Whereas the United States and Singapore signed an enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement in 2015, expanding dialogue and cooperation in areas such as humanitarian assistance and disaster relief, cyber defense, biosecurity, and public communications; Whereas Singapore facilitates the rota-tional deployment of United States Navy Littoral Combat Ships at its Changi Naval Base; Whereas the United States currently hosts four Republic of Singapore Air Force train-ing detachments, comprising the Republic of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.029 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4697 July 12, 2016 
Singapore Air Force’s F–15SG and F–16 fight-er jets, as well as Apache and Chinook heli-copters, at bases in Arizona, Idaho and Texas; Whereas the United States-Singapore Third Country Training Program, estab-lished in 2012 and renewed in 2015, provides regional technical and capacity-building as-sistance in a wide variety of areas to assist recipient countries in reaching their devel-opment goals; Whereas Singapore was a founding member of the Association of South East Asian Na-tions (ASEAN) in 1967 and remains a key partner of the United States in ASEAN-led mechanisms such as the East Asia Summit, ASEAN Regional Forum and the ASEAN De-fense Ministers’ Meeting Plus; Whereas Singapore will be home to a United States-ASEAN Connect Center, an initiative announced at the United States- ASEAN summit in February 2016 to facili-tate United States-ASEAN engagement and cooperation on energy, innovation, and en-trepreneurship; Whereas Singapore has played a critical role in enhancing shared maritime domain awareness in Southeast Asia through the es-tablishment of the Republic of Singapore Navy’s Information Fusion Center, to facili-tate information-sharing and collaboration with partners including the United States against maritime security threats, and through the deployment of United States aircraft at Paya Lebar Air Base; Whereas Singapore has been a cybersecu-rity leader in the ASEAN region, through the unified Cyber Security Agency, as the convener of the annual ASEAN CERT Inci-dent Drill, and as host of the INTERPOL Global Complex for Innovation; Whereas Singapore was the first Southeast Asian country to join the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL in November 2014 and has con-tributed an air refueling tanker, imagery analysis teams, and planning and liaison of-ficers; and Whereas Singapore has supported counter-terrorism efforts, through the sharing of do-mestic practices, as well as participation in the White House Summit on Countering Vio-lent Extremism in February 2015, and hosting the East Asia Summit Symposium on Religious Rehabilitation and Social Re-integration in April 2015: Now, therefore, be it 
Mr. ROYCE (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The amendment to the preamble was agreed to. The title of the resolution was amended so as to read: ‘‘A resolution reaffirming Singapore’s strategic part-nership with the United States, encom-passing broad and robust economic, military-to-military, law enforcement, and counterterrorism cooperation.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CLARIFYING AMENDMENT TO PRO-VIDE TERRORISM VICTIMS EQ-UITY ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent for the immediate consideration in the House of the bill (H.R. 3394) to amend the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 to allow for the use of certain assets of foreign per-sons and entities to satisfy certain judgments against terrorist parties, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3394 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clarifying Amendment to Provide Terrorism Victims Equity Act’’ or the ‘‘CAPTIVE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. USE OF BLOCKED ASSETS TO SATISFY JUDGMENTS OF U.S. PERSONS AGAINST TERRORIST PARTIES. 
Section 201(d) of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (28 U.S.C. 1610 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘means’’; (B) by amending paragraph (2)(A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) means any asset seized or frozen by the United States under section 5(b) of the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. App. 5(b)), under sections 202 and 203 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701; 1702), or under section 805(b) of the For-eign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (21 U.S.C. 1904(b)); and’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) P
ERSON .—In subsection (a), the term ‘per-son’ means— ‘‘(A) a natural person who, at the time the act of terrorism described in subsection (a) was com-mitted upon which the judgment described in such subsection was obtained by that person, was either— ‘‘(i) a national of the United States as defined in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)); ‘‘(ii) a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; or ‘‘(iii) otherwise an employee of the Govern-ment of the United States, or of an individual performing a contract awarded by the United States Government, acting within the scope of the employee’s employment; or ‘‘(B) if the person described in subparagraph (A) is deceased, the personal representative of the estate of that deceased person.’’. 
SEC. 3. APPLICABILITY. 
The amendments made by this Act apply to any judgment described in section 201(a) of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (28 U.S.C. 1610 note) that is entered before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The Clerk read as follows: Amendment offered by Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE : 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clarifying Amendment to Provide Terrorism Victims Equity Act’’ or the ‘‘CAPTIVE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. USE OF BLOCKED ASSETS TO SATISFY JUDGMENTS OF U.S. PERSONS AGAINST TERRORIST PARTIES. 
Section 201(d) of the Terrorism Risk Insur-ance Act of 2002 (28 U.S.C. 1610 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘means’’; (B) by amending paragraph (2)(A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) means any asset seized or frozen by the United States under section 5(b) of the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. App. 5(b)), under sections 202 and 203 of the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701; 1702), or under section 805(b) of the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designa-tion Act (21 U.S.C. 1904(b)); and’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) PERSON .—In subsection (a), the term ‘person’ means— ‘‘(A) a natural person who, at the time the act of terrorism described in subsection (a) was committed upon which the judgment de-scribed in such subsection was obtained by that person, was either— ‘‘(i) a national of the United States as de-fined in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)); ‘‘(ii) a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; or ‘‘(iii) otherwise an employee of the Govern-ment of the United States, or of an indi-vidual performing a contract awarded by the United States Government, acting within the scope of the employee’s employment; or ‘‘(B) if the person described in subpara-graph (A) is deceased, the personal represent-ative of the estate of that deceased person.’’. 
SEC. 3. APPLICABILITY. 
The amendments made by this Act apply to any judgment described in section 201(a) of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (28 U.S.C. 1610 note) that is entered before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Mr. GOODLATTE (during the read-ing). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROTECTING OUR LIVES BY INITI-ATING COPS EXPANSION ACT OF 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 2840) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training, and for other purposes, and ask for its im-mediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2840 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.032 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4698 July 12, 2016 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Our Lives by Initiating COPS Expansion Act of 2016’’ or the ‘‘POLICE Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZED USE OF COPS FUNDS. 
Section 1701(b) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (17) as para-graph (18); (3) by inserting after paragraph (16) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(17) to participate in nationally recog-nized active shooter training programs that offer scenario-based, integrated response courses designed to counter active shooter threats or acts of terrorism against individ-uals or facilities; and’’; and (4) in paragraph (18), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘(16)’’ and inserting ‘‘(17)’’. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 5538, and that I may include tabular mate-rial on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 820 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 5538. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1637 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5538) making appropriations for the Depart-ment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ) and the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to bring to the floor H.R. 5538, the fiscal year 2017 Interior, Environment, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act. As we begin, I want to personally thank Chairman ROGERS for his leader-ship and support. I also want to thank my good friend and our ranking mem-ber, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , for her partnership and work on this bill and to say a very happy birthday. Finally, I want to thank each of our subcommittee mem-bers for their assistance and hard work on the legislation before us. The fiscal year 2017 Interior and En-vironment bill is funded at $32.095 bil-lion, which is $64 million below the FY 2016 enacted level and $1 billion below the budget request. The committee has provided robust wildland fire funding in this bill. Fire suppression accounts are again fully funded at the 10-year average level, which rose by $133 million from last year. The committee also addressed concerns about forest health and active forest management, and provided a $30 million increase for hazardous fuels. This bill also makes critical invest-ments in Indian Country. Overall, fund-ing for the Bureaus of Indian Affairs and Education is increased by $72 mil-lion, or 3 percent, while funding for the Indian Health Service is increased by $271 million, or 6 percent, from fiscal year 2016 levels. This is the largest in-crease in this bill. The bill provides for $2.9 billion for the National Park Service, including more than $65 million in new funding to address the maintenance backlog and other priorities related to the Park Service centennial. The bill provides $480 million to fully fund payments in lieu of taxes, PILT, in year 2017. We have also addressed a number of concerns within the Fish and Wildlife Service. The bill continues funding for popular cost-shared grant programs. It also provides additional funds to com-bat international wildlife trafficking, protects fish hatcheries from cuts and closures, continues fighting to fight invasive species, and reduces the back-log of species that are covered but not yet delisted. The bill provides $322 million for the Land and Water Conservation Fund programs that enjoy broad, bipartisan support. Funding for EPA is reduced by $164 million from fiscal year 2016 enacted levels. Again this year, there is a great deal of concern over the number of reg-ulatory actions being pursued by EPA in the absence of legislation and with-out clear congressional direction. For this reason, the bill includes a number of provisions to stop unnecessary and damaging regulatory overreach by the Agency. Before closing, I would like to make an additional point about the chal-lenges facing Flint, Michigan, and other communities across the country addressing lead in drinking water. This is an issue of great concern to the com-mittee members. It is not a partisan issue. What occurred in Flint has called greater attention to aging infrastruc-ture and the need for prudent manage-ment and oversight of water systems. This bill provides targeted investments and prioritizes resources that will help the EPA and Michigan respond to Flint and help other States and communities address the needs of their water sys-tems. The bill provides an increase of $207 million above the fiscal year 2016 en-acted level for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund. It also includes $50 million for the new Water Infra-structure Finance and Innovation, oth-erwise known as WIFIA, program, which may be leveraged through direct Federal loans or loan guarantees to fund up to $3 billion to $5 billion worth of water infrastructure projects nation-wide. In addition, the bill provides in-creases for State grants for improved State oversight and operations of drinking water systems and for com-munities to work on integrated plans for pipe replacement. The bill also di-rects the GAO to assess the number of lead service lines by State. Lastly, the committee is taking an additional step to provide relief for communities like Flint by including bill language that allows States to use State revolving fund dollars to forgive a portion of a community’s out-standing loans. This and other steps taken in this bill will have a real im-pact. In closing, I want to thank the staff on both sides for their hard work on this bill. On the minority side, I would like to thank Rita Culp, Jocelyn Hunn, Joe Carlile, and Rebecca Taylor. Their work is very much appreciated. On the majority side, I would like to thank our subcommittee staff: Kristin Richmond, Jackie Kilroy, Betsy Bina, Jason Gray, Darren Benjamin, and, of course, our chief clerk Dave LesStrang. I would also like to thank Ian Foley, Rebecca Keightley, Molly Lowe, and Tricia Evans on my personal staff, and my chief of staff, David Ramey. Mr. Chairman, this is a good bill and it deserves Members’ support. I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.035 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4699 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 731 here EH12JY16.001srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE I - DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR 
BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT 
Management of Lands and Resources 
land Resources: 
Soil , water and air management ..... 
Rangeland management .... 
Grazing administration management .. 
Grazing admi ni strati on management offsetting 
collections ... 
Forestry management. 
Riparian management. 
Cultural resources management. 
Wi 1 d horse and burro management. 
Subtotal ... 
Wildlife and Fisheries: 
Wi 1 dl i fe management ...... . 
Fisheries management ... . 
Subtota 1 . 
Threatened and endangered species. 
Recreation Management: 
Wilderness management. 
Recreation resources management .. 
Subtotal. 
Energy and Minerals: 
Oi 1 and gas management.. . ........ , ....... . 
Oil and gas permit processing. .. ................. . 
Oi 1 and gas inspection and enforcement. 
Subtotal, Oil and gas ..... . 
Oil and gas permit processing fees. 
Subtotal, offsetting collections. 
Coal management ... 
Other mineral resources ... 
Renewable energy. 
Subtotal, Energy and Minerals. 
Realty and Ownership Management: 
Alaska conveyance. 
Cadastral, lands, and realty management. 
Subtota 1 . 
Resource Protection and Maintenance: 
Resource management planning. 
Abandoned mi no lands. 
Resource protection and law enforcement. 
Hazardous materials management. 
Subtotal ... 
Transportation and Facilities Maintenance: 
Annual maintenance. ............ 
Deferred maintenance. 
Subtota 1 ... FY 2016 
Enacted 
43,609 
79' 000 
9' 980 
21 ,321 
16' 131 
80' 555 
~~~~-~--------
250' 596 
89,381 
12,530 --------------
101 '911 
21 '567 
18' 264 
51' 197 --------------
69,461 
59,671 
7' 125 
48 '000 
~---- ~--------
114,796 
10' 868 
11,879 
29,061 --------------
166,604 
22' 000 
51' 252 --------------
73' 252 
48 '125 
19,946 
25' 495 
15' 612 
------~ ------ -
109,178 
38,942 
31 '387 --------------
70' 329 FY 2017 
Request 
45,378 
62' 832 
16,500 
-16,500 
10' 076 
22' 920 
17' 328 
80' 108 --- ~----------
238' 642 
108,691 
12,628 --- ~-------- --
121 ,319 
21 '698 
18' 392 
53' 465 --------------
71 '857 
80' 574 
6' 365 
48' 000 --------------
134,939 
-48' 000 
-48' 000 
10,962 
10,978 
29' 189 --------------
138,068 
17' 327 
51 ,480 
--------------
68' 807 
65' 203 
20' 036 
25,616 
15,463 
--------------
126' 318 
39' 125 
29' 201 .............. _______ 
68' 326 Bi 11 VS. 
Bill Enacted 
43,609 
79' 000 
10,076 +96 
21 '321 
16,131 
80' 555 
----~-- ~ ~----------- ~ ~ ~ -.. --. 
250' 692 +96 
102,131 +12,750 
12,530 ----------------------------
114,661 +12 ,750 
21 '567 
18 '264 
51' 197 -------------- ------------ ~ .. 
69,461 
59,671 
6,365 -760 
48' 000 -------------- ------------- ~ 
114,036 -760 
10' 868 
10 '978 -901 
29' 061 --------------_______ ,.. __ ., ___ 
164' 943 -1 '661 
22' 000 
51 ,252 
-------------- --------------
73' 252 
48,125 
19 '946 
26,616 +1 '121 
15,463 -149 
-------------- ------------ ~-
110' 150 +972 
39,125 +183 
31 '387 ____________ ..,_ --------------
70' 512 +183 Bill vs. 
Request 
-1 '769 
+16, 168 
-16,500 
+16 '500 
-1 '599 
-1 '197 
+447 --------------
+12' 050 
-6,560 
-98 
----------- .. --
-6,658 
-131 
-128 
-2' 268 --------- ----~ 
·2, 396 
-20' 903 
--------------
-20' 903 
+48' 000 
+48' 000 
·94 
-128 
--------------
+26' 875 
+4' 673 
-228 
--------------
+4. 445 
-17' 078 
-90 
+1 '000 
--------------
-16' 168 
+2, 186 --------------
+2, 186 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4700 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 732 here EH12JY16.002srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT DF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT. AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS Bill, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Workforce and Organizational Support: 
Administrative support. 
Bureauwide fixed costs .. 
Information technology management. .. 
Subtotal. 
Challenge cost share. . . ' . . . . . . . ' 
National landscape conservation system, base program .. 
Communication site management .................. . 
Offsetting collections...... . .................... . 
Subtotal, Management of lands and resources .. , .. 
Mining Law Administration: 
Administration... . ......... . 
Offsetting collections. 
Subtotal, Mining law Admi ni strati on .. 
Total, Management of Lands and Resources. 
land Acquisition 
Land Acquisition .. 
Emergencies, Hardships, and Inholdings .. . 
Acquisition Management. . .......... . 
Recreational Access. 
Total, Land acquisition. 
Oregon and California Grant Lands 
Western Oregon resources management .. 
Western Oregon information and resource data systems. 
Western Oregon transportation & facilities maintenance 
Western Oregon construction and acquisition. 
Western Oregon national monument. 
Total, Oregon and California Grant Lands. 
Range Improvements 
Current appropriations. 
Service Charges, Oeposi ts, and Forfeitures 
Service charges, deposits, and forfeitures. 
Offsetting fees. . . . . . . . . . ... 
Total, Service Charges, Deposits & Forfeitures. 
Miscellaneous Trust Funds and Permanent Operating 
Funds 
Current appropriations. 
TOTAL, BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT ... 
(Mandatory) ........... . 
(Discretionary). FY 2016 
Enacted 
50.942 
93' 645 
25' 958 
-W W * ~ W R-*--* * * 
170' 545 
2,413 
36,819 
2,000 
-2,000 
~ ~ w --~ • ---~ ---
1,072,675 
39' 696 
-56' 000 --------------
-16,304 --------------
1,056,371 
27,014 
1. 616 
2 '000 
8, 000 
38. 630 
95' 255 
1 '786 
9,602 
324 
767 
107' 734 
10,000 
31 '050 
-31 '050 
24.000 
1,236,735 
(34' 000) 
(1 ,202,735) FY 2017 
Request 
51' 139 
92' 649 
26' 077 -~------------
169,865 
50' 645 
2,000 
-2' 000 --------------
1 '075. 545 
39' 696 
-55.000 
--------------
-15,304 
--------------
1,060.241 
32' 301 
1. 616 
2' 042 
8. 000 
43' 959 
94,445 
1. 798 
9,628 
335 
779 
106,985 
10' 000 
31 '050 
-31 '050 
24.000 
1,245,185 
(34,000) 
(1 ,211 ,185) Bill 
51 ,139 
92 '649 
26' 077 --------------
169,865 
36,819 
2,000 
-2' 000 --------------
1,081,922 
39' 696 
-55,000 
--------------
-15,304 
--------------
1. 066.618 
10.600 
1 ,000 
1 ,800 
6,000 
19,400 
94,445 
1 '798 
9, 628 
335 
779 
106,985 
10' 000 
31 ,050 
-31 ,050 
24.000 
1,227,003 
(34,000) 
(1.193,003) Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+197 
-996 
+119 
--------------
-680 
-2,413 
--------------
+9 '247 
+1 ,000 
--------------
+1. 000 
--------------
+10,247 
-16,414 
-616 
-200 
-2,000 
-19,230 
-810 
+12 +26 
+11 +12 
--------------
-749 
-9.732 
(-9,732) Bill vs. 
Request 
--------------
-13,826 
--------------
+6' 377 
----------------------------
+6' 377 
-21.701 
-616 -242 
-2.000 
-24,559 
-18' 182 
( -18' 182) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4701 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 733 here EH12JY16.003srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
UNITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE 
Resource Management Eco l 
ogi ca 1 Services: 
Listing .. 
Planning and consultation .. 
Conservation and restoration. . . . . . . .............. . 
(National Wetlands Inventory) ..... 
(Coastal Barrier Resources Act). 
Recovery. . .......... . 
Subtotal ..... 
Habitat conservation; 
Partners for fish and wildlife. 
Coastal programs. 
Subtotal. 
National Wildlife Refuge System; 
Wi 1 dl i fe and habitat management .. 
Vi sit or services. . .......... . 
Refuge 1 aw enforcement. .. ............ .. 
Conservation planning. 
Refuge maintenance. 
Subtotal .. 
Conservation and Enforcement: 
Migratory bird management ... 
Law enforcement ... 
International affairs. 
Subtotal ............ . 
Fish and Aquatic Conservation: 
National fish hatchery system operations ... 
Maintenance and equipment .. 
Aquatic habitat and species conservation .. 
Subtotal ..... 
Cooperative 1 andscape conservation. 
Science Support: 
Adaptive science. 
Service science. 
Subtotal. 
General Operations: 
Central office operations. , , 
Regional office operations. 
Servi cewi de bill paying .. 
National Fish and Wildlife Foundation. 
National Conservation Training Center. 
Subtotal .... 
Total , Resource Management. 
Construction 
Construction and rehabi 1 it at ion: 
Line item construction projects. 
Bridge and dam safety programs. 
Nationwide engineering service. ........... 
Total , Construction. ............. FY 2016 
Enacted 
20,515 
99' 079 
32 '396 
(3, 471) 
(1 '390) 
82 '016 
~ ~----------- -
234' 006 
51' 776 
13,375 -----~ --------
65' 151 
230' 343 
73,319 
38' 054 
2, 523 
137' 188 
___ ,. .................... 
481 '427 
47' 480 
74,725 
14,696 
~-------------
136' 901 
53,418 
19,920 
74,918 ------ ~-------
148' 256 
12' 988 
10,517 
6,468 
16,985 
40' 722 
37' 722 
35' 177 
7,022 
22,414 p---.. ---- ~----
143' 057 _____ .. ________ 
1 '238' 771 
14,554 
1 '972 
7' 161 
.... -"' ..... --- ~--.. -
23 '687 FY 2017 
Request 
22,901 
105,650 
34,562 
(4,671) 
(1 '390) 
89,180 
--~--M-.------
252' 293 
54,047 
13,494 
--------------
67' 541 
240,389 
80' 380 
40,712 
2, 544 
142' 594 __ ., ____ ,. ______ 
506,619 
49,961 
75' 053 
15' 816 --------------
140,830 
53' 759 22 
'920 
76,150 -----.. ---~----
152 '829 
17' 789 
11,522 
9,057 
--------------
20' 579 
42,149 
41 '354 
35' 778 
7' 022 
25,129 
............ w,. .... _,. __ 
151 '432 --------------
1,309,912 
14,554 
1 '972 
7,214 ______ ..,. _______ 
23 '740 Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted 
14,411 -6,104 
103,650 +4, 571 
32,646 +250 
(3,471) 
(1 '640) (+250) 
86,198 +4' 182 --------------................ w .......... 
236' 905 +2 '899 
52' 026 +250 
13,625 +250 -------------- --------------
65,651 +500 
230' 593 +250 
73' 569 +250 
38 '054 
2, 773 +250 
139,872 +2 '684 -------------- -----------~--
484,861 +3' 434 
48 '605 +1 '125 
75' 053 +328 
15' 196 +500 ----------------------------
138,854 +1 '953 
55,418 
22' 920 
74,918 ____________ .. _ --------------
153' 256 +5,000 
12,988 
10,517 
6,468 --------------________ ., _____ 
16,985 
40' 569 -153 
37' 722 
35' 177 
7' 022 
25,014 +2' 600 -------------- -------- ~-----
145' 504 +2,447 
-------------- --------------
1 '255' 004 +16' 233 
5, 704 -8,850 
1 '972 
7' 161 ____________ .. _ --------------
14,837 -8,850 Bill vs. 
Request 
-8,490 
-2' 000 
-1 '916 
( -1 '200) 
(+250) 
-2' 982 ________ ., _____ 
-15' 388 
-2,021 
+131 
--------------
-1 '890 
-9' 796 
-6' 811 
-2,658 
+229 
-2' 722 
-~w~~~----~---
-21 '758 
-1 ,356 
-620 
-------- .. -~---
-1 '976 
+1 '659 
-1 '232 _____ ,. ________ 
+427 
-4' 801 
-1 '005 
-2' 589 --------------
-3' 594 
-1 
-601 
-115 
--------------
-5' 928 --------------
-54,908 
-8,850 
-53 ............................ 
-8' 903 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4702 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 734 here EH12JY16.004srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Land Acquisition 
Acquisitions ................ . 
Emergencies, Hardships, and Inholdings. 
Exchanges. . ..................... . 
Acquisition Management ............ . 
Highlands Conservation Act Grants. 
Recreational Access.. .. ........... .. 
Land Protection Planning ............. . 
Total, Land Acquisition. 
Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund 
Grants and administration: 
Conservation grants. 
liCP assistance grants ...... . 
Administration. 
Subtotal. 
Land acquisition: 
Species recovery land acquisition. 
HCP land acquisition grants to states. 
Subtotal , ...... . 
Total, Cooperati ave Endangered Species 
Conservation Fund .. 
National Wildlife Refuge Fund 
Payments in lieu of taxes ... 
North American Wetlands Conservation Fund 
North American Wet 1 ands Conservation Fund, 
Neot ropi cal Migratory Bird Conservation 
Migratory bird grants. 
Multinational Species Conservation Fund 
African elephant conservation fund. 
Rhinoceros and tiger conservation fund .. 
Asian e 1 ephant conservation fund .. 
Great ape conservation fund. 
Marine turtle conservation fund. 
Total, Multinational Species Conservation Fund., 
State and Tribal Wildlife Grants 
State wildlife grants (formula) .. 
State wildlife grants (competitive). 
Tribal wildlife grants .. 
Total, State and tribal wildlife grants. 
TOTAL, U.S. FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE., FY 2016 
Enacted 
35,911 
5' 351 1 ,500 
12 '773 
10,000 
2,500 
465 
-~~~~~~-------
68.500 
10.508 
9,485 
2, 702 --------------
22. 695 
11 '162 
19.638 
--------------
30.800 
--------------
53.495 
13,228 
35,145 
3,910 
2, 582 
3,440 
1 '557 
1. 975 
1 '507 
11 ,061 
51 ,000 
5.487 
4,084 
--------------
60,571 
1,508,368 FY 2017 
Request 
35.884 
5, 351 
1. 500 
12,955 
2. 500 
465 --------------
58.655 
12,603 
7. 390 
2. 702 --------------
22.695 
11 ,162 
19.638 
--------------
30.800 
--------------
53' 495 
35,145 
3,910 
2. 582 
3. 440 
1. 557 
1. 975 
1. 507 
11,061 
51' 000 
9, 981 
6. 000 
--------------
66,981 
1 • 562. 899 Bill 
23 '800 
4. 500 
1 ,000 
10,000 
10' 000 
1. 000 
________ .. _____ 
50' 300 
12' 603 
9' 485 
2. 702 
24.790 
11 '162 
19.638 
--------------
30' 800 --------------
55' 590 
37' 645 
3. 910 
2. 582 
3,440 
1 ,557 
1 '975 
1 '507 
11 ,061 
51.000 
7. 237 
4, 334 
--------------
62.571 
1,490,918 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-12,111 
-851 
-500 
-2,773 
-1.500 
-465 --.. --~--------
-18,200 
+2' 095 
----- ~--------
+2. 095 
--------------
--------------
+2' 095 
-13' 228 
+2' 500 
+1. 750 +250 
--------------
+2. 000 
-17,450 Bill vs. 
Request 
-12.084 
-851 
-500 
-2.955 
+10,000 
-1.500 
-465 --------------
-8.355 
+2. 095 
--------------
+2. 095 
----------------------------
+2. 095 
+2. 500 
-2.744 -1.666 
--------------
-4.410 
-71 '981 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4703 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 735 here EH12JY16.005srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
NATIONAL PARK SERVICE 
Operation of the National Park System 
Park Management: 
Resource stewardship .... . 
Vis it or services ......... . 
Park protection .......... . 
Facility operations and maintenance .. 
Park support. 
Subtotal ... 
External administrative costs .. , 
Total, Operation of the National Park System. 
National Recreation and Preservation 
Recreation programs .................... . 
Natural programs .. 
Cultural programs. 
International park affairs .. 
Environmental and compliance review. 
Grant administration ... 
Heritage Partnership Programs ... 
Total, National Recreation and Preservation .. 
Historic Preservation Fund 
State historic preservation offices. 
Tribal grants ... 
Competitive grants. . ................... . 
Save America's Treasures grants. 
Grants to Historically Black Colleges and Universities 
Total, Historic Preservation Fund .. 
Construction 
General Program: 
Line i tern construction and maintenance. 
Emergency and unscheduled. 
Housing. 
Dam safety ............... . 
Equipment replacement., .. 
Planning, construction. 
Construction program management. 
General management p1 ans .................. . 
Total, Construction. 
Land and Water Conservation Fund ( rescission of 
contract authority) .. 
Land Acquisition and State Assistance Assistance 
to States: 
State conservation grants (formula). 
State conservation grants (competitive),. 
Admi ni strati ve expenses ... 
Subtotal ............ . FY 2016 
Enacted 
328' 216 
253' 010 
355' 683 
740' 468 
511 '616 --------------
2' 188 '993 
180 '603 --------------
2' 369' 596 589 
13,575 
24' 562 
1 '648 
433 
2' 004 
19' 821 --------------
62 '632 
46' 925 
9' 985 
8' 500 
____________ .. _ 
65' 410 
116,276 
3' 855 
2' 200 
1,248 
13' 500 
7,266 
36 '771 
11 '821 --------------
192 '937 
-28 '000 
94,839 
12' 000 
3' 161 
110' 000 FY 2017 
Request 
340' 352 
276' 206 
362 '082 
842 '453 
522' 537 
--------------
2' 343 '630 
180 ,732 
--------------
2' 524' 362 
853 
13,659 
26 '262 
1 ,656 
436 
2,079 
g' 447 
--------------
54' 392 
46 '925 
11 '985 
25' 500 
3,000 
--------------
87,410 
153' 344 
3,855 
2,203 
1 '249 
17' 545 
15' 518 
46,431 
11 '893 
--------------
252 '038 
-30,000 
94' 000 
12' 000 
4,006 
110,006 Bill vs. 
Bi 11 Enacted 
329 '078 +862 
258,516 +5' 506 
358' 672 +2' 989 
792' 721 +52' 253 
515,457 +3,841 
-------------- --------------
2' 254,444 +65 '451 
180,603 -------------- --------------
2,435,047 +65' 451 
589 
13,575 
24,562 
1 ,648 
433 
2, 004 
19,821 
-------------- --------------
62' 632 
46' 925 
11 '985 +2' 000 
11 '500 +3' 000 
5' 000 +5' 000 
3' 000 +3' 000 __________ .,. ___ --------------
78' 410 +13,000 
129,501 +13' 225 
3,855 
2,200 
1 ,248 
17' 545 +4' 045 
9, 516 +2 '250 
40' 021 +3' 250 
11 '821 ----------------------------
215,707 +22' 770 
-28,000 
71 '839 -23' 000 
5,000 -7' 000 
3' 161 
80' 000 -30' 000 Bill vs. 
Request 
-11,274 
-17' 690 
-3' 410 
-49' 732 
-7' 080 
--------------
-89' 186 
-129 
--------------
-89' 315 
-264 
-84 
-1 '700 
-8 
-3 
-75 
+10,374 
--------------
+8' 240 
-14,000 
+5' 000 
--------------
-9' 000 
-23' 843 
-3 
-1 
-6' 002 
-6' 410 
-72 --------------
-36' 331 +2 
'000 
-22' 161 
-7,000 
-845 
-30' 006 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4704 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 736 here EH12JY16.006srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
National Park Service: 
Acqui si ti ons. 
Recreational Access ............... . 
American Battlefield Protection Program. 
Emergencies, Hardships, Relocations, and 
Defi ci enci es..... . ................ . 
Acquisition Management. 
Inhol dings, Donations, and Exchanges ..... 
Subtotal ..... . 
Total, Land Acquisition and State Assistance. 
Centennial Cha1l enge. 
TOTAL, NATIONAL PARK SERVICE .. 
UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY 
Surveys, Investigations, and Research 
Ecosystems: 
Status and trends .. 
Fisheries: Aquatic and endangered resources ... 
Wildlife: Terrestrial and endangered resources. 
Terrestrial, Freshwater and marine environments. 
Invasive species. 
Cooperative research units. 
Total, Ecosystems ... 
Climate and Land Use Change: 
Climate vari abi 1 ity: 
Climate science centers. 
Climate research and development. 
Carbon sequestration.. . ............. . 
Subtotal ..... 
Land Use Change: 
Land remote sans i ng. 
Land change science. 
Subtotal 
Total, Climate and Land Use Change .. 
Energy. Minerals, and Environmental Health: 
Mineral and Energy Resources: 
Minerals resources .. 
Energy resources. 
Subtotal. 
Environmental Hea1th: FY 2016 
Enacted 
33,135 
2,000 
10,000 
3, 928 
9,679 
4, 928 
~---------w---
63' 670 
~ ~ ----~ -- ~ ----
173.670 
15,000 
2,851,245 
20' 473 
20' 886 
45' 757 36 
'224 
17' 330 
17' 371 --------------
158.041 
26 '435 
21 ,495 
9' 359 --------------
57' 289 
72' 194 
10,492 --------------
82 '686 
----- ~ --------
139' 975 
48,371 
24,695 
73.066 FY 2017 
Request 
37.314 
2,000 
10,000 
3 '928 
10' 000 
5' 000 ------ ~---- ~--
68' 242 --------------
178 '248 
35,000 
3,101,450 
22' 267 
24' 083 
46' 125 
43.352 
19' 877 
18' 234 --------------
173' 938 
30 '908 
22 ,714 
9,381 --------------
63.003 
96' 506 
11 ,935 --------------
108,441 
--------------
171 ,444 
48' 695 
26' 228 
74,923 Bi 11 
22.500 
1 ,000 
10,000 
2, 500 
8.752 
4, 000 
--------------
48' 752 
--------------
128 ,752 
30' 000 
2 '922' 548 
20' 473 
21 '136 
45' 757 
38,415 
17' 580 
17' 371 --------------
160,732 
26' 435 
21 ,495 
9,359 --------------
57' 289 
78' 194 
10,492 --------------
88 '686 --------------
145,975 
48,371 
24,695 
73' 066 8i 11 vs. 
Enacted 
-10,635 
-1,000 
-1 ,428 
-927 -928 
--------------
-14' 918 --------------
-44,918 
+15 '000 
+71 ,303 
+250 
+2' 191 
+250 
--------------
+2 '691 
--------------
+6. 000 
+6 '000 
--------------
+6' 000 Sill vs. 
Request 
-14' 814 
-1 '000 
-1,428 
-1 '248 
-1 '000 
------------ ~ -
-19' 490 --------------
-49 '496 
-5 '000 
-178,902 
-1 '794 
-2 '947 
-368 
-4' 937 
-2' 297 
-863 
--------------
-13' 206 
-4' 473 -1 
'219 
-22 
--------------
-5' 714 
-18' 312 
-1,443 --------------
-19.755 
--------------
-25.469 
-324 
-1 '533 
-1 '857 
Contaminant biology... -1,268 10,197 11 ,465 10' 197 
Toxic substances hydrology...... -1.847 11 ,248 13,095 11 ,248 
Natural Hazards: 
Earthquake hazards. 
Volcano hazards. --------------
21 ,445 
--------------
94,511 
60' 503 
26,121 --------------
24' 560 --------------
99 '483 
62' 196 
26' 238 --------------
21 ,445 
--------------
94,511 
63' 303 
26' 121 +2' 800 +1 .107 
-117 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4705 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 737 here EH12JY16.007srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Landslide hazards. 
Global seismographic network. 
Geomagnetism. 
Coastal and marine geology. 
Total, Natural Hazards. 
Water Resources: 
Water Avai 1 abi 1 i ty and Use Science Program. 
Groundwater and Streamflow Information Program .. 
National Water Quality Program ... 
Water Resources Research Act Program. 
Tot a 1 , Water Resources ... 
Core Science Systems: 
Science, synthesis, analysis, and research. 
Nationa·l cooperative geological mapping. 
National Geospatial Program .. 
Total, Core Science Systems ... 
Science Support: 
Administration and Management ..... 
Information Services .. 
Total, Science Support .... 
Facilities: 
Rental payments and operations & maintenance. 
Deferred maintenance and capital improvement. 
Total, Facilities .... 
TOTAL, UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY. 
BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT 
Ocean Energy Management 
Renewable energy .. 
Conventional energy ... 
Environmental assessment ........................ . 
Executive direction. 
Subtotal. 
Offsetting rental receipts. 
Cost recovery fees. 
Subtotal, offsetting collections. 
TOTAL, BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT. 
BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENFORCEMENT 
Offshore Safety and Environmental Enforcement 
Environmental enforcement .. 
Operations, safety and regulation .. 
Administrative operations. 
Executive direction ............. . 
Subtotal ... FY 2016 
Enacted 
3,538 
6,453 
1 ,888 
40' 336 --------------
138.839 
42' 226 
71 '535 
92.791 
6, 500 --------------
213,052 
24.299 
24,397 
62' 854 ___________ .,.,_ 
111 ,550 
84,192 
21 ,419 
--------------
105' 611 
93,141 
7,280 
100,421 
1 '062' 000 
24,278 
59' 869 
68.045 
18' 665 --------------
170' 857 
-92,961 
-3,661 
-96,622 
74,235 
8, 314 
144' 954 
18,268 
18' 236 
189,772 FY 2017 
Request 
4, 054 
7' 322 
3' 598 
46' 293 --------------
149,701 
54,388 
72.957 
94,147 
6' 500 
227' 992 
24.930 
24 '486 
68' 979 
-M - -.. M M - - - .. - - ~ 
118,395 
86,319 
24' 273 --------------
110' 592 
109,978 
7' 280 
117' 258 
1 '168' 803 
23' 887 
64,156 
68' 399 
18' 696 --------------
175' 138 
-88' 487 
-6,457 
-94' 944 
80,194 
8' 314 
145' 150 
18 '268 
18' 236 
189' 968 Bi 1l 
3,538 
6,653 
1 ,888 
41.360 
--------------
142 '863 
43' 802 
72 '957 
92' 801 
6' 500 
216' 060 
24' 299 
24,486 
65' 048 
113,833 
81.981 
23. 630 
--------------
105.611 
93' 141 
7' 280 
100 '421 
1 '080' 006 
23' 393 
59' 869 
68' 045 
17.999 
--------------
169 '306 
-88 '487 
-6,457 
-94' 944 
74,362 
8' 314 
145' 150 
18,268 
18' 236 
189,968 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+200 
+1 '024 --------------
+4' 024 
+1 ,576 
+1 ,422 
+10 
+3 '008 
+89 
+2' 194 
+2 '283 
-2,211 
+2 ,211 
--------------
+18,006 
-885 -666 
--------------
-1 '551 
+4' 474 
-2' 796 
+1 '678 
+127 
+196 
+196 Bill vs. 
Request 
-516 -669 
-1.710 
-4' 933 --------------
-6' 838 
-10,586 
-1 '346 
---------~ ----
-11 '932 
-631 
-3' 931 
-4' 562 
-4' 338 
-643 
--------------
-4,981 
-16.837 
-16' 837 
-88' 797 
-494 
-4' 287 
-354 
-697 
--------------
-5,832 
-5' 832 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4706 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 738 here EH12JY16.008srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Offsetting rental receipts. 
Inspection fees ... 
Cost recovery fees. 
Subtotal, offsetting collections. 
Rescission ..... 
Total, Offshore Safety and Environmental 
Enforcement ... 
Oil Spi 11 Research 
Oi 1 spill research. 
TOTAL, BUREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL 
ENFORCEMENT. . ........... . 
OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND ENFORCEMENT 
Regulation and Technology 
Environmental protection. 
Permit fees. 
Offsetting collections. 
Technology development and transfer .. 
Financial management. 
Executive direction .. 
Civil penalties (indefinite) .. 
Subtotal. 
Civil penalties (offsetting collections) ...... 
Total, Regulation and Technology .. 
Abandoned Mine Reel am at ion Fund 
Environmental restoration. 
Technology development and transfer. 
Financial management. 
Executive direction. 
State grants .. 
Total, Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund .. 
TOTAL, OFFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND 
ENFORCEMENT ... , .. 
BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS AND BUREAU OF INDIAN 
EDUCATION 
Operation of Indian Programs 
Tri ba1 Budget System 
Tribal Government: 
Aid to tribal government. 
Con so I i dated tribal government program. 
Se 1 f governance compacts ... 
New tribes. FY 2016 
Enacted 
-49' 399 
-59' 000 
-7,808 ---- ~---------
-116,207 
--------------
73' 565 
14,899 
88 '464 
91 ,832 
40 
-40 
15,205 
505 
15,711 
100 --------------
123,353 
-100 
123,253 
9,480 
3,544 
6,396 7,883 
90' 000 
117' 303 
240' 556 
24,833 
77,088 
162,321 
464 FY 2017 
Request 
-37,922 
-65' 000 
-5,608 --------------
-108 '530 
------- ... ------
81 ,438 
14,899 
96,337 
90,138 
1 '900 
-1 '900 
21 ,485 
713 
15' 214 
100 --------------
127,650 
-100 
127' 550 
9,825 
6,367 
6,440 
7' 743 
30' 375 
157 '925 
27,118 
75' 429 
162' 346 Bi 11 
-37' 922 
-53' 000 
-5,608 --------------
-96' 530 
-20,000 --------------
73' 438 
14,899 
88' 337 
89' 450 
40 
-40 
15,205 
505 
14,140 
100 _____ .,_,. ______ 
119,400 
-100 
119' 300 
9,480 
3,544 
6,396 7,883 
90' 000 
117' 303 
236' 603 
27,118 
75.429 
162' 346 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+11 ,477 
+6' 000 
+2, 200 
-------- ~-- ~ ~-
+19,677 
-20,000 --------------
-127 
-127 
-2,382 
-1 '571 
--------------
-3 '953 
-3,953 
-3,953 
+2' 285 
-1 ,659 
+25 
-464 Bill vs. 
Request 
+12' 000 
~-------------
+12' 000 
-20,000 
--------------
-8,000 
-8,000 
-688 
-1 '860 
+1 
-208 
-1 '074 
--------------
-8,250 
-8,250 
-345 
-2' 823 
-44 
+140 
+90. 000 
+86' 928 
+78. 678 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4707 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 739 here EH12JY16.009srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Small and needy tribes. ........... 
Road maintenance. 
Tribal government program oversight., 
Subtotal .. 
Human Services: 
Social services, . , . ··········· ············· Welfare assistance. ........... 
Indian chi 1 d welfare act. 
Housing improvement program. 
Human services tribal design ... 
Human services program oversight. 
Subtotal .. 
Trust Natural Resources Management: 
Natural resources, general. , .. 
I rri gat ion operations and maintenance, ........... 
Rights protection implementation. 
Tribal management I deve 1 opment program. 
Endangered species .... 
Cooperative I andscape conservation. 
Integrated resource information program ... 
Agri cu'l ture and range. . .......... 
Forestry. 
Water resources. 
Fish, wildlife and parks. 
Resource management program oversight. 
Subtotal. 
Trust Real Estate Services. ············ 
Education: 
Elementary and secondary programs (forward funded) .. 
(Tribal grant support costs). 
Post secondary programs (forward funded),. 
Subtotal, forward funded education. 
Elementary and secondary programs. 
Post secondary programs. 
Education management . 
Subtotal, Education, 
Public Safety and Justice: 
Law enforcement. ············ Tribal courts. ·············· Fire protection .. 
Subtotal. 
Community and economic development.,., .. , . , 
Executive direction and administrative services .. 
(Amounts avai 1 able until expended, account-wide) , , 
Total, Operation of Indian Programs. 
Contract Support Costs 
Contract support costs. 
Indian self -determination fund. 
Total, Contract Support Costs. FY 2016 
Enacted 
1,845 
26' 693 
8,273 
--- ~ ~-- w ------
301 '517 
45' 179 
74,791 
15,641 
8,021 
246 
3,126 --------------
147,004 
5,168 
11 ,398 
37' 638 
9, 263 
2,684 
9. 955 
2, 996 
30,751 
51 ,914 
10,367 
13,646 
6,066 
~ .. -~..-~¥~~~-~~-
191 ,846 
127,486 
553,458 
(73, 276) 
74,893 
--... -~--M--... --... 
628' 351 
134,263 
64' 602 
25' 151 ---- ~---------
852' 367 
347' 976 
28' 173 
1 '274 
.. --~ ----------
377,423 
40,619 
229' 662 
(43,813) 
2' 267' 924 
272,000 
5,000 ----,. -*- ~ M W W-W 
277 '000 FY 2017 
Request 
3,095 
26' 783 
12 '377 ----- ~--------
307' 148 
57' 343 
74' 773 
18,946 
9' 708 
254 
3' 137 --------------
164' 161 
7,953 
12,905 
40,161 
14,266 
3' 685 
13,056 
3,996 
30' 769 
52' 155 
15,000 
15,658 
5,993 
-.. ~ ~ "< ~ ~ W -M -M --
215' 597 
136' 192 
574,075 
(75' 335) 
77' 207 --------------
651 '282 
144' 295 
66,841 
50,012 
- ------~ --~ ---
912' 430 
341 '281 
30' 753 
1 ,426 --------------
373,460 
42 '844 
243' 954 
(47,848) --------------
2' 395' 786 
273' 000 
5,000 
* ~ w - - - - - -~ --... -
278' 000 Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted 
----------------------------
305' 115 +3' 598 
55,500 +10 ,321 
74' 773 -18 
18,509 +2' 868 
9, 708 +1 ,687 
254 +8 
3' 137 +11 
-------------- --------------
161 '881 +14,877 
4, 953 -215 
11,405 +7 
40' 161 +2' 523 
9,266 +3 
2,685 +1 
9' 956 +1 
2' 996 
30' 769 +18 
52' 155 +241 
10,450 +83 
14,414 +768 
5, 993 -73 
--------------
195,203 +3 '357 
121 '192 -6' 294 
575' 075 +21 ,617 
(75' 335) (+2 '059) 
77' 207 +2 ,314 -------------- --------------
652' 282 +23' 931 
140,540 +6' 277 
66' 841 +2' 239 
33' 223 +8' 072 -------------- --------------
892' 886 +40' 519 
352' 551 +4' 575 
30' 753 +2' 580 
1 ,426 +152 -------------- --------------
384' 730 +7' 307 
42' 844 +2' 225 
231 '784 +2' 122 
(48 ,815) (+5' 002) ----------------------------
2' 335' 635 +67' 711 
273' 000 +1 ,000 
5,000 
-w ~ ¥ w -- --~ -w .. w -~ -.. --~ ---.. --"' 
278' 000 +1 ,000 Bill vs. 
Request 
-1 '250 
+3 ,217 
-4,000 
--------------
-2' 033 
-1 ,843 
-437 
--------------
-2' 280 
-3' 000 
-1 '500 
-5,000 
-1 '000 
-3' 100 
-1 '000 
-4,550 
-1,244 
----- ... --... ---- ~ 
-20 '394 
-15,000 
+1 '000 
--------------
+1 '000 
-3' 755 
-16,789 
--------------
-19' 544 
+11 '270 
--------------
+11 '270 
--------------
-60' 151 
-...... w ~ - - ---- - ~ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4708 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 740 here EH12JY16.010srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
(Amounts ·J n thousands) 
Construction 
Education ...... . 
Public safety and justice ..... 
Resources management .... 
General administration. 
Tota·l, Construction ..... 
Indian Land and Water Claim Settlements and 
Miscellaneous Payments to Indians 
Settlements and Miscellaneous Payments to Indians. 
Indian Guaranteed Loan Program Account 
Indian guaranteed loan program account. 
TOTAL, BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS AND INDIAN 
EDUCATION. FY 2016 
Enacted 
138' 245 
11 ,306 
34.488 
9, 934 
193.973 
49' 475 
7, 748 
2 '796. 120 FY 2017 
Request 
138,257 
11 '306 
36,513 
10,941 
197 '017 
55,155 
7. 757 
2 '933 '715 Bill 
138' 257 
11 '306 
36' 513 
10,941 
197,017 
49 '025 
8, 757 
2,868' 434 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+12 
+1 
+3' 044 
-450 
+1 '009 
+72,314 Bill vs. 
Request 
-6,130 
+1 '000 
-65' 281 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== 
DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES 
Office of the Secretary 
Leadership and administration. 
Management services .. 
Office of Natural Resources Revenue. 
Payments in L1 eu of Taxes (PILT). 
Total, Office of the Secretary. 
Insular Affairs 
Assistance to Territories 
Territorial Assistance 
Office of Insular Affairs. 
Technical assistance. 
Maintenance assistance fund. 
Brown tree snake .. 
Coral reef initiative. 
Empowering Insular Communities. 
Compact impact. 
Subtotal, Territorial Assistance. 
American Samoa operations grants ........... . 
Northern Marian as covenant grants ............ . 
Total, Assistance to Territories ......... . 
(discretionary). 
(mandatory) .. 
Compact of Free Association 
Compact of Free Association Federal services .... 
Enewetak support. 
Subtotal, Compact of Free Association .. 
Compact payments, Palau (Title I, General Provision). 
Total, Compact of Free Association .. 
Total, Insular Affairs ................. . 
(discretionary). 
(mandatory). 122,885 
21 '365 
125,519 
452,000 
... ----- ~-------
721 '769 
9,448 
15,504 
1 '081 
3' 500 
1 '000 
2' 971 
3,000 __ .,. ___________ 
36' 504 
22' 752 
27 '720 .... ,.., .. _____ .,. ___ 
86' 976 
(59' 256) 
(27' 720) 
2,818 
500 
--- ~ ~ w--------
3,318 
13' 147 --------------
16,465 --------------
103,441 
(75, 721) 
(27' 720) 127,394 123' 110 +225 -4,284 
21 ,676 19,825 -1 '540 -1,851 
129,306 126,487 +968 -2' 819 
480,000 +28 ,000 +480 '000 -------------- -------------- -------- ~-------------------
278' 376 749,422 +27' 653 +471 ,046 
9,863 9,448 -415 
21 ,064 15,504 -5,560 
5,000 1 '081 -3' 919 
3,000 3. 500 +500 
2,000 1 ,000 -1 '000 
5,000 2, 971 -2.029 
3,000 3,000 -------------- -------------- ------- ~--- ~---~--------- .. --
48 '927 36.504 -12' 423 
22' 752 22' 752 
27' 720 27 '720 --"' .... ---- ~----"'---- ... ---... ~---------- .. ""---~ ~ _______ ., ______ 
99 '399 86' 976 -12.423 
(71 ,679) (59' 256) ( -12' 423) 
(27' 720) (27' 720) 
2, 818 2' 818 
500 500 -------------- ---------------------------- --------------
3,318 3,318 
·13, 147 ----------------------------____________ ,._ --------------
3,318 3, 318 -13' 147 --------------_______ ,. ____ ,._ ----- ~-.. ~---... ~ -~ ----~ --~ ~ ---
102,717 go,294 -13' 147 -12,423 
(74,997) (62,574) ( -13' 147) ( -12' 423) 
(27. 720) (27,720) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4709 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 741 here EH12JY16.011srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Office of the Solicitor 
Legal services .. 
General administration .. 
Ethics .... 
Total, Office of the Solicitor ... 
Office of Inspector General 
Audit and investigations. 
Administrative services and information management. 
Total, Office of Inspector General .. 
Office of Special Trustee for American Indians 
Federal Trust Programs 
Program operations, support, and improvements. 
(Office of Historical Accounting) ...... . 
Executive direction. 
Total, Office of Special Trustee for American 
Indians ... 
TOTAL, DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES .. 
(Discretionary) ................ . 
(Mandatory) ..... . 
DEPARTMENT -WIDE PROGRAMS 
Wi 1 dl and Fire Management 
Fire Operations: 
Preparedness .. 
Fire suppression. 
Subtota 1 , Fire operations. 
Other Operations: 
Fuels Management ....... . 
Resilient Landscapes .... . 
Burned area rehabilitation ..... 
Fire facilities. 
Joint fire science. 
Subtotal, Other operations .... 
Subtotal, Wildland fire management. 
Total, Wildland fire management ..... ........... 
FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Account 
FLAME wi 1 dfi re suppression reserve account. 
Total, all wi 1 dl and fire accounts 
Suppression Cap Adjustment. 
Tot a 1 , Wildland Fire Management with cap 
adjustment... . .............. . FY 2016 
Enacted 
59,091 
4,971 
1 '738 --~ ------~ ~ ~ . -
65' 800 
37' 538 
12,509 
--~-~---------
50.047 
136,998 
(22,120) 
2,031 
139 '029 
1,080,086 
(1,052,366) 
(27' 720) 
323' 685 
291 '673 --------------
615,358 
170' 000 
18,970 
6,427 
5, 990 --------------
201 '387 --------------
816,745 
816,745 
177,000 --------------
993' 745 
-..... -~ ------ ---
993.745 FY 2017 
Request 
62,781 
4, 940 
1. 727 
--~ ~ -~ -----+ --
69' 448 
43' 263 
12.648 --------------
55,911 
138,335 
(19 ,629) 
2,044 
140,379 
646,831 
(619, 111) 
(27' 720) 
332' 784 
276' 291 
-----~ ~ ~ w ~ .. -- -
609' 075 
149,089 
30.000 
20.470 
10,000 
5,990 --------------
215' 549 --------------
824' 624 
--------------
824,624 
___ ,.. ____ ~~~~~· 
824' 624 
290.000 ---- ~ .. --------
1 '114, 624 Bill 
59,091 
4,971 
1 '738 . ~.-----------
65' 800 
37' 538 
12,509 ----... ~--------
50' 047 
136.998 
(18' 688) 
2,031 
139' 029 
1 '094. 592 
( 1 . 066' 872) 
(27. 720) 
332' 784 
302' 701 --------------
635.485 
180' 000 
20' 470 
10,000 
5, 990 --------------
216,460 --------------
851 '945 
--------------
851 '945 
92' 000 
------- -- ~ 4 ~ ~ ~ 
943.945 
------~ ~ ----- -
943.945 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
_________ ,._., __ 
--------------
( -3' 432) 
+14' 506 
(+14,506) 
+9' 099 
+11 '028 --------------
+20' 127 
+10,000 
+1 '500 
+3' 573 
--------------
+15' 073 --------------
+35' 200 
--------------
+35' 200 
-85' 000 w w-------- ~ ~--
-49.800 
------- ~------
-49' 800 Bi 1'1 VS. 
Request 
-3' 690 
+31 +11 
--------------
-3' 648 
-5,725 
-139 --------------
-5,864 
-1,337 
-1.350 
+447. 761 
(+447,761) 
+26, 410 
--------------
+26,410 
+30' 911 
-30' 000 
--------------
+911 
--------------
+27' 321 
+27' 321 
+92' 000 --------------
+119' 321 
-290' 000 --------------
-170,679 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4710 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 742 here EH12JY16.012srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Central Hazardous Materials Fund 
Central hazardous materials fund. 
Natural Resource Damage Assessment Fund Damage 
assessments. 
Program management. 
Restoration support .. 
Oil Spill Preparedness. 
Total, Natural Resource Damage Assessment Fund. 
Working Capital Fund .. 
TOTAL, DEPARTMENT-WIDE PROGRAMS. 
Appropriations. 
Disaster Relief cap adjustment. 
TOTAL, TITLE I, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR .... 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions .. 
Rescissions of contract authority .......... 
(Mandatory). ···························· (Discretionary without cap adjustment) ... 
(Disaster Relief cap adjustment) .. 
TITLE II -ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
Science and Technology 
Clean Air and Climate. 
(Climate protection program) ............ . 
Enforcement ....................... . 
Homeland security. 
Indoor air and Radiation. 
IT I Data management I Security. 
Operations and administration ............ . 
Pesticide licensing ..... 
Research: Air, climate and energy .. 
Research: Chemical safety and sustai nabi l i ty. 
(Research: Computational toxicology). 
(Research: Endocrine disruptor) ........... . 
Research: National priorities. 
Research: Safe and sustainable water resources. 
Research: Sustainable and healthy communities .. 
Water: Human health protection. 
Total, Science and Technology. 
(by transfer from Superfund) ........... . 
Environmental Programs and Management 
Brownfi el ds .. 
Clean air and climate. 
(Climate protection program). 
Compliance ... 
Enforcement. 
(Environmental justice). FY 2016 
Enacted 
10,010 
2,500 
2,192 
2,075 
1 ,000 
. ---- ~-.------
7' 767 
67' 100 
1,078,622 
(1 ,078,622) 
12,016,431 
( 12' 044' 431) 
( -28' 000) 
(61 '720) 
(11 ,954, 711) 
116,541 
(8' 018) 
13' 669 
37' 122 
5,997 
3,089 
68 '339 
6,027 
91 ,906 
126,930 
(21 ,409) 
(16,253) 
14,100 
107,434 
139,975 
3' 519 --------------
734' 648 
( 18, 850) 
25' 593 
273,108 
(95,436) 
101 ,665 
240 '637 
(6,737) FY 2017 
Request 
13' 513 
2' 071 
2,438 
3,619 
1 '101 --------------
9,229 
111 ,524 
1 '248 '890 
(958 '890) 
(290' 000) 
12' 242 '229 
(12,272,229) 
( -30' 000) 
(61 '720) 
( 11 '890' 509) 
(290 '000) 
128' 154 
(8' 127) 
14' 608 
37' 205 
7' 510 
3' 092 
78,447 
5,289 
101 '151 
134,221 
(25,744) 
(15 ,381) 
106' 257 
134,327 
3 '923 --------------
754,184 
(15 ,496) 
25' 906 
340' 974 
(107' 761) 
111 '270 
268' 118 
(15,291) Bin 
10' 010 
2 '000 
2' 192 
2,575 
1 '000 --------------
7' 767 
67' 100 
1 '028 '822 
( 1 '028 '822) 
12' 111 ,625 
(12, 159,625) 
(-20,000) 
( -28 '000) 
(61 '720) 
( 12 '049' 905) 
110 '880 
(8 '018) 
13' 125 
37' 122 
5 '997 
3 '089 
68' 339 
5 '289 
88 '282 
132 '265 
(25,744) 
(16 '253) 
10,000 
107,434 
134' 327 
3' 923 
--------------
720 '072 
(15 ,496) 
25' 593 
248' 108 
(80 ,436) 
100 '048 
226,741 
(6' 737) Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-500 
+500 
--------------
-49' 800 
( -49' 800) 
+95' 194 
(+115' 194) 
( -20' 000) 
( +95' 194) 
-5' 661 
-544 
-738 
-3' 624 
+5' 335 
(+4, 335) 
-4' 100 
-5' 648 
+404 
--------------
-14' 576 
( -3' 354) 
-25' 000 
( -15, 000) 
-1 '617 
-13,896 Bill vs. 
Request 
-3' 503 
-71 
-246 
-1 '044 
-101 --------------
-1 ,462 
-44,424 
-220,068 
( +69' 932) 
( -290, 000) 
-130' 604 
( -112, 604) 
( -20, 000) 
( +2' 000) 
(+159,396) 
(-290,000) 
-17' 274 
( -109) 
-1 '483 
-83 
-1 '513 
-3 
-10' 108 
-12' 869 
-1 '956 
(+872) 
+10,000 
+1 '177 
--------------
-34,112 
-313 
-92' 866 
(-27,325) 
-11 '222 
-41 '377 
( -8, 554) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4711 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 743 here EH12JY16.013srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Environmental protection: National priorities. 
Geographic programs: 
Great Lakes Restoration Initiative ... 
Chesapeake Bay .. . 
San Franci so Bay ..... . 
Puget Sound. . . . ......... . Long 
Is 1 and Sound .. 
Gu1 f of Me xi co. 
South Florida ....... , .... . Lake 
Champlain. 
Lake Pontchartrai n .. 
Southern New England Estuaries .. 
Other geographic activities .. 
Subtotal .. 
Homeland security ........... . 
Indoor air and radiation. 
Information exchange I Outreach. 
(Children and other sensitive populations: 
Agency coordination). 
(Environmental education). 
International programs.... . ........... . IT 
I Data management I Security. . ......... . 
Legal I sci encel regula tory I economic review .... . 
Operations and administration ..... . 
Pesticide licensing. 
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA). 
Taxies risk review and prevention. . ............ . 
(Endocrine di sruptors) .. 
Underground storage tanks (LUST I UST) . 
Water: Ecosystems: 
National estuary program I Coastal waterways. 
Wetlands .. 
Subtotal ... 
Water: Human health protection .. 
Water quality protection. 
Total, Environmental Programs and Management .... 
Hazardous Waste Electronic Manifest System Fund E-Mani 
fest System Fund. 
Office of Inspector General 
Audits, evaluations, and i nvesti gati ons .............. . (by transfer from Superfund).... . ... , ........ . 
Buildings and Facilities 
Homeland security: Protection of EPA personnel 
and infrastructure. . ......... . 
Operations and admi ni strati on. 
Total, Buildings and Facilities .... 
Hazardous Substance Superfund 
Audits, evaluations, and investigations. 
Comp 1 i ance .......... ............ 
Enforcement. , ........... 
Homeland security .. 
Indoor air and radiation ........... FY 2016 
Enacted 
12,700 
300 '000 
73' 000 
4,819 
28,000 
3,940 
4' 482 
1 '704 
4' 399 
948 
5,000 
1,445 
427.737 
10,195 
27' 637 
126' 538 
(6,548) 
(8, 702) 
15,400 
90.536 
111,414 
482 '751 
102 '363 
104,877 
92' 521 
(7 ,553) 
11 '295 
26 '723 
21 '065 
47' 788 
98.507 
210,417 
2,613,679 
3,674 
41,489 
(9' 939) 
6, 676 
35' 641 
~ -~ -~ -M - - -• ---
42,317 
9 '939 
995 
166,375 
36.362 
1 '985 FY 2017 
Request 
250' 000 
70' 000 
4, 040 
30.034 
2,893 
3, 983 
1 '339 
1 ,399 
948 
5,000 
965 
370.601 
11 '518 
29' 908 
152.445 
(7. 842) 
(11 '157) 
18,099 
126,974 
145.683 
520,316 
110,896 
110,708 
99' 043 
(4, 329) 
11.612 
27' 191 
23 '668 
50' 859 
109,437 
238' 526 
2' 852' 893 
7,433 
51.527 
(8' 778) 
7. 875 
44' 203 
~---- ~--------
52.078 
8 '778 
1 '099 
175,657 
32,616 
2' 182 Bill 
15,000 
300' 000 
60' 000 
4,040 
28' 000 
10,000 
3, 983 
1 '339 
1 '399 
948 
409' 709 
10,195 
29' 148 
115' 440 
(6' 548) 
13,100 
90' 536 
89' 234 
482 '751 
102' 363 
104,877 
92,521 
(7 ,553) 
11 ,295 
21 
47,788 
100' 507 
212' 516 
2. 527.470 
3' 178 
41 
6,676 
27' 791 ------.. -------
34' 467 
8, 778 
995 
160. 375 
32 '616 
1 '985 Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
+2' 300 
-13,000 
-779 
... 6 '060 
-499 
·365 
-3' 000 
·5, 000 
-1 ,445 
-18' 028 
+1 
-11 
( -8, 702) 
-2,300 
-22' 180 
+2' 000 
+2' 099 
-86' 209 
-496 
( -1,161) 
. 7,850 ---- ~-- ~------
-7' 850 
-1 '161 
-6,000 
-3.746 Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
+15' 000 
+50' 000 
-10,000 
-2' 034 
+7' 107 
+39,108 
-1 
-37,005 
(-1 
(-11 
-4,999 
-36' 438 
-56' 449 
-37.565 
-8' 533 
-5' 831 
-6' 522 
(+3,224) 
-317 -468 
-2' 603 
-3,071 
-8,930 
-26 '010 
-325' 423 
-4,255 
-10' 038 
-1 '199 
-16,412 --------------
-17,611 
-104 
-15,282 
-197 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4712 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 744 here EH12JY16.014srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Information exchange I Outreach ... . IT 
I data management I security ..... . 
Legal/science/regulatory/economic review. 
Operations and administration ....... . 
Research: Chemical safety and sustai nabi l i ty .. 
Research: Sus ta i nab l e communities ... 
Superfund cleanup: 
Superfund: Emergency response and removal .. 
Superfund: Emergency preparedness. 
Superfund: Federal facilities ... 
Superfund: Remedial ... 
Subtotal .. 
Total , Hazardous Substance Superfund. 
(transfer out to Inspector General) ............ . 
(transfer out to Science and Technology). 
Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund (LUST) 
Enforcement. 
Operations and administration ..... 
Research: Sustainable communities. 
Underground storage tanks (LUST I UST). (LUST 
I UST) . 
(LUST cooperative agreements) . 
(Energy Policy Act grants) ........ . 
Total, Leaking Underground Storage Tank 
Trust Fund ... 
Camp l i ance . 
Enforcement. 
Oil. Inland Oil Spill Program 
Operations and administration .. 
Research: Sustainable communities. 
Total, Inland Oil Spill Program. 
State and Tribal Assistance Grants (STAG) 
A 1 ask a Native villages. 
Brownfi el ds projects. 
Clean water state revolving fund (SRF). 
Diesel emissions grants. 
Drinking water state revolving fund (SRF). 
Me xi co border. . . ......... . 
Targeted ai rshed grants. 
Subtotal, Infrastructure assistance grants.,. 
Categorical grants: 
Beaches protection. 
Brownfields. 
Environmental information .. 
Hazardous waste financial assistance. 
Lead. . .................... . 
Nonpoint source (Sec. 319) .. 
Pesticides enforcement. 
Pesticides program implementation. 
Pollution control (Sec. 106). 
(Water quality monitoring) ...... . 
Poll uti on prevention. 
Public water system supervision ... 
Radon. 
State and local air quality management. 
Taxi cs substances compliance .. FY 2016 
Enacted 
1 '328 
14,485 
1 ,253 
128' 105 
2, 843 
14,032 
181 '306 
7' 636 
21 '125 
501,000 
711 '067 
1 '088 '769 
( -9 '939) 
( -18 ,850) 
620 
1 '352 
320 
89' 649 
(9,240) 
(55' 040) 
(25,369) 
91 ,941 
139 
2,413 
14,409 
584 
664 
18,209 
20' 000 
80' 000 
1,393,887 
50' 000 
863' 233 
10,000 
20' 000 
2,437' 120 
9,549 
47' 745 
9,646 
99 '693 
14,049 
164,915 
18,050 
12' 701 
230' 806 
(17' 848) 
4, 765 
101 '963 
8' 051 
228,219 
4, 919 FY 2017 
Request 
1 ,366 
20,141 
1 ,278 
130,608 
2,824 
11 ,463 
185' 233 
7' 931 
26,770 
521 '043 
740' 977 
1 '128' 989 
(-8,778) 
( -15,496) 
668 
1 ,669 
365 
91 '583 
(9' 322) 
(54,402) (27,859) 
94,285 
160 
2,492 
20,461 
1 '763 
534 
25,410 
17' 000 
90' 000 
979' 500 
10,000 
1 '020 '500 
5,000 
2' 122' 000 
49' 500 
25' 346 
99' 693 
14,049 
164,915 
18,050 
13' 201 
246' 164 
(17' 848) 
4, 765 
109,700 
268' 229 
4, 919 Bill 
1 ,328 
14,485 
1 ,253 
128,105 
2,B24 
11 ,463 
185,233 
7,931 
21 '125 
537' 433 
751 '722 
1 '115 '929 
( -8, 778) 
( -15,496) 
620 
1 '352 
320 
92,313 
(9' 322) 
(56' 402) 
(26,589) 
94' 605 
139 
2,413 
14,409 
5B4 
534 
18' 079 
17' 000 
80' 000 
1,000,000 
100,000 
1 '070 '500 
5, 000 
40' 000 
2,312,500 
47 '745 
9,646 
99' 693 
14,049 
164,915 
18,050 
12 '701 
230' 806 
(17 ,848) 
4, 765 
109,700 
8, 051 
228,219 
4, 919 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
-19 
-2 '569 
+3 '927 
+295 
+36' 433 
+40 '655 
+27' 160 
(+1 '161) 
(+3,354) 
+2' 664 
(+82) 
(+1 '362) 
(+1 '220) 
+2 '664 
-130 
-130 
-3,000 
-393,887 
+50' 000 
+207' 267 
-5,000 
+20' 000 
-124.620 
-9' 549 
+ 7. 737 Bill vs. 
Request 
-38 
-5 '656 
-25 
-2' 503 
-5' 645 
+16' 390 
+10, 745 
-13' 060 
-48 
-317 
-45 
+730 
(+2 '000) 
( -1 '270) 
+320 
-21 
-79 
-6' 052 
-1 '179 
-7' 331 
-10' 000 
+20' 500 
+90' 000 
+50' 000 
+40' 000 
+190,500 
-1 '755 
-15' 700 
-500 
-15' 358 
+8' 051 
-40 '010 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4713 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 745 here EH12JY16.015srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT DF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Tribal air quality management.. 
Tribal general assistance program. 
Underground injection control (UIC). 
Underground storage tanks ... 
Wetlands program development. 
Multipurpose grants ... 
Subtotal, Categorical grants. 
Total, State and Tri ba 1 Assistance Grants. 
Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Program FY 2016 
Enacted 
12,829 
65' 476 
10,506 
1 ,498 
14,661 
21 ,000 
... ~ .. ---~ -~ -----
1 '081 ,041 
3' 518,161 FY 2017 
Request 
12,829 
96' 375 
10,506 
2,498 
17' 661 
-.. --.. ~~~~-~~~-
1 '158 ,400 
3. 280' 400 Bill vs. 
Bill Enacted 
12,829 
65' 476 
10,506 
1 '498 
14,661 
-21 '000 
W W- ~-M ~-- .. M ~ ~ M -.. -----~ -w - - - -
1,058,229 -22' 812 
3' 370' 729 -147,432 
Admi ni strati ve Expenses. 5, 000 5, 000 +5, 000 Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
-30' 899 
-1 '000 
-3 '000 
-100' 171 
+90' 329 
Direct loan Subsidy. . 15,000 45, 000 +45, 000 +30. 000 
Total, Water Infrastructure Finance and 
Innovation Program. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20,000 50,000 +50, 000 +30, 000 
Administrative Provisions 
Cybersecuri ty .. 
Rescission ... 
TOTAL, TITLE II, ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions. 
(By transfer) ... 
(Transfer out) . 
TITLE 
III -RELATED AGENCIES 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE 
FOREST SERVICE 
Forest and Rangel and Research 
Forest inventory and analysis. 
Research and development programs. 
Total, Forest and rangeland research. 
State and Private Forestry 
Landscape seale restoration .. 
Forest Health Management: 
Federal 1 ands forest health management. 
Cooperative 1 ands forest health management .. 
Subtotal. 
Cooperative Forestry: 
Forest stewardship .... 
Forest legacy .... 
Community forest and open space conservation ... 
Urban and community forestry ..... . 
Subtotal, Cooperative Forestry. 
International forestry. 
Total, State and Private Forestry .............. . 27 '000 
-40,000 
8,139,887 
( 8' 179' 887) 
( -40,000) 
(28' 789) 
( -28, 789) 
75' 000 
216,000 
291 '000 
14,000 
58' 922 
40' 678 --------------
99.600 
23' 036 
62.347 
2,000 
28' 040 --------------
115,423 
8,000 
237' 023 8,267,199 7 '976' 018 
(8,267,199) (7,976,018) 
(24,274) (24,274) 
( -24,274) ( -24,274) 
77' 000 77' 000 
214' 982 214,982 
291 '982 291 '982 
23,513 14,000 
51 ,382 68' 922 
40' 678 45' 678 -------------- --------------
92 '060 114,600 
22.398 22' 398 
62' 347 55' 000 
2,000 2' 000 
23' 686 28' 040 -------------- --------------
110,431 107' 438 
8' 000 8, 000 
234' 004 244' 038 -27' 000 
+40' 000 
-163' 869 
( -203' 869) 
(+40' 000) 
( -4' 515) 
(+4' 515) 
+2' 000 
-1 '018 
+982 
+10' 000 
+5' 000 --------------
+15, 000 
-638 
-7' 347 
--------------
-7 '985 
+7' 015 -291 '181 
( -291 '181) 
-9' 513 
+17' 540 
+5' 000 --------------
+22' 540 
-7' 347 
+4' 354 --------------
-2 '993 
+10 034 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4714 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 746 here EH12JY16.016srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
National Forest System 
Land management planning. . .......................... . 
Inventory and monitoring .. 
Land management planning, assessment and monitoring .. 
Recreation, heritage and wilderness. . ............ . 
Grazing management. 
Grazing admi ni strati on management. 
Grazing administration management offsetting 
collections. 
Forest products....... . .......... . 
Vegetation and watershed management .. 
Wildlife and fish habitat management .... 
Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Fund. 
Minerals and geology management. 
Landownership management .. 
Law enforcement operations. 
Total, National Forest System. 
Capital Improvement and Maintenance 
Facilities: 
Maintenance. 
Construction ... 
Subtotal. 
Roads: 
Maintenance. 
Construction. 
Subtotal .. 
Trails: 
Maintenance .. . 
Construction .. . 
Subtotal ... 
Deferred maintenance........ . ......... . Legacy 
road and trail remediation .. 
Subtotal, Capital improvement and maintenance. 
Deferral o·f road and trai 1 fund payment. 
Total, Capital improvement and maintenance. 
Land Acquisition 
Acquisitions .. 
Acquisition Management. 
Cash Equalization .. 
Recreational Access .. 
Critical Inholdings/Wilderness. 
Total , Land Acquisition .. 
Acquisition of land for national forests, special acts 
Acquisition of lands to complete land exchanges .. 
Range betterment fund ... 
Gifts, donations and bequests for forest and rangeland 
research .... 
Management of national forest lands for subsistence 
uses ..... FY 2016 
Enacted 
36' 998 
147,998 
261 '719 
56' 856 
359' 805 
184,716 
140,466 
40' 000 
76' 423 
77 '730 
126' 653 
~~»•»~~~---~--
1,509,364 
55' 369 
16,021 ____________ .. _ 
71 '390 
145' 454 
26' 640 
172' 094 
69,777 
7' 753 --------------
77' 530 
3' 150 
40' 000 --------------
364,164 
-16,000 
--------------
348' 164 
44' 685 
8,500 
250 
8,000 
2,000 --------------
63' 435 
950 
216 
2,320 
45 
2,500 FY 2017 
Request 
183 '928 
263 '942 
50' 000 
15,000 
-15,000 
359' 805 
184,716 
140 '466 
40 '000 
75 '069 
71 '440 
131 '630 
-~-~~--~-----~ 
1,500 '996 
55' 369 
16,231 _., ____________ 
71 ,600 
126,840 
23,160 
150 '000 
70' 597 
7 '933 ____ .,. _________ 
78' 530 
3' 150 
40 '000 --------------
343 '280 
-17' 000 --------------
326 '280 
49 '703 
8,500 
750 
4 '700 
2,000 --------------
65' 653 
950 
216 
2' 320 
45 
2,441 Bill 
36' 998 
147' 998 
263' 942 
56' 856 
384,805 
184,716 
140.466 
40' 000 
75' 069 
71 '440 
129' 153 ---- ~------- ~-
1 '531 '443 
55' 369 
16' 021 --------------
71 '390 
145,454 
26' 640 
172,094 
69,777 
7' 753 --------------
77' 530 
3,150 
40' 000 --------------
364' 164 
-16,000 
--------------
348' 164 
13' 330 
7' 000 
250 
4' 700 
2' 000 --------------
27' 280 
950 
216 
2' 320 
45 
2, 500 Bil"l vs. 
Enacted 
+2' 223 
+25' 000 
-1 ,354 
-6,290 
+2' 500 
+22' 079 
--------------
--------------
--------------
-31 '355 
-1 '500 
-3,300 
--------------
-36' 155 Bill vs. 
Request 
+36 '998 
+147 '998 
-183 '928 
+6' 856 
-15 'ODO 
+15' 000 
+25' 000 
-2,477 --------------
+30' 447 
-210 --------------
-210 
+18' 614 
+3' 480 
+22' 094 
-820 
-180 --------------
-1 '000 
+20' 884 
+1 '000 
--------------
+21 '884 
-36,373 
-1 
--------------
-38' 373 
+59 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4715 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 747 here EH12JY16.017srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Wi 1 dl and Fire Management 
Fire operations: 
Wildland fire preparedness... . ......... . 
Wildland fire suppression operations .. . 
Subtotal, Fire operations. 
Other operations: 
Hazardous fuels .... 
(Hazardous Fuels Base Program) ... 
(Biomass Grants). 
Fire plan research and development. 
Joint fire sciences program. 
State fire assistance ...... 
vo·l unteer fire assistance .. 
Subtotal, Other operations ... 
Subtotal, Wildland Fire Management ............ . 
Appropriations. . ................ . 
FLAME Wi 1 dfi re Suppression Reserve Account 
FLAME wildfire suppression reserve account. 
Total. all wildland fire accounts. 
Suppression cap adjustment. 
Total , Wildland Fire Management with cap 
adjustment ... 
Total, Forest Service without Wildland Fire 
Management. 
TOTAL, FOREST SERVICE. 
Appropriations .. 
Disaster Relief cap adjustment. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE 
Indian Health Services 
Clinical Services: 
Hospital and health clinics. 
Dental health. 
Mental health ................ . A l 
coho I and substance abuse. 
Purchased I referred 
Subtotal .. 
Preventive Health: 
Public health nursing ... 
Health educat 1 on .... 
Community health representatives. 
Immunization (Alaska). . ......... . 
Subtotal. FY 2016 
Enacted 
1 '082' 620 
811 ,000 
~ ~ ~ ~ w-. -------
1 '893' 620 
375' 000 
(360' 000) 
( 15,000) 
19 '795 
6, 914 
78' 000 
13' 000 --------------
492' 709 --------------
2' 386' 329 
(2' 386' 329) 
823 '000 
3' 209' 329 
--------------
3' 209' 329 
--------------
2' 455' 017 
5. 664,346 
( 5' 664' 346) 
1 '857' 225 
178' 286 
82,100 
205' 305 
914,139 
3,237,055 
76' 623 
18' 255 
58' 906 
1 '950 
155,734 FY 2017 
Request 
1 '082' 620 
873 '904 
. ------ ~ ----.. -
1 '956. 524 
384,126 
(396,126) 
(15,000) 
19,795 
78 '000 
13,000 
--------------
494' 921 --------------
2 '451 '445 
(2,451 ,445) 
--------------
2 '451 '445 
864' 096 --------------
3' 315' 541 
--------------
2,424,887 
5' 740' 428 
(4,876,332) 
( 864 '096) 
1 '979 '998 
186' 829 
111 '143 
233 '286 
962' 331 _________ .,. ____ 
3,473,587 
82 '040 
19,545 
62 '428 
2,062 
166' 075 Bill 
1,147,620 
933,434 --------------
2,081,054 
395' 000 
(390 '000) 
(5 ,000) 
19,795 
6, 914 
78' 000 
13,000 
--------------
512,709 
--------------
2' 593 '763 
(2,593, 763) 
315' 000 --------------
2,908, 763 
--------------
2' 908' 763 
--------------
2' 448 '938 
5,357,701 
(5' 357,701) 
1 '928' 879 
186,029 
86' 143 
216,486 
960' 831 
3,378,368 
82 '040 
19 '545 
62 '428 
2,062 
166,075 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+65' 000 
+122,434 --------------
+187 ,434 
+20' 000 
( +30 '000) 
( -10 '000) 
--------------
+20 '000 --------------
+207 '434 
(+207 ,434) 
-508,000 
-300' 566 
--------------
-300 '566 
--------------
-6' 079 
-306,645 
(-306,645) 
+71 '654 
+7' 743 
+4' 043 
+11 '181 
+46' 692 
+141 '313 
+5' 417 
+1 ,290 
+3' 522 
+112 
+10' 341 Bi 11 vs. 
Request 
+65' 000 
+59' 530 --------------
+124,530 
+10,874 
( -6' 126) 
( -10' 000) 
+6' 914 
--------------
+17 '788 --------------
+142,318 
(+142,318) 
+315,000 
+457' 318 
-864' 096 --------------
-406 '778 
--------------
+24' 051 
-382' 727 
(+481 '369) 
( -864 '096) 
-51' 119 
-800 
-25 '000 
-16' 800 
-1 '500 
-95 '219 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4716 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 748 here EH12JY16.018srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Other services: 
Urban Indian health. .. ............ , 
Indian health professions., .. . 
Tribal management grant program. 
Direct operations. 
Self -governance. 
Subtotal. 
Total, Indian Health Services ..... . 
Contract Support Costs 
Contract support. 
Indian Health Facilities 
Maintenance and improvement .. 
Sanitation facilities construction ... ,. 
Health care facilities construction. 
Facilities and environmental health support. 
Equipment .. 
Total, Indian Health Facilities. 
TOTAL, INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE. NATIONAL INSTITUTES 
OF HEALTH 
Nat i anal Institute of Environmental Health Sciences ... 
AGENCY FOR TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND DISEASE REGISTRY 
Toxic substances and environmental public health .... 
TOTAL, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES .. 
OTHER RELATED AGENCIES EXECUTIVE OFFICE 
OF THE PRESIDENT 
Counci 1 on Environmental Quality and Office of 
Environmental Quality. 
CHEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION BOARD 
Salaries and expenses. 
OFFICE OF NAVAJO AND HOPI INDIAN RELOCATION 
Salaries and expenses .. 
INSTITUTE OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA NATIVE CULTURE 
AND ARTS DEVELOPMENT 
Payment to the Institute .. 
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION 
Salaries and Expenses 
Museum and Research Institutes: 
National Air and Space Museum ...... . 
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory. 
Major scientific instrumentation. FY 2016 
Enacted 
44,741 
48 '342 
2,442 
72 '338 
5, 735 ----~ -~ --.. ~ ---
173,598 --------------
3' 566' 387 
717' 970 
73' 614 
99 '423 
105' 048 
222,610 
22 '537 --------------
523 '232 
4,807,589 
77' 349 
74,691 
4' 959' 629 
3,000 
11 ,000 
15,000 
11 ,619 
18 '937 
24,141 
4,118 FY 2017 
Request 
48,157 
49' 345 
2,488 
69' 620 
5,837 --------- ~----
175,447 
------~ -------
3,815,109 
800 '000 
76,981 
103,036 
132,377 
233' 858 
23' 654 --------------
569' 906 
5' 185' 015 
77,349 
74,691 
5' 337' 055 
3, 015 
12,436 
15,431 
11 ,835 
19' 853 
24' 393 
6,118 Bi 11 
48,157 
49' 345 
2,488 
70' 420 
5, 837 
----- ~--------
176' 247 ---- ~ ~---.. ----
3' 720' 690 
800' 000 
76' 464 
103' 036 
120' 934 
233' 858 
23' 654 --------------
557' 946 
5' 078' 636 
77,349 
74,691 
5' 230' 676 
3,000 
11 '000 
15,431 
11 '619 
19,187 
24,141 
4,118 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+3' 416 
+1 '003 
+46 
-1 '918 
+102 --------------
+2' 649 --------------
+154,303 
+82' 030 
+2' 850 
+3' 613 
+15' 886 
+11 ,248 
+1 '117 --------------
+34,714 
+271 '047 
+271 ,047 
+431 
+250 Bill vs. 
Request 
+800 
-----.. --- ~----
+800 
---------- ~---
-94' 419 
-517 
-11 '443 
--------------
-11 '960 
-106' 379 
-106,379 
-15 
-1,436 
-216 
-666 
-252 
-2' 000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4717 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 749 here EH12JY16.019srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Universe Center. . ............... . 
National Museum of Natural Hi story .. 
National Zoological Park .............. . 
Smithsonian Environmental Research Center .. 
Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute. 
Bi odi vers ity Center ......................... . 
Arthur M. Sackler Gallery/Freer Gallery of Art .. 
Center for Fol kl ife and Cultural Heritage. 
Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum .. 
Hi rshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden .. 
National Museum of African Art. 
World Cultures Center .. 
Anacost i a Community Museum. 
Archives of American Art .... 
National Museum of African American History and 
Culture ... 
National Museum of American History ... . 
National Museum of the American Indian ............. . 
National Portrait Gallery.. . ............. . 
Smithsonian American Art Museum.... . ........... . 
American Experience Center .. 
Subtotal, Museums and Research Institutes. 
Mission enabling: 
Program support and outreach: 
Out reach. 
Communications .. 
Institution-wide programs. 
Office of Exhibits Central .. 
Museum Support Center ............ . Museum 
Conservation Institute .. 
Smithsonian Institution Archives ................. . 
Smithsonian Institution Libraries ...... . 
Subtotal, Program support and outreach ... 
Office of Chief Information Officer. 
Administration ........ . 
Inspector General ........ . 
Facilities services: 
Facilities maintenance. . .......... . 
Facilities operations, security and support ... . 
Subtotal, Facilities services .. 
Subtotal, Mission enabling. 
Total, Salaries and expenses .. 
Facilities Capital 
Revitalization ................. . 
Facilities planning and design. 
Construction ........... . 
Total, Facilities Capital .. 
TOTAL, SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION. FY 2016 
Enacted 
184 
48' 503 
26.382 
3,956 
14,166 
1 ,523 
6,111 
2,581 
4,810 
4,414 4,263 
284 
2,116 
1 ,880 
41 ,347 
23,122 
31.726 
6,064 
9,587 
595 
~~~--~--·--~--
280,810 
9,229 
2' 594 
14,784 
3' 009 
1 '866 
3,277 
2,203 
10' 654 -.. ---.. -~--- ~ ~-
47' 616 
50' 400 
34' 554 
3,451 
73 '985 
205 '229 --------------
279,214 --------------
415,235 ----------------
696' 045 
92' 788 
51 ,410 
--------------
144,198 
840.243 FY 2017 
Request 
184 
49' 205 
27' 252 
4,171 
14,344 
4, 230 
6,197 
3' 122 
5' 105 
4,913 
4,576 
792 
2,329 
2,005 
41 ,564 
26,142 
32,341 
6,460 
10,115 
596 --------------
296' 007 
9,214 
2' 632 
14,984 
3, 057 
1 '890 
3' 320 
2, 316 
11 ,275 -~------------
48' 688 
54,641 
37' 526 
3,499 
89' 227 
229' 636 --------------
318,863 --------------
463,217 --------------
759' 224 
83.650 
29.350 
50' 000 ___________ ...... 
163,000 
922' 224 Bi 11 
184 
48' 503 
26' 882 
3' 956 
14,166 
1 '523 
6' 111 
2' 581 
4, 946 
4, 564 
4, 343 
792 
2' 116 
1 ,880 
41 ,564 
24' 528 
31 ,950 
6,185 
9, 782 
5g5 -------~ ~ -----
284.597 
9,229 
2, 594 
14,784 
3,009 
1 '866 
3,277 
2, 203 
10,654 --------------
47,616 
50' 400 
35.069 
3,451 
75' 585 
215' 769 --------------
291 '354 
--------------
427' 890 --------------
712,487 
80' 560 
20.300 
50.000 ....... ___________ 
150,860 
863.347 Bi 11 VS. 
Enacted 
+500 
+136 
+150 +80 +508 
+217 
+1 '406 
+224 +121 +195 
--------------
+3. 787 
--------------
+515 
+1 '600 
+1 0 '540 
--------------
+12 '140 --------------
+12,655 
+16 '442 
-12' 228 
-31 '110 
+50' 000 --------------
+6' 662 
+23,104 Bin vs. 
Request 
-702 -370 
-215 
-178 
-2' 707 
-86 
-541 
-159 -349 -233 -213 -125 
-1 '614 
-391 
-275 
-333 
-1 --------------
-11 '410 
+15 
-38 
-200 
-48 
-24 
-43 
-113 
-621 --------------
-1 '072 
-4,241 
-2' 457 
-48 
-13' 642 
-13' 867 --------------
-27 '509 --------------
-35 '327 
-46' 737 
-3' 090 
-9' 050 
--------------
-12' 140 
-58,877 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4718 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 750 here EH12JY16.020srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H. R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
NATIONAL GALLERY OF ART 
Salaries and Expenses 
Care and utilization of art collections .. 
Operation and maintenance of buildings and grounds. 
Protection of buildings, grounds and contents. 
General administration. 
Total, Salaries and Expenses .......... . 
Repair, Restoration and Renovation of Buildings 
Base program. 
TOTAL, NATIONAL GALLERY OF ART ............. . 
JOHN F. KENNEDY CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING ARTS 
Operations and maintenance .. 
Capital repair and restoration. 
TOTAL, JOHN F. KENNEDY CENTER FOR THE PERFORMING 
ARTS. 
WOODROW WILSON INTERNATIONAL CENTER FOR SCHOLARS 
Salaries and expenses ............. . 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE HUMANITIES 
National Endowment for the Arts 
Grants and Administration 
Grants: 
Direct grants ... 
Challenge America grants .. 
Subtotal ...... . 
State partnerships: 
State and regional .. 
Underserved set-aside. 
Subtotal ... , .. , ........ . 
Subtotal, Grants. , ....... . 
Program support. 
Administration .. 
Total, Arts .... 
National Endowment for the Humanities 
Grants and Admi ni strati on 
Grants: 
Special Initiative: The Common Good .. 
Federal/ State partnership. 
Preservation and access .. 
Public programs. 
Research programs. 
Education programs .... 
Program deve 1 opment .. FY 2016 
Enacted 
41,581 
33.858 
22.643 
26.906 
~-..... ~ ~- ~ *----
124.988 
22,564 
147,552 
21 ,660 
14,740 
36. 400 
10,500 
63.420 
7' 600 --~ .... ""--------
71 ,020 
37' 262 
10,084 --------------
47.346 --------------
118,366 
1. 780 
27.803 --------------
147,949 
5,500 
43.040 
15,200 
13.454 
14,536 
13,040 
500 FY 2017 
Request 
45,418 
35.011 
24,231 
31 ,141 
••~--~-~-w~w~w 
135,801 
22,600 
158,401 
22.260 
13,000 
35' 260 
10,400 
63 '906 
7' 600 
71.506 
37 '517 
10,154 
...................... w .... 
47' 671 --------------
119.177 
1. 950 
28' 722 ---- ~--... ------
149.849 
10,190 
43.040 
14,385 
12.730 
13 ,755 
12.000 
500 Bill 
44,653 
35,011 
24,231 
26.906 
~ ----.. ------~ ~ 
130.801 
22.564 
153. 365 
22.260 
14,140 
36.400 
10,500 
--------------
71.506 
37,517 
10,154 --------------
47,671 --------------
119 '177 
1 ,950 
28.722 ________ ,.. _____ 
149,849 
7. 230 
46.000 
14,385 
12.730 
13.755 
12 '000 
500 Bill VS. 
Enacted 
+3, 072 
+1 ,153 
+1 '588 
------------ ~-
+5. 813 
+5,813 
+600 
-600 
+486 
------ ~-------
+486 
+255 
+70 
--------------
+325 _______ ,.. ______ 
+811 
+170 
+919 
--------------
+1,900 
+1 
-724 
-781 
-1 ,040 Bi11 VS. 
Request 
-765 
-4,235 
-~---w--------
-5' 000 
-36 
-5.036 
+1,140 
+1 ,140 
+100 
----- ~--------
--------------
--------------
--------------
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4719 July 12, 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.079 H12JYPT1
Insert offset folio 751 here EH12JY16.021srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2017 (H.R. 5538) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
Digital humanities initiatives. 
Subtota 1 , Grants. 
Matching Grants: 
Treasury funds. 
Challenge grants ... 
Subtotal, Matching grants .. 
Admi ni strati on ..... 
Total, Humanities .. 
TOTAL, NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE 
HUMANITIES .. 
COMMISSION OF FINE ARTS 
Salaries and expenses. 
NATIONAL CAPITAL ARTS AND CULTURAL AFFAIRS 
Grants. 
ADVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC PRESERVATION 
Salaries and expenses. 
NATIONAL CAPITAL PLANNING COMMISSION 
Salaries and expenses ...... . 
UNITED STATES tlOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM 
Holocaust Memorial Museum .. 
DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER MEMORIAL COMMISSION 
Salaries and expenses .. 
Construction .. 
Total , DWIGtlT D. EISENHOWER MEMORIAL COMMISSION. TOTAL, 
TITLE III. RELATED AGENCIES. 
Appropriations. . ....................... . 
(Disaster Relief cap adjustment) .......... .. 
GRAND TOTAL .. 
Appropriations. 
Rescissions. 
Rescissions of contract authority. 
Disaster Re 1 i ef cap adjustment. 
(By transfer) .. 
(Transfer out). 
( Discretionary total -1 ess disaster relief category 
adjustment) .. FY 2016 
Enacted 
4,480 
109,750 
2,400 
8' 500 
10,900 
27,292 
147,942 
295. 891 
2,653 
2. 000 
6,080 
8,348 
54,000 
1 '000 
1,000 
12' 069.261 
(12,069,261) 
32.225.579 
(32.293,579) 
( -40' 000) 
( -28' 000) 
(28' 789) 
( -28. 789) 
(32, 158,859) FY 2017 
Request 
4 '600 
111 ,200 
2,200 
8, 500 
10.700 
27' 948 
149' 848 
299' 697 
2,762 
1 ,400 
6,493 
8' 099 
57.000 
1 ,800 
43' 000 
44.800 
12.666.736 
(11 ,802,640) 
(864, 096) 
33.176,164 
( 32. 052. 068) 
(-30,000) 
( 1 ' 154. 096) 
(24, 274) 
(-24,274) 
(31. 960' 348) Bill 
4,600 
111.200 
2,200 
8' 500 
10.700 
27' 948 
149' 848 
299.697 
2, 762 
2. 000 
6,480 
8. 099 
57' 000 
12.069.077 
( 12.069. 077) 
32,156,720 
(32,204, 720) 
( -20 '000) 
(-28.000) 
(24,274) 
( -24.274) 
( 32. 095. 000) Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+120 
+1. 450 
-200 -200 
+656 
+1 '906 
+3. 806 
+109 
+400 
-249 
+3. 000 
-1 
,000 
-1 ,000 
-184 
( -184) 
( -63' 859) Bill vs. 
Request 
+600 
-13 
-1.800 
-43.000 
-44,800 
-597.659 
(+266,437) 
( -864. 096) 
(+134.652) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4720 July 12, 2016 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I would like to thank Chairman C
AL-
VERT for the warm birthday wishes. But I would also like to thank the chairman and his staff for their open and collaborative approach, and the wonderful staff on the Democratic side who will be helping me this evening. This subcommittee has had a chal-lenging portfolio of issues, and I com-mend the chairman’s effort to find so-lutions in another yet difficult budget year. This year’s subcommittee held 14 budget hearings, 4 which involved Na-tive American Indians and Alaska Na-tives. b1645 The testimony provided by the 209 witnesses clearly articulated the seri-ous need for programs and services under this subcommittee’s jurisdiction. Unfortunately, the FY 2017 sub-committee allocation is $64 million less than last year’s enacted level. This means the needs of many important programs that are vital to protecting our Nation’s natural and cultural re-sources will not be met as they far out-pace a stagnant allocation. Within this constrained top line number, difficult choices had to be made, and, sadly, the majority cut important programs that protect the American public and con-serve our natural resources. The most significant programmatic cut is to the Environmental Protection Agency, which is slashed by $164 mil-lion. This cut will impact the Agency’s ability to protect human health and the health of our environment and to ensure clean air and clean water for our families and future generations. This year, the critical need for the EPA was unmistakable as our Nation watched a tragedy unfold in Flint, Michigan, by which children were poisoned by lead in their drinking water. So I find it difficult to reconcile the cuts recommended in this bill with the public health challenges that are faced by this country. Flint is a cul-mination of years of weakening the EPA through budget cuts and an over-reliance on State agencies to manage Federal environmental laws. All of our communities deserve and expect their government to provide clean water and basic public health protections. Especially in light of Flint, I must strongly object to the majority’s deci-sion to reduce funding for clean water by $394 million, which is 28 percent below the 2016 enacted level. Clean water and safe drinking water go hand in hand. You cannot have one without the other. The residents of Flint were betrayed by their State government, and, to this day, they still do not have safe drink-ing water available from their taps. The levels provided in this bill for the State Revolving Funds are inadequate to deal with the decaying infrastruc-ture in our Nation, no less the emer-gency in Flint, Michigan. In addition to the irresponsible cuts to the EPA, I am also troubled by the 30 percent reduction for the Endan-gered Species Listing. Reducing fund-ing for this program opens the door for litigation, and it delays protecting and recovering vulnerable species. The bill also shortchanges the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which, since its inception, has protected con-servation and recreation land in every State and has supported tens of thou-sands of State and local projects. Yet, despite its merits, this bill slashes the Land and Water Conservation Fund program by a third. Despite this bill’s shortcomings in the environmental protection and re-source conservation areas, I do, how-ever, want to express how very proud I am of this subcommittee’s nonpartisan approach in addressing the issues that are facing our Native American broth-ers and sisters. I am pleased that this bill recommends an increase of $343 million for programs that are critical to Indian Country. However, I would be remiss if I did not point out, even with this increase, the funding for Native American pro-grams is still $172 million less than the administration’s request. Native Amer-ican and Alaska Native populations face substantial hardships, and when compared to the total population, they have poorer health, lower earnings, and higher rates of poverty. So we must continue to work to-gether in our efforts to support these communities. That is why I applaud this bill for maintaining our commit-ment to provide Native American stu-dents with safe schools that are condu-cive to learning and for fully funding contract support costs so that tribes are not penalized for exercising their self-determination rights. Another bright spot in this bill is the continued support for the National Parks Centennial Initiative. The bill recommends $80 million for the Centen-nial, which will strengthen the founda-tion for visitor services and make es-sential infrastructure investments. I am also pleased that an additional $3 million is provided for the Civil Rights Initiative grant program and that funding is included for grants-in- aid to Historically Black Colleges and Universities. I especially would like to thank the chairman for working with me to res-urrect the Save America’s Treasures program. This program funds and pre-serves nationally significant sites, structures, and artifacts. I am very proud that, in working together, we were able to restart this program, and I will work diligently with the chair-man to make sure it is included in the final bill. Unfortunately, this bill ne-glects to act on many other opportuni-ties to wisely invest taxpayers’ dollars. I am frustrated that the majority has, effectively, left $1.2 billion on the table by not adopting the common-sense reforms that are championed in Chairman S
IMPSON ’s wildfire disaster funding bill. Every member of the Sub-committee on the Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies is a co-sponsor of that bill—Democrat and Re-publican alike. Yet, once again, the majority has balked and cites com-mittee jurisdiction. However, those ju-risdictional issues did not hinder the majority’s including dozens of harmful legislative riders. I must express my concern and disappointment with the 38 partisan riders in this bill. The num-ber is outrageous, and, to me, the na-ture of the riders that are included panders to special interests at the ex-pense of the public good. For example, the bill contains a pro-vision that would reverse the safety improvements that were developed fol-lowing the Deepwater Horizon tragedy. Eleven lives were lost in that explo-sion. I must express my clear dismay that this bill puts the profits of big oil companies ahead of worker safety. The veto-bait provisions that seek to turn back protections for endangered spe-cies, to restrict control of greenhouse gas emissions, and to undermine clean water and clean air protections do not belong in this bill. I acknowledge and I appreciate the efforts that have been made to accom-modate Democratic priorities in this bill. However, I still cannot support this bill as it is drafted. Despite my current opposition, it is my clear in-tention to continue working with Chairman CALVERT through this year’s appropriations process to produce a re-sponsible bill that both parties can support. The gentleman has my word on that. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OG-
ERS), the chairman of the full Com-mittee on Appropriations. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support this 5th of the 12 bills to be considered on the floor. This morning, the committee marked up the 11th of the 12 bills, and, tomorrow, the Committee on Appro-priations will mark up the 12th bill so that those bills are ready for floor ac-tion. We would have been well on the way to completing all of these bills on the floor but for the abbreviated legis-lative year in which we have found our-selves because of the conventions and other legislation. This bill provides nearly $32.1 billion for agencies that are charged with managing and protecting our natural resources and our Federal lands as well as Native American programs and other independent agencies. Within this total, $3.9 billion is dedi-cated to fighting devastating wildfires—fully funding the 10-year av-erage and increasing funding for pro-grams that help prevent fires from hap-pening in the first place. The bill increases funding for our commitments to American Indians and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.080 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4721 July 12, 2016 
Alaska Natives, addressing public safe-ty, health, and education, among other important services. For rural communities that have nontaxable Federal lands and, as a re-sult, face huge budget shortfalls that would hurt local government functions, the bill provides full funding for the payments in lieu of taxes program. This legislation also makes good use of the congressional power of the purse by cutting the EPA by $164 million and slashing its regulatory programs to help stop this administration’s heavy handed, onerous regulatory agenda. Communities across the country rely on coal and other energy production for good jobs, and hardworking Ameri-cans expect reasonable energy bills to take care of their families. Relief from the EPA’s job-killing regulations is paramount to the economic growth that our country desperately needs right now; so I am proud that the bill takes the necessary steps to cut this red tape. This includes prohibiting funds to change the definition of ‘‘waters’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act or to enforce the proposed Stream Buffer Zone Rule. The legisla-tion also bars the EPA from imple-menting new greenhouse gas regula-tions on power plants, and it provides flexibility for States to implement new ozone standards. In all, Mr. Chairman, this is a bal-anced bill. It invests taxpayer dollars in the right priorities and protects against the administration’s harmful regulatory policies, which helps to en-sure a brighter future for our Nation. I congratulate and thank the chair-man of the subcommittee. Mr. C
ALVERT  has done a wonderful job, I think, on constructing this bill. It is a good bill that deserves all of our support, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the ranking member of the full Committee on Appropriations. Mrs. LOWEY. I thank Chairman C
AL-
VERT , Ranking Member M CCOLLUM , and Chairman R
OGERS for their work on this bill. Mr. Chairman, the bill before us would provide $32.095 billion for the De-partment of the Interior and the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, which is a decrease of $64 million from the en-acted level and a staggering $1 billion below the President’s request. As a re-sult, the bill contains serious short-comings. The drastic underfunding of the EPA, which is the agency tasked with protecting public health and safe-ty, with a cut of $164 million from al-ready inadequate funding levels, would decimate its operating budget. The crisis in Flint is a horrifying re-minder that we cannot afford to starve the EPA. Eight thousand children under the age of 6 have likely been ex-posed to lead contamination. The long- term impacts of that exposure are se-vere and will not end when the water is clean. Decades or even a lifetime of dif-ficulty may plague those affected. Con-sidering the severity of the Flint water crisis, I am shocked that this bill would cut the Clean Water State Re-volving Funds. If the tragedy in Flint has shown us anything, it is that we must invest in our Nation’s infrastruc-ture. Perhaps of greatest concern is the in-clusion of partisan and dangerous pol-icy riders. Yet again this year, these controversial riders imperil the appro-priations process. These include block-ing the administration’s efforts to re-duce greenhouse gas emissions; stop-ping the EPA from implementing its lead renovation, repair, and painting rule, preventing the EPA from pro-tecting millions of at-risk children from increased exposure to lead; and, once again, attacking the Endangered Species Act, putting politics above science and jeopardizing the protection of precious species. Neither Democrats in Congress nor President Obama will agree to poison pill riders that cause harm to our environment and public health. I concede there are a few positive ele-ments in the bill, namely an $80 mil-lion increase for the National Parks Centennial Initiative and for the com-petitive historic preservation grant programs for Historically Black Col-leges and Universities. Unfortunately, these are not enough to redeem the en-tire bill, and I must urge my colleagues to vote against it. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ), the chairman of the full Committee on Natural Resources. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, this is not an easy budget area. In fact, it is a very complex one, but this sub-committee has worked to produce what, I believe, is one of the best bills we have seen in years in this particular area. Is it perfect? Of course not, but it does move the ball forward. It moves us forward. b1700 I appreciate the efforts on the part of Chairman C
ALVERT , especially to work with us in the authorizing committee to try and see if we can coordinate as many of these programs that are in here. Because it is important to realize that this appropriation bill is not just about programs of the government. Every one of these programs affects people. And if we are not moving it for-ward so that the people are helped in-stead of harmed, then we are doing something that is very myopic, and we put blinders on us, and we don’t see where we are actually trying to go. That is why I appreciate this par-ticular bill. This is an effort to move us forward so we are actually doing pro-grams that assist and help people. I want the committee, the appropriators here, to realize I do appreciate their ef-fort to work with us on the authorizing side so that we can work together for a common goal. I am happy to be able to support this particular effort. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington State (Mr. K
ILMER ), a member of the Appropriations Sub-committee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chairman C
ALVERT and Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM for the work that went into this bill. I knew a lot of difficult decisions had to be made, given our current fiscal situa-tion, and this bill manages to do some good. I am pleased with the strong invest-ments made to address the needs across Indian Country, for example. We have taken some real steps to bolster Indian health and education, not to mention providing some assistance to tribes fac-ing the very real threat of rising sea levels. I am also glad that the committee se-cured strong investments in the USGS budget for the West Coast early earth-quake warning system and the volcano hazard program. These systems are critical to monitoring and detecting seismic and volcanic activity and giv-ing Washingtonians and folks on the entire West Coast a few crucial seconds to get out of harm’s way. The bill we are debating today makes some real progress in these areas, but unfortunately it doesn’t measure up in others, particularly when it comes to investing in the environment. This leg-islation is supposed to provide critical funding for our most treasured natural resources, and it fails to live up to what the folks we represent demand. For one thing, the funding is inad-equate. Among the agencies hardest hit is the Environmental Protection Agen-cy, whose budget was cut by more than $164 million and, judging by the list of amendments we will be considering, I expect it will lose even more. That doesn’t leave enough for the agency to do what it does best, like clean up pol-luted sites, protect our natural treas-ures, like Puget Sound, and make progress on fighting climate change. Not to mention, we don’t provide any new funds to communities like Flint that are struggling to provide clean and safe water for their citizens. Unfortunately, a number of impor-tant priorities for States like mine are left on the chopping block in the cur-rent bill. In the Pacific Northwest, for exam-ple, Puget Sound is a gift, an iconic body of water that benefits our entire Nation. We have a plan in place to meet important restoration goals for it, but funds for the Puget Sound geo-graphic program and the natural estu-ary program are not where they should be. These funds provide essential re-sources to empower Federal, State, local, and tribal agencies to mount a coordinated strategy to recover this iconic resource that is an economic driver for our region. This really matters. It matters to tribes that have lived on the Sound 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.082 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4722 July 12, 2016 
since time immemorial. It matters to the overall health and viability of our waterways and the livelihoods that de-pend on them. We are passionate about the outdoors in Washington State, and that is why I am also disappointed to see this bill made serious cuts in the Land and Water Conservation Fund. In fact, it chops the funding 30 percent from last year. If we approve this approach, many shovel-ready projects will be for-ever lost. That is a shame because the Land and Water Conservation Fund is a key tool that builds public-private partnerships and ensures real on-the- ground work gets done. It is what we call a win-win. It is a vital tool for communities to invest in assets for local residents and for tourists who can enjoy our natural treasures and then spend some money at our local shops and restaurants. We have seen hundreds of projects in Washington State as a result of this critical program, and that is why local leaders from across my State and oth-ers have been advocates for a perma-nent reauthorization of this important program. They recognize how valuable the Land and Water Conservation Fund is, not only for our environment and to recreation, but also to our ability to attract tourists and bolster our econ-omy. For all these reasons, as well as those highlighted by Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM and others, I will not be able to support this legislation, but, again, I appreciate the hard work on it. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ). Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman, the rank-ing member, and the staff for all their hard work on this legislation. This bill is notable for what it funds and also for what it doesn’t fund. West Virginians love our clean water. We love our clean air. We love our moun-tains and our forests. We worked hard on this bill to ensure West Virginia’s priorities were main-tained and addressed. We included full funding, $480 million, for a program that provides important resources for local schools and counties like Poca-hontas, Greenbrier, Nicholas, Webster, and Fayette in my district. We have also provided an additional $90 million for the abandoned mine lands pilot program. This will continue to restore these sites in West Virginia and return them to productive eco-nomic use; agriculture, manufacturing, tourism, and much, much more. What West Virginians do not love in this President’s war on coal is its im-pact. West Virginians’ jobs and our families’ livelihoods are on the line. Once again, the President requested hundreds of millions of dollars to spend on regulations, programs, and lawyers to make it harder for West Virginians and our Nation to mine and use coal. Our State has lost more than 10,000 coal jobs over the last 5 years, due to this administration’s policies. Our counties are being devastated, losing revenue from the coal severance tax that funds schools, hospitals, emer-gency services, and so much more. Our coal miners live with uncer-tainty, wondering if this is the day they will get a pink slip when they come out of the mines. The President’s war on coal is bankrupting the health and retirement of seniors and widows, jeopardizing their financial security. Today, we say ‘‘no’’ to funding the war on coal and ‘‘no’’ to regulatory over-reach. In this bill, we hold the line on the EPA. We cut their regulatory budget. We maintain the lowest agency staffing level since 1989. We halt the harmful, job-killing rules at EPA and Office of Surface Mining, rules that would make electricity more expensive, rules like the stream buffer zone rule that would shut down even more mines, rules that would expand the EPA’s reach and im-pose unrealistic standards on our com-munities. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. I urge our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to recognize the devastating impact these rules are already having. Please support our efforts. I encourage support of this excellent measure. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ), a member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I rise today in opposition to this bill, but want to take a moment to recognize the hard work our subcommittee has put into this legislation. I do appreciate the work of Chairman C
ALVERT and Rank-ing Member M
CCOLLUM on this bill. This bill is critical to our country, and there are so many programs in it that are vital to my constituents in Maine. Programs like the National Park Service, the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Land and Water Con-servation Fund, are all funded in this bill and all provide vital programs, re-sources, and research to my State and to the Nation as a whole. Although we worked in a bipartisan fashion to create this bill, at the end of the day, the funding levels are still too low. The bill provides $64 million below the FY 2016 enacted level and $1 billion below the President’s budget request. Although I am very glad to see pro-grams for our local arts communities, such as the NEA and NEH, are in-creased and that programs for our local infrastructure, such as the Clean Water Fund are funded slightly above the President’s request, there is not enough money in the bill for our na-tional needs. In particular, the EPA overall is not funded to the levels that we need as a Nation. Back home in Maine, one of the most often cited needs of our communities is for more infrastructure resources. In some towns, that means transportation infrastructure, and in others, it means water and sewer infrastructure. In the past decade where there have been never-ending Federal, State, and local budget cuts, ensuring our communities have clean water is not an easy task. The tragedy in Flint, Michigan, re-minded us all of that fact. This year, the State revolving funds programs get an increase in the chair-man’s bill, and I want to thank him for that. But it is still too much lost time that needs to be made up for in these accounts. The riders in the bill regarding the EPA are an even bigger concern, and would hinder the EPA’s ability to regu-late things from lead paint, to carbon pollution, to the cleanup of mines. Again, we can do better. Our Nation deserves a better bill. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, may I in-quire how much time remains? The CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 17 minutes remaining, and the gentlewoman from Minnesota has 14 minutes remaining. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. GRAVES ) for a colloquy. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I want to thank Chairman C
AL-
VERT for the opportunity to dialogue for a moment and for his work and the subcommittee’s work on this bill. I want to just take a moment to highlight an important issue to many of my constituents that was addressed in the report accompanying last year’s Interior appropriations bill. Since that time, the EPA has been working to provide the guidance called for in that report through a study now underway through their agency and through sev-eral other agencies dealing with the health impacts of recycled rubber infill that is on synthetic playing fields. Now of particular concern, however, is that the research protocol to test these fields does not provide control for sources of possible contamination, which could be done by simply sam-pling nearby natural fields as well. Now, since there has been much re-search done on this subject, I expect the EPA to consider available research and report its results in a way that re-lates it to established health-based guidelines that are currently in place. Mr. Chairman, finally, it is impor-tant that the research is conducted in a timely manner, most importantly, during the first half of this next fiscal year to remove the uncertainty that continues to surround this issue and cause undue concern among parents, athletes, and field users alike. I would like to thank Chairman C
AL-
VERT , again, for his work to address these issues, and I look forward to con-tinuing to work with him and the sub-committee as we go forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.083 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4723 July 12, 2016 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I thank the Congressman from Georgia (Mr. G
RAVES ), a member of our committee who has been closely tracking this. I appreciate his attention to the issue and the update regarding EPA’s activi-ties to implement the direction in fis-cal year 2016 report. I look forward to working with him to address this as we move forward with the fiscal year 2017 process. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. M
ICA) for the purpose of a col-loquy. Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding and appreciate his tireless leadership in leading this appropriation subcommittee’s work and ensuring our Nation’s lands and parks are funded and protected. I rise today, Mr. Chairman, under concern for a true national treasure that is in St. Augustine, Florida. It is the Castillo de San Marcos National Monument. In fact, actually 14 years ago, work began on a project to create a visitors center at the Castillo, which doesn’t really have any facilities for more than 1.4 million visitors each year to that location. In fact, in Flor-ida, it is the second highest visited Na-tional Park location, second only to the Everglades National Park. They have been struggling over the years to keep pace and make the visit meaningful and educational for those who visit. We also know that at Fort Sumter and also at Fort McHenry, which actually fewer numbers of visi-tors, we have new visitors centers; but we don’t have one in this location. Since the passage of this law some 12 years ago, the Department of the Inte-rior and National Park Service have completed extensive and necessary studies. I think we have probably spent $1 million. I brought one of the drafts and some of the other reports. I am hopeful, through the Centennial Challenge Project or other National Park Service programs, that our many years of hard work to renovate the Castillo and also provide a visitors cen-ter can come to fruition through the project lead the gentleman has taken with the centennial fund. So that is the reason I rise. I ask your support as we move forward on this project. b1715 Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. MICA. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. I appreciate the gen-tleman raising this issue. I recognize your longstanding history of work on this effort, and I look forward to con-tinuing to work with you on this im-portant issue. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS). Mr. GIBBS. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 5538, the Department of the In-terior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations bill for fiscal year 2017. This bill responsibly ensures that EPA’s regulatory overreach is checked by Congress. Key provisions in this legislation will stop the EPA’s most burdensome and damaging regu-lations, including the waters of the United States rule. WOTUS is nothing more than a power grab that will expand the Fed-eral Clean Water Act jurisdiction. This rule would force farmers, ranchers, manufacturers, local governments, and property owners to seek permission from Federal bureaucrats before begin-ning any activity remotely related to water, and this must be stopped. I am also pleased to see the com-mittee supports fully funding an inte-grated planning approach to help com-munities affordably manage and meet their regulatory obligations under the Clean Water Act. Communities face enormous financial pressure to provide quality drinking and wastewater for their residents. Integrated planning will allow communities to work with the EPA to determine investments that ensure the greatest water quality benefit. Lastly, this bill provides new funding for the Water Infrastructure Finance Innovation Act, otherwise known as WIFIA, that was authorized in WRRDA 2014. This loan and loan guarantee pro-gram works as a complement to the Clean Water SRF to provide commu-nities with options and flexibility for their water infrastructure projects. With each WIFIA dollar loaned able to leverage $10, I look forward to the EPA making the first WIFIA loans in FY 2017 and monitoring the program’s success. I thank Chairman CALVERT for recognizing the importance of these provisions and for putting together a bill that sets appropriate levels for the agencies and programs. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 5538, the Department of the Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act for FY2017. Whatever constructive provi-sions it may contain are far outweighed by those that will do real damage if enacted. H.R. 5538 is a bill that is riddled with anti-environ-ment riders, among other harmful provisions, which are intended to diminish the ability of the Department of Interior and the Environ-mental Protection Agency to protect public health and the environment. As Ranking Member of the Science Com-mittee, I am certainly familiar with the anti- EPA rhetoric emanating from too many on the Majority side. Fortunately, their attempts to override the growing chorus of American voices demanding action on climate change is failing, and communities across the Nation are showing strong support for EPA’s efforts to re-duce harmful greenhouse gas emissions, im-plement tighter ozone standards, and protect public health. Unfortunately, there are those in this House who apparently have turned a deaf ear to the American people, and instead provide a forum for those who seek to undermine EPA’s work, seemingly at every turn. This bill is another vehicle for implementing those obstructive views. There is no greater evidence of this reality than the blanket prohibition found in this bill on any EPA action ‘‘to address methane emis-sions’’ from the oil and gas industry. While the people in California are still reeling from the largest methane leak in U.S. history, it seems unconscionable to me that we would prohibit EPA from taking any action on issues related to methane emissions. In addition, some of my Republican col-leagues have grown fond of insisting that EPA should only rely on publically available sci-entific information to support their rules and actions. While the goal of a transparent gov-ernment is laudable, the consequence of their insistence is not a more transparent EPA, but an EPA that would be limited as to what science they may consider. As my colleagues and I have said before, we cannot support a bill and accompanying report that limits, or prohibits, EPA from using the best and most relevant science. Moreover, in response to perceived delays in providing documents requested by Con-gress, the authors of this legislation would seemingly punish the hardworking men and women of EPA’s Congressional affairs office by reducing their budget request by 4 million dollars. If my colleagues really want to ad-dress EPA’s inability to provide timely re-sponses to an ever increasing amount of Con-gressional document requests, they would not cut the budget of the office tasked with pro-viding those responses. It may feel good to those proposing the cut, but it is a self-defeat-ing approach to addressing the ostensible problem. Finally, I would note that a number of amendments have been made in order that, if adopted, will only make a bad bill worse. I in-tended to oppose them when they come up for votes. In closing, I cannot support an appropria-tions bill that, among its defects, would dimin-ish the ability of EPA to protect public health and the environment, and would prohibit EPA from using the best and most relevant science. I strongly urge my colleagues to op-pose H.R. 5538. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, first, let me thank Rank-ing Member M
CCOLLUM , for her tremendous leadership on this subcommittee and all envi-ronmental issues. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 5538, the Fiscal Year 2017 Interior and Envi-ronment Appropriations Bill. This bill dan-gerously cuts spending by $64 million cut from FY16 and is $1 billion less than the Presi-dent’s FY2017 request. And this is yet another spending bill filled with ideologically driven riders from House Re-publicans. While there are few positives in this bill, like restoration of Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) grants under the Historic Preservation Fund and an increase in the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund and Water Infrastructure program, there are too 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.084 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4724 July 12, 2016 
many poison riders and cuts to critical pro-grams. For instance, this bill still falls short of pro-viding all of the necessary funding to address the Flint water crisis and fix our decaying water infrastructure. As I’ve mentioned before, I was part of a Congressional Delegation that recently trav-eled to Flint, Michigan to listen to the residents of Flint regarding the horrendous impact of these government decisions that lead to the poising of those of children and families. The environmental injustice in Flint is an example of how many low-income communities of color are treated differently than affluent commu-nities around the country. That is why full funding for the EPA is more important than ever. Yet this bill cuts the EPA by $164 million from FY16 levels. That is downright wrong. This dramatic cut will harm our nation’s abil-ity to protect the health of our communities, our environment and to ensure clean water for our children. Mr. Chair, as I said before, the numerous dangerous and offensive policy riders included in this bill—just to name a few—would block the EPA’s Clean Power Plan and the Office of Surface Mining’s stream protection rule, both of which help curtail dirty and harmful U.S. coal mining. These appalling riders would roll back years of progress; undermine the Administration’s ability to protect endangered species, and to keep our land, water, and air clean. I hope my colleagues will join me in opposi-tion to this bill until Republican appropriators stop the political gamesmanship and get seri-ous about funding our government to meet our Nation’s vital needs. The CHAIR. All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the bill shall be considered for amend-ment under the 5-minute rule and shall be considered read through page 184, line 21. The text of the bill through page 184, line 21, is as follows: 
H.R. 5538 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR B
UREAU OF LANDMANAGEMENT  
MANAGEMENT OF LANDS AND RESOURCES  For necessary expenses for protection, use, improvement, development, disposal, cadas-tral surveying, classification, acquisition of easements and other interests in lands, and performance of other functions, including maintenance of facilities, as authorized by law, in the management of lands and their resources under the jurisdiction of the Bu-reau of Land Management, including the general administration of the Bureau, and assessment of mineral potential of public lands pursuant to section 1010(a) of Public Law 96–487 (16 U.S.C. 3150(a)), $1,081,922,000, to remain available until expended, including all such amounts as are collected from per-mit processing fees, as authorized but made subject to future appropriation by section 35(d)(3)(A)(i) of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 191), except that amounts from permit processing fees may be used for any bureau- related expenses associated with the proc-essing of oil and gas applications for permits to drill and related use of authorizations; of which $3,000,000 shall be available in fiscal year 2017 subject to a match by at least an equal amount by the National Fish and Wild-life Foundation for cost-shared projects sup-porting conservation of Bureau lands; and such funds shall be advanced to the Founda-tion as a lump-sum grant without regard to when expenses are incurred. In addition, $39,696,000 is for Mining Law Administration program operations, includ-ing the cost of administering the mining claim fee program, to remain available until expended, to be reduced by amounts col-lected by the Bureau and credited to this ap-propriation from mining claim maintenance fees and location fees that are hereby au-thorized for fiscal year 2017, so as to result in a final appropriation estimated at not more than $1,081,922,000, and $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, from communica-tion site rental fees established by the Bu-reau for the cost of administering commu-nication site activities. LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out sec-tions 205, 206, and 318(d) of Public Law 94–579, including administrative expenses and acqui-sition of lands or waters, or interests there-in, $19,400,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. 
OREGON AND CALIFORNIA GRANT LANDS  For expenses necessary for management, protection, and development of resources and for construction, operation, and mainte-nance of access roads, reforestation, and other improvements on the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands, on other Federal lands in the Oregon and California land-grant counties of Oregon, and on adja-cent rights-of-way; and acquisition of lands or interests therein, including existing con-necting roads on or adjacent to such grant lands; $106,985,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That 25 percent of the aggregate of all receipts during the current fiscal year from the revested Oregon and California Railroad grant lands is hereby made a charge against the Oregon and Cali-fornia land-grant fund and shall be trans-ferred to the General Fund in the Treasury in accordance with the second paragraph of subsection (b) of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181f). 
RANGE IMPROVEMENTS  For rehabilitation, protection, and acquisi-tion of lands and interests therein, and im-provement of Federal rangelands pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1751), not-withstanding any other Act, sums equal to 50 percent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year under sections 3 and 15 of the Taylor Grazing Act (43 U.S.C. 315b, 315m) and the amount designated for range im-provements from grazing fees and mineral leasing receipts from Bankhead-Jones lands transferred to the Department of the Inte-rior pursuant to law, but not less than $10,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That not to exceed $600,000 shall be available for administrative ex-penses. 
SERVICE CHARGES , DEPOSITS , AND FORFEITURES  For administrative expenses and other costs related to processing application docu-ments and other authorizations for use and disposal of public lands and resources, for costs of providing copies of official public land documents, for monitoring construc-tion, operation, and termination of facilities in conjunction with use authorizations, and for rehabilitation of damaged property, such amounts as may be collected under Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), and under section 28 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185), to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding any provision to the contrary of section 305(a) of Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1735(a)), any moneys that have been or will be received pursuant to that section, whether as a result of forfeiture, compromise, or settlement, if not appropriate for refund pursuant to sec-tion 305(c) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1735(c)), shall be available and may be expended under the authority of this Act by the Sec-retary to improve, protect, or rehabilitate any public lands administered through the Bureau of Land Management which have been damaged by the action of a resource de-veloper, purchaser, permittee, or any unau-thorized person, without regard to whether all moneys collected from each such action are used on the exact lands damaged which led to the action: Provided further, That any such moneys that are in excess of amounts needed to repair damage to the exact land for which funds were collected may be used to repair other damaged public lands. MISCELLANEOUS TRUST FUNDS  In addition to amounts authorized to be expended under existing laws, there is hereby appropriated such amounts as may be con-tributed under section 307 of Public Law 94– 579 (43 U.S.C. 1737), and such amounts as may be advanced for administrative costs, sur-veys, appraisals, and costs of making con-veyances of omitted lands under section 211(b) of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1721(b)), to re-main available until expended. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The Bureau of Land Management may carry out the operations funded under this Act by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reimbursable agreements with public and private entities, including with States. Appropriations for the Bureau shall be available for purchase, erec-tion, and dismantlement of temporary struc-tures, and alteration and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facili-ties to which the United States has title; up to $100,000 for payments, at the discretion of the Secretary, for information or evidence concerning violations of laws administered by the Bureau; miscellaneous and emergency expenses of enforcement activities author-ized or approved by the Secretary and to be accounted for solely on the Secretary’s cer-tificate, not to exceed $10,000: Provided, That notwithstanding Public Law 90–620 (44 U.S.C. 501), the Bureau may, under cooperative cost-sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publications for which the coopera-tors share the cost of printing either in cash or in services, and the Bureau determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accept-ed quality standards: Provided further, That projects to be funded pursuant to a written commitment by a State government to pro-vide an identified amount of money in sup-port of the project may be carried out by the Bureau on a reimbursable basis. Appropria-tions herein made shall not be available for the destruction of healthy, unadopted, wild horses and burros in the care of the Bureau or its contractors or for the sale of wild horses and burros that results in their de-struction for processing into commercial products: Provided further, That the Sec-retary shall approve any use of a right-of- way granted pursuant to the General Rail-road Right-of-Way Act of 1875 (43 U.S.C. 934– 939) if authorization of the use would have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.063 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4725 July 12, 2016 
been considered under Department policy to be within the scope of a railroad’s authority as of the day before the effective date of the Department’s Solicitor’s Opinion M–37025, issued on November 4, 2011. U
NITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE  
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT  For necessary expenses of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, as author-ized by law, and for scientific and economic studies, general administration, and for the performance of other authorized functions related to such resources, $1,255,004,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2018: Pro- vided, That not to exceed $14,411,000 shall be used for implementing subsections (a), (b), (c), and (e) of section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533) (except for processing petitions, developing and issuing proposed and final regulations, and taking any other steps to implement actions de-scribed in subsection (c)(2)(A), (c)(2)(B)(i), or (c)(2)(B)(ii)), of which not to exceed $1,501,000 shall be used for any activity regarding the designation of critical habitat, pursuant to subsection (a)(3), excluding litigation sup-port, for species listed pursuant to sub-section (a)(1) prior to October 1, 2015; of which not to exceed $1,501,000 shall be used for any activity regarding petitions for spe-cies that are indigenous to the United States pursuant to subsections (b)(3)(A) and (b)(3)(B); and, of which not to exceed $1,504,000 shall be used for implementing sub-sections (a), (b), (c), and (e) of section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533) for species that are not indigenous to the United States. 
CONSTRUCTION  For construction, improvement, acquisi-tion, or removal of buildings and other fa-cilities required in the conservation, man-agement, investigation, protection, and uti-lization of fish and wildlife resources, and the acquisition of lands and interests there-in; $14,837,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out chap-ter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, in-cluding administrative expenses, and for ac-quisition of land or waters, or interest there-in, in accordance with statutory authority applicable to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, $50,300,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended, of which, notwithstanding section 200306 of title 54, United States Code, not more than $10,000,000 shall be for land conservation partnerships authorized by the Highlands Conservation Act of 2004, including not to ex-ceed $320,000 for administrative expenses: Provided, That none of the funds appro-priated for specific land acquisition projects may be used to pay for any administrative overhead, planning or other management costs. 
COOPERATIVE ENDANGERED SPECIES  
CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out sec-tion 6 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1535), $55,590,000, to remain avail-able until expended, of which $24,790,000 is to be derived from the Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund; and of which $30,800,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
NORTH AMERICAN WETLANDS CONSERVATION  
FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of the North American Wetlands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4401 et seq.), $37,645,000, to remain available until ex-pended. NEOTROPICAL MIGRATORY BIRD CONSERVATION  For expenses necessary to carry out the Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), $3,910,000, to re-main available until expended. 
MULTINATIONAL SPECIES CONSERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary to carry out the African Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.), the Asian Elephant Conserva-tion Act of 1997 (16 U.S.C. 4261 et seq.), the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), $11,061,000, to remain available until expended. 
STATE AND TRIBAL WILDLIFE GRANTS  For wildlife conservation grants to States and to the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and Indian tribes under the provisions of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 and the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act, for the devel-opment and implementation of programs for the benefit of wildlife and their habitat, in-cluding species that are not hunted or fished, $62,571,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of the amount pro-vided herein, $4,334,000 is for a competitive grant program for Indian tribes not subject to the remaining provisions of this appro-priation: Provided further, That $7,237,000 is for a competitive grant program to imple-ment approved plans for States, territories, and other jurisdictions and at the discretion of affected States, the regional Associations of fish and wildlife agencies, not subject to the remaining provisions of this appropria-tion: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, after deducting $11,571,000 and adminis-trative expenses, apportion the amount pro-vided herein in the following manner: (1) to the District of Columbia and to the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, each a sum equal to not more than one-half of 1 percent there-of; and (2) to Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, each a sum equal to not more than one- fourth of 1 percent thereof: Provided further, That the Secretary shall apportion the re-maining amount in the following manner: (1) one-third of which is based on the ratio to which the land area of such State bears to the total land area of all such States; and (2) two-thirds of which is based on the ratio to which the population of such State bears to the total population of all such States: Pro- vided further, That the amounts apportioned under this paragraph shall be adjusted equi-tably so that no State shall be apportioned a sum which is less than 1 percent of the amount available for apportionment under this paragraph for any fiscal year or more than 5 percent of such amount: Provided fur-ther, That the Federal share of planning grants shall not exceed 75 percent of the total costs of such projects and the Federal share of implementation grants shall not ex-ceed 65 percent of the total costs of such projects: Provided further, That the non-Fed-eral share of such projects may not be de-rived from Federal grant programs: Provided further, That any amount apportioned in 2017 to any State, territory, or other jurisdiction that remains unobligated as of September 30, 2018, shall be reapportioned, together with funds appropriated in 2019, in the manner provided herein. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice may carry out the operations of Service programs by direct expenditure, contracts, grants, cooperative agreements and reim-bursable agreements with public and private entities. Appropriations and funds available to the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice shall be available for repair of damage to public roads within and adjacent to reserva-tion areas caused by operations of the Serv-ice; options for the purchase of land at not to exceed $1 for each option; facilities incident to such public recreational uses on conserva-tion areas as are consistent with their pri-mary purpose; and the maintenance and im-provement of aquaria, buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Serv-ice and to which the United States has title, and which are used pursuant to law in con-nection with management, and investigation of fish and wildlife resources: Provided, That notwithstanding 44 U.S.C. 501, the Service may, under cooperative cost sharing and partnership arrangements authorized by law, procure printing services from cooperators in connection with jointly produced publica-tions for which the cooperators share at least one-half the cost of printing either in cash or services and the Service determines the cooperator is capable of meeting accept-ed quality standards: Provided further, That the Service may accept donated aircraft as replacements for existing aircraft: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, all fees collected for non-toxic shot review and approval shall be deposited under the heading ‘‘United States Fish and Wildlife Service—Resource Management’’ and shall be available to the Secretary, without fur-ther appropriation, to be used for expenses of processing of such non-toxic shot type or coating applications and revising regulations as necessary, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, that none of the funds made available to the Service by this Act may be used to close or otherwise terminate operations of any of the 90 units of the National Fish Hatchery System. NATIONAL PARKSERVICE  
OPERATION OF THE NATIONAL PARK SYSTEM  For expenses necessary for the manage-ment, operation, and maintenance of areas and facilities administered by the National Park Service and for the general administra-tion of the National Park Service, $2,435,047,000, of which $10,032,000 for planning and interagency coordination in support of Everglades restoration and $134,461,000 for maintenance, repair, or rehabilitation projects for constructed assets shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That funds appropriated under this heading in this Act are available for the purposes of section 5 of Public Law 95–348. 
NATIONAL RECREATION AND PRESERVATION  For expenses necessary to carry out recre-ation programs, natural programs, cultural programs, heritage partnership programs, environmental compliance and review, inter-national park affairs, and grant administra-tion, not otherwise provided for, $62,632,000. 
HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND  For expenses necessary in carrying out the National Historic Preservation Act (division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code), $78,410,000, to be derived from the His-toric Preservation Fund and to remain avail-able until September 30, 2018, of which $5,000,000 shall be for Save America’s Treas-ures grants for preservation of national sig-nificant sites, structures, and artifacts as authorized by section 7303 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (54 U.S.C. 3089): Provided, That an individual Save America’s Treasures grant shall be matched by non-Federal funds: Provided fur-ther, That individual projects shall only be eligible for one grant: Provided further, That all projects to be funded shall be approved by the Secretary of the Interior in consultation with the House and Senate Committees on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4726 July 12, 2016 
Appropriations: Provided further, That of the funds provided for the Historic Preservation Fund, $500,000 is for competitive grants for the survey and nomination of properties to the National Register of Historic Places and as National Historic Landmarks associated with communities currently underrep-resented, as determined by the Secretary, $11,000,000 is for competitive grants to pre-serve the sites and stories of the Civil Rights movement, and $3,000,000 is for grants to His-torically Black Colleges and Universities: Provided further, That such competitive grants shall be made without imposing the matching requirements in section 302902(b)(3) of title 54, United States Code to States and Indian tribes as defined in chapter 3003 of such title, Native Hawaiian organizations, local governments, including Certified Local Governments, and nonprofit organizations. 
CONSTRUCTION  For construction, improvements, repair, or replacement of physical facilities, and com-pliance and planning for programs and areas administered by the National Park Service, $215,707,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, for any project ini-tially funded in fiscal year 2017 with a future phase indicated in the National Park Service 5–Year Line Item Construction Plan, a single procurement may be issued which includes the full scope of the project: Provided further, That the solicitation and contract shall con-tain the clause availability of funds found at 48 CFR 52.232–18: Provided further, That Na- tional Park Service Donations, Park Conces-sions Franchise Fees, and Recreation Fees may be made available for the cost of adjust-ments and changes within the original scope of effort for projects funded by the National Park Service Construction appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations, in accordance with cur-rent reprogramming thresholds, prior to making any charges authorized by this sec-tion. 
LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND  
(RESCISSION)  The contract authority provided for fiscal year 2017 by section 200308 of title 54, United States Code, is rescinded. 
LAND ACQUISITION AND STATE ASSISTANCE  For expenses necessary to carry out chap-ter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, in-cluding administrative expenses, and for ac-quisition of lands or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with the statutory au-thority applicable to the National Park Service, $128,752,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended, of which $80,000,000 is for the State assistance pro-gram and of which $10,000,000 shall be for the American Battlefield Protection Program grants as authorized by chapter 3081 of title 54, United States Code. 
CENTENNIAL CHALLENGE  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of section 101701 of title 54, United States Code, relating to challenge cost share agreements, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended, for Centennial Challenge projects and programs: Provided, That not less than 50 percent of the total cost of each project or program shall be derived from non-Federal sources in the form of donated cash, assets, or a pledge of donation guaran-teed by an irrevocable letter of credit. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  In addition to other uses set forth in sec-tion 101917(c)(2) of title 54, United States Code, franchise fees credited to a sub-ac-count shall be available for expenditure by the Secretary, without further appropria-tion, for use at any unit within the National Park System to extinguish or reduce liabil-ity for Possessory Interest or leasehold sur-render interest. Such funds may only be used for this purpose to the extent that the bene-fitting unit anticipated franchise fee receipts over the term of the contract at that unit exceed the amount of funds used to extin-guish or reduce liability. Franchise fees at the benefitting unit shall be credited to the sub-account of the originating unit over a period not to exceed the term of a single con-tract at the benefitting unit, in the amount of funds so expended to extinguish or reduce liability. For the costs of administration of the Land and Water Conservation Fund grants authorized by section 105(a)(2)(B) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (Pub-lic Law 109–432), the National Park Service may retain up to 3 percent of the amounts which are authorized to be disbursed under such section, such retained amounts to re-main available until expended. National Park Service funds may be trans-ferred to the Federal Highway Administra-tion (FHWA), Department of Transportation, for purposes authorized under 23 U.S.C. 204. Transfers may include a reasonable amount for FHWA administrative support costs. UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY  
SURVEYS , INVESTIGATIONS , AND RESEARCH  For expenses necessary for the United States Geological Survey to perform sur-veys, investigations, and research covering topography, geology, hydrology, biology, and the mineral and water resources of the United States, its territories and posses-sions, and other areas as authorized by 43 U.S.C. 31, 1332, and 1340; classify lands as to their mineral and water resources; give engi-neering supervision to power permittees and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission li-censees; administer the minerals exploration program (30 U.S.C. 641); conduct inquiries into the economic conditions affecting min-ing and materials processing industries (30 U.S.C. 3, 21a, and 1603; 50 U.S.C. 98g(1)) and related purposes as authorized by law; and to publish and disseminate data relative to the foregoing activities; $1,080,006,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018; of which $63,637,189 shall remain available until ex-pended for satellite operations; and of which $7,280,000 shall be available until expended for deferred maintenance and capital im-provement projects that exceed $100,000 in cost: Provided, That none of the funds pro-vided for the ecosystem research activity shall be used to conduct new surveys on pri-vate property, unless specifically authorized in writing by the property owner: Provided further, That no part of this appropriation shall be used to pay more than one-half the cost of topographic mapping or water re-sources data collection and investigations carried on in cooperation with States and municipalities. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  From within the amount appropriated for activities of the United States Geological Survey such sums as are necessary shall be available for contracting for the furnishing of topographic maps and for the making of geophysical or other specialized surveys when it is administratively determined that such procedures are in the public interest; construction and maintenance of necessary buildings and appurtenant facilities; acquisi-tion of lands for gauging stations and obser-vation wells; expenses of the United States National Committee for Geological Sciences; and payment of compensation and expenses of persons employed by the Survey duly ap-pointed to represent the United States in the negotiation and administration of interstate compacts: Provided, That activities funded by appropriations herein made may be ac-complished through the use of contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements as defined in section 6302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the United States Geological Survey may enter into contracts or cooperative agreements directly with individuals or indirectly with institu-tions or nonprofit organizations, without re-gard to 41 U.S.C. 6101, for the temporary or intermittent services of students or recent graduates, who shall be considered employ-ees for the purpose of chapters 57 and 81 of title 5, United States Code, relating to com-pensation for travel and work injuries, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code, relating to tort claims, but shall not be con-sidered to be Federal employees for any other purposes. BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  
OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT  For expenses necessary for granting leases, easements, rights-of-way and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine-related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf and approving operations related thereto, as authorized by law; for en-vironmental studies, as authorized by law; for implementing other laws and to the ex-tent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or coop-erative agreements, $169,306,000, of which $74,362,000, is to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, and of which $94,944,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be re-duced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from addi-tions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities conducted by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management pursuant to the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act, including studies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous ad-ministrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received dur-ing the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $74,362,000: Provided further, That not to exceed $3,000 shall be available for reasonable expenses related to promoting volunteer beach and marine cleanup activi-ties. B
UREAU OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL  E
NFORCEMENT  
OFFSHORE SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL  
ENFORCEMENT  
(INCLUDING RESCISSION OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the regulation of operations related to leases, easements, rights-of-way and agreements for use for oil and gas, other minerals, energy, and marine- related purposes on the Outer Continental Shelf, as authorized by law; for enforcing and implementing laws and regulations as au-thorized by law and to the extent provided by Presidential or Secretarial delegation; and for matching grants or cooperative agreements, $136,968,000, of which $93,438,000 is to remain available until September 30, 2018, and of which $43,530,000 is to remain available until expended: Provided, That this total appropriation shall be reduced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation from additions to receipts resulting from increases to lease rental rates in effect on August 5, 1993, and from cost recovery fees from activities con-ducted by the Bureau of Safety and Environ-mental Enforcement pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, including stud-ies, assessments, analysis, and miscellaneous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4727 July 12, 2016 
administrative activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as such collections are received dur-ing the fiscal year, so as to result in a final fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $93,438,000. For an additional amount, $53,000,000, to remain available until expended, to be re-duced by amounts collected by the Secretary and credited to this appropriation, which shall be derived from non-refundable inspec-tion fees collected in fiscal year 2017, as pro-vided in this Act: Provided, That to the ex-tent that amounts realized from such inspec-tion fees exceed $53,000,000, the amounts real-ized in excess of $53,000,000 shall be credited to this appropriation and remain available until expended: Provided further, That for fis-cal year 2017, not less than 50 percent of the inspection fees expended by the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement will be used to fund personnel and mission-re-lated costs to expand capacity and expedite the orderly development, subject to environ-mental safeguards, of the Outer Continental Shelf pursuant to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.), in-cluding the review of applications for per-mits to drill. Of the unobligated balances available for this account, $20,000,000 are permanently re-scinded. 
OIL SPILL RESEARCH  For necessary expenses to carry out title I, section 1016, title IV, sections 4202 and 4303, title VII, and title VIII, section 8201 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $14,899,000, which shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund, to remain available until ex-pended. O
FFICE OF SURFACE MINING RECLAMATION AND  E
NFORCEMENT  
REGULATION AND TECHNOLOGY  For necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $119,300,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That appropria-tions for the Office of Surface Mining Rec-lamation and Enforcement may provide for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel attending Office of Sur-face Mining Reclamation and Enforcement sponsored training. In addition, for costs to review, admin-ister, and enforce permits issued by the Of-fice pursuant to section 507 of Public Law 95– 87 (30 U.S.C. 1257), $40,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That fees as-sessed and collected by the Office pursuant to such section 507 shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collec-tions, to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appro-priated from the general fund shall be re-duced as collections are received during the fiscal year, so as to result in a fiscal year 2017 appropriation estimated at not more than $119,300,000. 
ABANDONED MINE RECLAMATION FUND  For necessary expenses to carry out title IV of the Surface Mining Control and Rec-lamation Act of 1977, Public Law 95–87, $27,303,000, to be derived from receipts of the Abandoned Mine Reclamation Fund and to remain available until expended: Provided, That pursuant to Public Law 97–365, the De-partment of the Interior is authorized to use up to 20 percent from the recovery of the de-linquent debt owed to the United States Gov-ernment to pay for contracts to collect these debts: Provided further, That funds made available under title IV of Public Law 95–87 may be used for any required non-Federal share of the cost of projects funded by the Federal Government for the purpose of envi-ronmental restoration related to treatment or abatement of acid mine drainage from abandoned mines: Provided further, That such projects must be consistent with the pur-poses and priorities of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act: Provided fur-ther, That amounts provided under this head-ing may be used for the travel and per diem expenses of State and tribal personnel at-tending Office of Surface Mining Reclama-tion and Enforcement sponsored training. In addition, $90,000,000, to remain available until expended, for grants to States for rec-lamation of abandoned mine lands and other related activities in accordance with the terms and conditions in the report accom-panying this Act: Provided, That such addi-tional amount shall be used for economic and community development in conjunction with the priorities in section 403(a) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1233(a)): Provided fur-ther, That of such additional amount, $75,000,000 shall be distributed in equal amounts to the 3 Appalachian States with the greatest amount of unfunded needs to meet the priorities described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such section, and $15,000,000 shall be distributed in equal amounts to the 3 Appalachian States with the subsequent greatest amount of unfunded needs to meet such priorities: Provided further, That such additional amount shall be allocated to States within 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS AND BUREAU OF  I
NDIAN EDUCATION  
OPERATION OF INDIAN PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the operation of Indian programs, as authorized by law, in-cluding the Snyder Act of November 2, 1921 (25 U.S.C. 13), the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.), the Education Amend-ments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2001–2019), and the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), $2,335,635,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $8,500 may be for official reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $74,773,000 shall be for welfare assist-ance payments: Provided, That in cases of designated Federal disasters, the Secretary may exceed such cap, from the amounts pro-vided herein, to provide for disaster relief to Indian communities affected by the disaster: Provided further, That federally recognized Indian tribes and tribal organizations of fed-erally recognized Indian tribes may use their tribal priority allocations for unmet welfare assistance costs: Provided further, That not to exceed $652,282,000 for school operations costs of Bureau-funded schools and other education programs shall become available on July 1, 2017, and shall remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided further, That not to exceed $48,815,000 shall remain available until expended for housing im-provement, road maintenance, attorney fees, litigation support, land records improve-ment, and the Navajo-Hopi Settlement Pro-gram: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, including but not limited to the Indian Self-Determination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450f et seq.) and section 1128 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2008), not to exceed $75,335,000 within and only from such amounts made available for school operations shall be available for administrative cost grants associated with grants approved prior to July 1, 2017: Pro- vided further, That any forestry funds allo-cated to a federally recognized tribe which remain unobligated as of September 30, 2018, may be transferred during fiscal year 2019 to an Indian forest land assistance account es-tablished for the benefit of the holder of the funds within the holder’s trust fund account: Provided further, That any such unobligated balances not so transferred shall expire on September 30, 2019: Provided further, That in order to enhance the safety of Bureau field employees, the Bureau may use funds to pur-chase uniforms or other identifying articles of clothing for personnel. CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS  For payments to tribes and tribal organi-zations for contract support costs associated with Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs for fiscal year 2017, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That notwith-standing any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to another budget account. 
CONSTRUCTION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For construction, repair, improvement, and maintenance of irrigation and power sys-tems, buildings, utilities, and other facili-ties, including architectural and engineering services by contract; acquisition of lands, and interests in lands; and preparation of lands for farming, and for construction of the Navajo Indian Irrigation Project pursu-ant to Public Law 87–483, $197,017,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That such amounts as may be available for the construction of the Navajo Indian Irriga-tion Project may be transferred to the Bu-reau of Reclamation: Provided further, That not to exceed 6 percent of contract authority available to the Bureau of Indian Affairs from the Federal Highway Trust Fund may be used to cover the road program manage-ment costs of the Bureau: Provided further, That any funds provided for the Safety of Dams program pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 13 shall be made available on a nonreimbursable basis: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2017, in implementing new construction, re-placement facilities construction, or facili-ties improvement and repair project grants in excess of $100,000 that are provided to grant schools under Public Law 100–297, the Secretary of the Interior shall use the Ad-ministrative and Audit Requirements and Cost Principles for Assistance Programs con-tained in 43 CFR part 12 as the regulatory re-quirements: Provided further, That such grants shall not be subject to section 12.61 of 43 CFR; the Secretary and the grantee shall negotiate and determine a schedule of pay-ments for the work to be performed: Provided further, That in considering grant applica-tions, the Secretary shall consider whether such grantee would be deficient in assuring that the construction projects conform to applicable building standards and codes and Federal, tribal, or State health and safety standards as required by 25 U.S.C. 2005(b), with respect to organizational and financial management capabilities: Provided further, That if the Secretary declines a grant appli-cation, the Secretary shall follow the re-quirements contained in 25 U.S.C. 2504(f): Provided further, That any disputes between the Secretary and any grantee concerning a grant shall be subject to the disputes provi-sion in 25 U.S.C. 2507(e): Provided further, That in order to ensure timely completion of construction projects, the Secretary may as-sume control of a project and all funds re-lated to the project, if, within 18 months of the date of enactment of this Act, any grant-ee receiving funds appropriated in this Act or in any prior Act, has not completed the planning and design phase of the project and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4728 July 12, 2016 
commenced construction: Provided further, That this appropriation may be reimbursed from the Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians appropriation for the ap-propriate share of construction costs for space expansion needed in agency offices to meet trust reform implementation. 
INDIAN LAND AND WATER CLAIM SETTLEMENTS  
AND MISCELLANEOUS PAYMENTS TO INDIANS  For payments and necessary administra-tive expenses for implementation of Indian land and water claim settlements pursuant to Public Laws 99–264, 100–580, 101–618, 111–11, and 111–291, and for implementation of other land and water rights settlements, $49,025,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
INDIAN GUARANTEED LOAN PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans and in-sured loans, $8,757,000, of which $1,182,000 is for administrative expenses, as authorized by the Indian Financing Act of 1974: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modi-fying such loans, shall be as defined in sec-tion 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed or in-sured, not to exceed $120,050,595. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  The Bureau of Indian Affairs may carry out the operation of Indian programs by di-rect expenditure, contracts, cooperative agreements, compacts, and grants, either di-rectly or in cooperation with States and other organizations. Notwithstanding 25 U.S.C. 15, the Bureau of Indian Affairs may contract for services in support of the management, operation, and maintenance of the Power Division of the San Carlos Irrigation Project. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of In-dian Affairs for central office oversight and Executive Direction and Administrative Services (except executive direction and ad-ministrative services funding for Tribal Pri-ority Allocations, regional offices, and facili-ties operations and maintenance) shall be available for contracts, grants, compacts, or cooperative agreements with the Bureau of Indian Affairs under the provisions of the In-dian Self-Determination Act or the Tribal Self-Governance Act of 1994 (Public Law 103– 413). In the event any tribe returns appropria-tions made available by this Act to the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs, this action shall not diminish the Federal Government’s trust re-sponsibility to that tribe, or the govern-ment-to-government relationship between the United States and that tribe, or that tribe’s ability to access future appropria-tions. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no funds available to the Bureau of In-dian Education, other than the amounts pro-vided herein for assistance to public schools under 25 U.S.C. 452 et seq., shall be available to support the operation of any elementary or secondary school in the State of Alaska. No funds available to the Bureau of Indian Education shall be used to support expanded grades for any school or dormitory beyond the grade structure in place or approved by the Secretary of the Interior at each school in the Bureau of Indian Education school system as of October 1, 1995, except that the Secretary of the Interior may waive this pro-hibition to support expansion of up to one additional grade when the Secretary deter-mines such waiver is needed to support ac-complishment of the mission of the Bureau of Indian Education. Appropriations made available in this or any prior Act for schools funded by the Bureau shall be available, in accordance with the Bureau’s funding for-mula, only to the schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, and to any school or school program that was rein-stated in fiscal year 2012. Funds made avail-able under this Act may not be used to es-tablish a charter school at a Bureau-funded school (as that term is defined in section 1141 of the Education Amendments of 1978 (25 U.S.C. 2021)), except that a charter school that is in existence on the date of the enact-ment of this Act and that has operated at a Bureau-funded school before September 1, 1999, may continue to operate during that pe-riod, but only if the charter school pays to the Bureau a pro rata share of funds to reim-burse the Bureau for the use of the real and personal property (including buses and vans), the funds of the charter school are kept sepa-rate and apart from Bureau funds, and the Bureau does not assume any obligation for charter school programs of the State in which the school is located if the charter school loses such funding. Employees of Bu-reau-funded schools sharing a campus with a charter school and performing functions re-lated to the charter school’s operation and employees of a charter school shall not be treated as Federal employees for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 113 of title I of appen-dix C of Public Law 106–113, if in fiscal year 2003 or 2004 a grantee received indirect and administrative costs pursuant to a distribu-tion formula based on section 5(f) of Public Law 101–301, the Secretary shall continue to distribute indirect and administrative cost funds to such grantee using the section 5(f) distribution formula. Funds available under this Act may not be used to establish satellite locations of schools in the Bureau school system as of September 1, 1996, except that the Secretary may waive this prohibition in order for an Indian tribe to provide language and cultural immersion educational programs for non- public schools located within the jurisdic-tional area of the tribal government which exclusively serve tribal members, do not in-clude grades beyond those currently served at the existing Bureau-funded school, pro-vide an educational environment with educa-tor presence and academic facilities com-parable to the Bureau-funded school, comply with all applicable Tribal, Federal, or State health and safety standards, and the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act, and demonstrate the benefits of establishing operations at a satellite location in lieu of incurring ex-traordinary costs, such as for transportation or other impacts to students such as those caused by busing students extended dis-tances: Provided, That no funds available under this Act may be used to fund oper-ations, maintenance, rehabilitation, con-struction or other facilities-related costs for such assets that are not owned by the Bu-reau: Provided further, That the term ‘‘sat-ellite school’’ means a school location phys-ically separated from the existing Bureau school by more than 50 miles but that forms part of the existing school in all other re-spects. D
EPARTMENTAL OFFICES  O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
DEPARTMENTAL OPERATIONS  For necessary expenses for management of the Department of the Interior, including the collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, and for grants and cooperative agreements, as authorized by law, $749,422,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018; of which not to exceed $15,000 may be for official re-ception and representation expenses; and of which up to $1,000,000 shall be available for workers compensation payments and unem-ployment compensation payments associated with the orderly closure of the United States Bureau of Mines; and of which $10,000,000 for the Office of Valuation Services is to be de-rived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and shall remain available until ex-pended; and of which $38,300,000 shall remain available until expended for the purpose of mineral revenue management activities: Pro- vided, That notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, $15,000 under this heading shall be available for refunds of overpayments in connection with certain Indian leases in which the Secretary concurred with the claimed refund due, to pay amounts owed to Indian allottees or tribes, or to correct prior unrecoverable erroneous payments. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  For fiscal year 2017, up to $400,000 of the payments authorized by the Act of October 20, 1976 (31 U.S.C. 6901–6907) may be retained for administrative expenses of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes Program: Provided, That no payment shall be made pursuant to that Act to otherwise eligible units of local govern-ment if the computed amount of the pay-ment is less than $100: Provided further, That the Secretary may reduce the payment au-thorized by 31 U.S.C. 6901–6907 for an indi-vidual county by the amount necessary to correct prior year overpayments to that county: Provided further, That the amount needed to correct a prior year underpayment to an individual county shall be paid from any reductions for overpayments to other counties and the amount necessary to cover any remaining underpayment is hereby ap-propriated and shall be paid to individual counties: Provided further, That of the total amount made available by this title for ‘‘Of-fice of the Secretary—Departmental Oper-ations’’, $480,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary of the Interior for fiscal year 2017 for payments in lieu of taxes under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code. I
NSULAR AFFAIRS  
ASSISTANCE TO TERRITORIES  For expenses necessary for assistance to territories under the jurisdiction of the De-partment of the Interior and other jurisdic-tions identified in section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188, $86,976,000, of which: (1) $77,528,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for territorial assistance, including general technical assistance, maintenance assistance, disaster assistance, coral reef ini-tiative activities, and brown tree snake con-trol and research; grants to the judiciary in American Samoa for compensation and ex-penses, as authorized by law (48 U.S.C. 1661(c)); grants to the Government of Amer-ican Samoa, in addition to current local rev-enues, for construction and support of gov-ernmental functions; grants to the Govern-ment of the Virgin Islands as authorized by law; grants to the Government of Guam, as authorized by law; and grants to the Govern-ment of the Northern Mariana Islands as au-thorized by law (Public Law 94–241; 90 Stat. 272); and (2) $9,448,000 shall be available until September 30, 2018, for salaries and expenses of the Office of Insular Affairs: Provided, That all financial transactions of the terri-torial and local governments herein provided for, including such transactions of all agen-cies or instrumentalities established or used by such governments, may be audited by the Government Accountability Office, at its discretion, in accordance with chapter 35 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That Northern Mariana Islands Covenant grant funding shall be provided according to those terms of the Agreement of the Special Representatives on Future United States Fi-nancial Assistance for the Northern Mariana 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4729 July 12, 2016 
Islands approved by Public Law 104–134: Pro- vided further, That the funds for the program of operations and maintenance improvement are appropriated to institutionalize routine operations and maintenance improvement of capital infrastructure with territorial par-ticipation and cost sharing to be determined by the Secretary based on the grantee’s com-mitment to timely maintenance of its cap-ital assets: Provided further, That any appro-priation for disaster assistance under this heading in this Act or previous appropria-tions Acts may be used as non-Federal matching funds for the purpose of hazard mitigation grants provided pursuant to sec-tion 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c). 
COMPACT OF FREE ASSOCIATION  For grants and necessary expenses, $3,318,000, to remain available until ex-pended, as provided for in sections 221(a)(2) and 233 of the Compact of Free Association for the Republic of Palau; and section 221(a)(2) of the Compacts of Free Association for the Government of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the Federated States of Micronesia, as authorized by Public Law 99– 658 and Public Law 108–188. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  At the request of the Governor of Guam, the Secretary may transfer discretionary funds or mandatory funds provided under section 104(e) of Public Law 108–188 and Pub-lic Law 104–134, that are allocated for Guam, to the Secretary of Agriculture for the sub-sidy cost of direct or guaranteed loans, plus not to exceed three percent of the amount of the subsidy transferred for the cost of loan administration, for the purposes authorized by the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act for construction and repair projects in Guam, and such funds shall remain available until expended: Pro- vided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That such loans or loan guarantees may be made without regard to the population of the area, credit else-where requirements, and restrictions on the types of eligible entities under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 and section 306(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act: Provided further, That any funds transferred to the Secretary of Agri-culture shall be in addition to funds other-wise made available to make or guarantee loans under such authorities. O
FFICE OF THE SOLICITOR  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of the Solicitor, $65,800,000. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, $50,047,000. O
FFICE OF THE SPECIAL TRUSTEE FOR  A
MERICAN INDIANS  
FEDERAL TRUST PROGRAMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the operation of trust programs for In-dians by direct expenditure, contracts, coop-erative agreements, compacts, and grants, $139,029,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which not to exceed $18,688,000 from this or any other Act, may be available for historical accounting: Provided, That funds for trust management improvements and litigation support may, as needed, be transferred to or merged with the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Edu-cation, ‘‘Operation of Indian Programs’’ ac-count; the Office of the Solicitor, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ account; and the Office of the Secretary, ‘‘Departmental Operations’’ ac-count: Provided further, That funds made available through contracts or grants obli-gated during fiscal year 2017, as authorized by the Indian Self-Determination Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.), shall remain available until expended by the contractor or grantee: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall not be required to provide a quarterly state-ment of performance for any Indian trust ac-count that has not had activity for at least 15 months and has a balance of $15 or less: Provided further, That the Secretary shall issue an annual account statement and maintain a record of any such accounts and shall permit the balance in each such ac-count to be withdrawn upon the express writ-ten request of the account holder: Provided further, That not to exceed $50,000 is avail-able for the Secretary to make payments to correct administrative errors of either dis-bursements from or deposits to Individual Indian Money or Tribal accounts after Sep-tember 30, 2002: Provided further, That erro-neous payments that are recovered shall be credited to and remain available in this ac-count for this purpose: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not be required to rec-oncile Special Deposit Accounts with a bal-ance of less than $500 unless the Office of the Special Trustee receives proof of ownership from a Special Deposit Accounts claimant: Provided further, That notwithstanding sec-tion 102 of the American Indian Trust Fund Management Reform Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–412) or any other provision of law, the Secretary may aggregate the trust accounts of individuals whose whereabouts are un-known for a continuous period of at least five years and shall not be required to gen-erate periodic statements of performance for the individual accounts: Provided further, That with respect to the eighth proviso, the Secretary shall continue to maintain suffi-cient records to determine the balance of the individual accounts, including any accrued interest and income, and such funds shall re-main available to the individual account holders. DEPARTMENT -WIDE PROGRAMS  
WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for fire prepared-ness, fire suppression operations, fire science and research, emergency rehabilitation, fuels management activities, and rural fire assistance by the Department of the Inte-rior, $851,945,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $10,000,000 shall be for the renovation or construction of fire facilities: Provided, That such funds are also available for repayment of advances to other appropriation accounts from which funds were previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided $180,000,000 is for hazardous fuels management activities: Provided further, That of the funds provided $20,470,000 is for burned area rehabilitation: Provided further, That persons hired pursuant to 43 U.S.C. 1469 may be furnished subsistence and lodging without cost from funds available from this appropriation: Provided further, That not-withstanding 42 U.S.C. 1856d, sums received by a bureau or office of the Department of the Interior for fire protection rendered pur-suant to 42 U.S.C. 1856 et seq., protection of United States property, may be credited to the appropriation from which funds were ex-pended to provide that protection, and are available without fiscal year limitation: Pro- vided further, That using the amounts des-ignated under this title of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Interior may enter into pro-curement contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements, for fuels management and resil-ient landscapes activities, and for training and monitoring associated with such fuels management and resilient landscapes activi-ties, on Federal land, or on adjacent non- Federal land for activities that benefit re-sources on Federal land: Provided further, That the costs of implementing any coopera-tive agreement between the Federal Govern-ment and any non-Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the af-fected parties: Provided further, That not-withstanding requirements of the Competi-tion in Contracting Act, the Secretary, for purposes of fuels management and resilient landscapes activities, may obtain maximum practicable competition among: (1) local pri-vate, nonprofit, or cooperative entities; (2) Youth Conservation Corps crews, Public Lands Corps (Public Law 109–154), or related partnerships with State, local, or nonprofit youth groups; (3) small or micro-businesses; or (4) other entities that will hire or train lo-cally a significant percentage, defined as 50 percent or more, of the project workforce to complete such contracts: Provided further, That in implementing this section, the Sec-retary shall develop written guidance to field units to ensure accountability and con-sistent application of the authorities pro-vided herein: Provided further, That funds ap-propriated under this heading may be used to reimburse the United States Fish and Wild-life Service and the National Marine Fish-eries Service for the costs of carrying out their responsibilities under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) to consult and conference, as required by sec-tion 7 of such Act, in connection with wildland fire management activities: Pro- vided further, That the Secretary of the Inte-rior may use wildland fire appropriations to enter into leases of real property with local governments, at or below fair market value, to construct capitalized improvements for fire facilities on such leased properties, in-cluding but not limited to fire guard sta-tions, retardant stations, and other initial attack and fire support facilities, and to make advance payments for any such lease or for construction activity associated with the lease: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appropriated for wildland fire manage-ment, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000, between the Departments when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Provided further, That funds pro-vided for wildfire suppression shall be avail-able for support of Federal emergency re-sponse actions: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for assistance to or through the Department of State in connection with for-est and rangeland research, technical infor-mation, and assistance in foreign countries, and, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall be available to support for-estry, wildland fire management, and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and posses-sions, including technical assistance, edu-cation and training, and cooperation with United States and international organiza-tions. 
FLAME WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION RESERVE FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for large fire sup-pression operations of the Department of the Interior and as a reserve fund for suppression and Federal emergency response activities, $92,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That such amounts are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4730 July 12, 2016 
only available for transfer to the ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ account following a dec-laration by the Secretary in accordance with section 502 of the FLAME Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 1748a). 
CENTRAL HAZARDOUS MATERIALS FUND  For necessary expenses of the Department of the Interior and any of its component of-fices and bureaus for the response action, in-cluding associated activities, performed pur-suant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), $10,010,000, to remain available until expended. N
ATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT  
ANDRESTORATION  
NATURAL RESOURCE DAMAGE ASSESSMENT FUND  To conduct natural resource damage as-sessment, restoration activities, and onshore oil spill preparedness by the Department of the Interior necessary to carry out the provi-sions of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), and subchapter II of chapter 1007 of title 54, United States Code, $7,767,000, to re-main available until expended. 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND  For the operation and maintenance of a de-partmental financial and business manage-ment system, information technology im-provements of general benefit to the Depart-ment, cybersecurity, and the consolidation of facilities and operations throughout the Department, $67,100,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this Act or any other Act may be used to establish reserves in the Working Capital Fund account other than for accrued annual leave and depreciation of equipment without prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That the Secretary may assess rea-sonable charges to State, local and tribal government employees for training services provided by the National Indian Program Training Center, other than training related to Public Law 93–638: Provided further, That the Secretary may lease or otherwise provide space and related facilities, equipment or professional services of the National Indian Program Training Center to State, local and tribal government employees or persons or organizations engaged in cultural, edu-cational, or recreational activities (as de-fined in section 3306(a) of title 40, United States Code) at the prevailing rate for simi-lar space, facilities, equipment, or services in the vicinity of the National Indian Pro-gram Training Center: Provided further, That all funds received pursuant to the two pre-ceding provisos shall be credited to this ac-count, shall be available until expended, and shall be used by the Secretary for necessary expenses of the National Indian Program Training Center: Provided further, That the Secretary may enter into grants and cooper-ative agreements to support the Office of Natural Resource Revenue’s collection and disbursement of royalties, fees, and other mineral revenue proceeds, as authorized by law. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  There is hereby authorized for acquisition from available resources within the Working Capital Fund, aircraft which may be ob-tained by donation, purchase or through available excess surplus property: Provided, That existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the re-placement aircraft. GENERAL PROVISIONS , DEPARTMENT OF THE  I
NTERIOR  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY —INTRA - 
BUREAU  S
EC. 101. Appropriations made in this title shall be available for expenditure or transfer (within each bureau or office), with the ap-proval of the Secretary, for the emergency reconstruction, replacement, or repair of air-craft, buildings, utilities, or other facilities or equipment damaged or destroyed by fire, flood, storm, or other unavoidable causes: Provided, That no funds shall be made avail-able under this authority until funds specifi-cally made available to the Department of the Interior for emergencies shall have been exhausted: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replen-ished by a supplemental appropriation, which must be requested as promptly as pos-sible. 
EMERGENCY TRANSFER AUTHORITY — 
DEPARTMENT -WIDE S
EC. 102. The Secretary may authorize the expenditure or transfer of any no year appro-priation in this title, in addition to the amounts included in the budget programs of the several agencies, for the suppression or emergency prevention of wildland fires on or threatening lands under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior; for the emer-gency rehabilitation of burned-over lands under its jurisdiction; for emergency actions related to potential or actual earthquakes, floods, volcanoes, storms, or other unavoid-able causes; for contingency planning subse-quent to actual oil spills; for response and natural resource damage assessment activi-ties related to actual oil spills or releases of hazardous substances into the environment; for the prevention, suppression, and control of actual or potential grasshopper and Mor-mon cricket outbreaks on lands under the ju-risdiction of the Secretary, pursuant to the authority in section 417(b) of Public Law 106– 224 (7 U.S.C. 7717(b)); for emergency reclama-tion projects under section 410 of Public Law 95–87; and shall transfer, from any no year funds available to the Office of Surface Min-ing Reclamation and Enforcement, such funds as may be necessary to permit assump-tion of regulatory authority in the event a primacy State is not carrying out the regu-latory provisions of the Surface Mining Act: Provided, That appropriations made in this title for wildland fire operations shall be available for the payment of obligations in-curred during the preceding fiscal year, and for reimbursement to other Federal agencies for destruction of vehicles, aircraft, or other equipment in connection with their use for wildland fire operations, such reimburse-ment to be credited to appropriations cur-rently available at the time of receipt there-of: Provided further, That for wildland fire op-erations, no funds shall be made available under this authority until the Secretary de-termines that funds appropriated for ‘‘wildland fire operations’’ and ‘‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund’’ shall be exhausted within 30 days: Provided further, That all funds used pursuant to this section must be replenished by a supplemental ap-propriation, which must be requested as promptly as possible: Provided further, That such replenishment funds shall be used to re-imburse, on a pro rata basis, accounts from which emergency funds were transferred. 
AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. 103. Appropriations made to the De-partment of the Interior in this title shall be available for services as authorized by sec-tion 3109 of title 5, United States Code, when authorized by the Secretary, in total amount not to exceed $500,000; purchase and replace-ment of motor vehicles, including specially equipped law enforcement vehicles; hire, maintenance, and operation of aircraft; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of re-prints; payment for telephone service in pri-vate residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary; and the payment of dues, when authorized by the Secretary, for library membership in so-cieties or associations which issue publica-tions to members only or at a price to mem-bers lower than to subscribers who are not members. AUTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS , INDIAN TRUST  
MANAGEMENT  S
EC. 104. Appropriations made in this Act under the headings Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, and Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians and any unobligated balances from prior ap-propriations Acts made under the same head-ings shall be available for expenditure or transfer for Indian trust management and re-form activities. Total funding for historical accounting activities shall not exceed amounts specifically designated in this Act for such purpose. 
REDISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS , BUREAU OF INDIAN  
AFFAIRS  S
EC. 105. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to redistribute any Tribal Pri-ority Allocation funds, including tribal base funds, to alleviate tribal funding inequities by transferring funds to address identified, unmet needs, dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate distribution methodologies. No tribe shall receive a re-duction in Tribal Priority Allocation funds of more than 10 percent in fiscal year 2017. Under circumstances of dual enrollment, overlapping service areas or inaccurate dis-tribution methodologies, the 10 percent limi-tation does not apply. 
ELLIS , GOVERNORS , AND LIBERTY ISLANDS  S
EC. 106. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary of the Interior is authorized to acquire lands, waters, or inter-ests therein including the use of all or part of any pier, dock, or landing within the State of New York and the State of New Jer-sey, for the purpose of operating and main-taining facilities in the support of transpor-tation and accommodation of visitors to Ellis, Governors, and Liberty Islands, and of other program and administrative activities, by donation or with appropriated funds, in-cluding franchise fees (and other monetary consideration), or by exchange; and the Sec-retary is authorized to negotiate and enter into leases, subleases, concession contracts or other agreements for the use of such fa-cilities on such terms and conditions as the Secretary may determine reasonable. 
OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF INSPECTION FEES  S
EC. 107. (a) In fiscal year 2017, the Sec-retary shall collect a nonrefundable inspec-tion fee, which shall be deposited in the ‘‘Off-shore Safety and Environmental Enforce-ment’’ account, from the designated operator for facilities subject to inspection under 43 U.S.C. 1348(c). (b) Annual fees shall be collected for facili-ties that are above the waterline, excluding drilling rigs, and are in place at the start of the fiscal year. Fees for fiscal year 2017 shall be: (1) $10,500 for facilities with no wells, but with processing equipment or gathering lines; (2) $17,000 for facilities with 1 to 10 wells, with any combination of active or inactive wells; and (3) $31,500 for facilities with more than 10 wells, with any combination of active or in-active wells. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4731 July 12, 2016 
(c) Fees for drilling rigs shall be assessed for all inspections completed in fiscal year 2017. Fees for fiscal year 2017 shall be: (1) $30,500 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of 500 feet or more; and (2) $16,700 per inspection for rigs operating in water depths of less than 500 feet. (d) The Secretary shall bill designated op-erators under subsection (b) within 60 days, with payment required within 30 days of bill-ing. The Secretary shall bill designated oper-ators under subsection (c) within 30 days of the end of the month in which the inspection occurred, with payment required within 30 days of billing. 
BUREAU OF OCEAN ENERGY MANAGEMENT , REG-
ULATION AND ENFORCEMENT REORGANIZATION  S
EC. 108. The Secretary of the Interior, in order to implement a reorganization of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regu-lation and Enforcement, may transfer funds among and between the successor offices and bureaus affected by the reorganization only in conformance with the reprogramming guidelines described in this Act. 
CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS FOR WILD HORSE  
AND BURRO HOLDING FACILITIES  S
EC. 109. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior may enter into multiyear cooperative agree-ments with nonprofit organizations and other appropriate entities, and may enter into multiyear contracts in accordance with the provisions of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code (except that the 5-year term restriction in subsection (a) shall not apply), for the long-term care and mainte-nance of excess wild free roaming horses and burros by such organizations or entities on private land. Such cooperative agreements and contracts may not exceed 10 years, sub-ject to renewal at the discretion of the Sec-retary. 
MASS MARKING OF SALMONIDS  S
EC. 110. The United States Fish and Wild-life Service shall, in carrying out its respon-sibilities to protect threatened and endan-gered species of salmon, implement a system of mass marking of salmonid stocks, in-tended for harvest, that are released from federally operated or federally financed hatcheries including but not limited to fish releases of coho, chinook, and steelhead spe-cies. Marked fish must have a visible mark that can be readily identified by commercial and recreational fishers. 
EXHAUSTION OF ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW  S
EC. 111. Paragraph (1) of section 122(a) of division E of Public Law 112–74 (125 Stat. 1013) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2018,’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2012 and each fiscal year thereafter,’’. 
WILD LANDS FUNDING PROHIBITION  S
EC. 112. None of the funds made available in this Act or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce Secre-tarial Order No. 3310 issued by the Secretary of the Interior on December 22, 2010. 
CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS WITH INDIAN  
AFFAIRS  S
EC. 113. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, during fiscal year 2017, in car-rying out work involving cooperation with State, local, and tribal governments or any political subdivision thereof, Indian Affairs may record obligations against accounts re-ceivable from any such entities, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budgetary resources available at the end of the fiscal year. 
GREATER SAGE -GROUSE  S
EC. 114. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this or any other Act may be used— (1) to review the status of or determine whether the greater sage-grouse is an endan-gered species or a threatened species pursu-ant to section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533), or to issue a regu-lation with respect thereto that applies to any State with a State management plan; (2) to make, modify, or extend any with-drawal pursuant to section 204 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1714) within any Sagebrush Focal Area published in the Federal Register on September 24, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 57635 et seq.), in a manner inconsistent with a State man-agement plan; or (3) to implement, amend, or otherwise modify any Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal land in a State with a State management plan, in a manner inconsistent with such State management plan. (b) For the purposes of this section— (1) the term ‘‘Federal resource manage-ment plan’’ means— (A) a land use plan prepared by the Bureau of Land Management for public lands pursu-ant to section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); or (B) a land and resource management plan prepared by the Forest Service for National Forest System lands pursuant to section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Re-sources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604); (2) the term ‘‘greater sage-grouse’’ means the species Centrocercus urophasianus or the Columbia Basin distinct population segment of greater sage-grouse; and (3) the term ‘‘State management plan’’ means a State-wide plan for the protection and recovery of greater sage-grouse that has been approved by the Governor of such State. WATER CONVEYANCES  S
EC. 115. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to review, require approval of, or withhold approval for use of a right-of-way granted pursuant to the Gen-eral Railroad Right-of-Way Act of 1875 (43 U.S.C. 934–939) if authorization of the use would have been considered under Depart-ment policy to be within the scope of a rail-road’s authority as of the day before the ef-fective date of the Department’s Solicitor’s Opinion M–37025, issued on November 4, 2011. 
INDIAN EDUCATION FUND  S
EC. 116. Section 801 of the Indian Self-De-termination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 458ddd) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Foundation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Fund’’; (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘founda-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘fund’’; (3) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Fund shall be affiliated and may contract for services with a section 501(c)(3) national organization whose mission is to represent Native American students and educators for the improvement of schools and the education of Native chil-dren.’’; (4) In subsection (e)(1), by inserting ‘‘or public’’ after ‘‘private’’; (5) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) to promote and facilitate public-pri-vate partnerships that maximize the involve-ment of the private sector, including non-profit organizations and for-profit entities, in providing financial and in-kind support for the improvement or replacement of fa-cilities and infrastructure and for the en-hancement of telecommunications and tech-nological capacity in Bureau-funded schools; and ‘‘(5) to facilitate interagency agreements between the Department of the Interior and other Federal agencies in furtherance of the purposes of the Fund.’’; (6) in subsection (f)(2), by striking all that follows after the heading and inserting the following: ‘‘The number of members of the Board, the manner of their selection (includ-ing the filling of vacancies), and their terms of office shall be as provided in the constitu-tion and bylaws of the Fund. The Board shall have nine members, including the Secretary and the Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Indian Affairs who shall serve as ex offi-cio nonvoting members and who shall ap-point three voting members to staggered terms, and including the President and Exec-utive Director of the 501(c)(3) national orga-nization referenced in subsection (a) who shall serve as ex officio nonvoting members and who shall appoint two voting members to staggered terms.’’; (7) in subsection (f)(3), by striking ‘‘are’’ and all that follows through ‘‘practicable,’’ and inserting ‘‘shall, to the extent prac-ticable, be drawn from various disciplines re-lated to the purposes of the Fund, and’’; and (8) in subsection (m)— (A) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘AND P
ROPERTY ’’ after ‘‘F UNDS ’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and property’’ after the first ‘‘funds’’ the first place it appears. 
BLUE RIDGE NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA AND  
ERIE CANALWAY NATIONAL HERITAGE CORRIDOR  S
EC. 117. (a) Section 140(i)(1) of Title I of P.L. 108–108, as amended (54 U.S.C. 320101 note), is further amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$12,000,000’’; and (b) Section 810(a)(1) of Title VIII of Divi-sion B of Appendix D of P.L. 106–554, as amended (54 U.S.C. 320101 note), is further amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$12,000,000’’. 
FISH HATCHERY PROGRAMS  S
EC. 118. (a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Director of the Cali-fornia Department of Fish and Wildlife, shall develop and implement the expanded use of conservation fish hatchery programs to en-hance, supplement, and rebuild delta smelt (Hypomesus transpacificus) and other species listed as endangered species or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), under the biologi-cal opinion issued under that Act by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, dated December 15, 2008, on the effects of the coordinated operations of the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project in Cali-fornia. (b) P
ROGRAM DESIGN .—The conservation fish hatchery programs established under subsection (a) and their associated hatchery and genetic management plans shall be de-signed— (1) to benefit, enhance, support, and other-wise recover naturally spawning fish species to the point where the measures under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 are no longer necessary for such species; (2) to address the recommendations of the California Hatchery Scientific Review Group; and (3) to minimize adverse effects to oper-ations of the Central Valley Project and State Water Project (as those terms are used in the Central Valley Project Improvement Act of 2002 (title XXXIV of Public Law 102– 575)). (c) M
ISCELLANEOUS REQUIREMENTS .—In im- plementing this section, the Secretary— (1) shall give priority to existing and pro-spective hatchery programs and facilities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4732 July 12, 2016 
within the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta and the riverine tributaries thereto; and (2) may enter into cooperative agreements for the operation of conservation hatchery programs with the State of California, tribes, and other non-Governmental entities for the benefit, enhancement, and support of naturally spawning fish species. 
REISSUANCE OF FINAL RULES  S
EC. 119. Before the end of the 60-day pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall reissue the final rule published on De-cember 28, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 81666 et seq.) and the final rule published on September 10, 2012 (77 Fed. Reg. 55530 et seq.), without regard to any other provision of statute or regulation that applies to issuance of such rules. Such reissuances (including this section) shall not be subject to judicial review. 
STREAM BUFFER  S
EC. 120. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary to (1) further develop, finalize, carry out, or im-plement the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Stream Protection Rule’’ signed by the Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals Manage-ment of the Department of the Interior on July 7, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 44436), or (2) de-velop, carry out, or implement any guidance, policy, or directive to reinterpret or change the historic interpretation of ‘‘material damage to the hydrologic balance outside the permit area’’ in section 510(b)(3) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1260(b)(3)), or 30 C.F.R. 816.57 or 30 C.F.R. 817.57, as promulgated on June 30, 1983 by the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement of the Depart-ment of the Interior (48 Fed. Reg. 30312). 
BOTTLED WATER  S
EC. 121. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Director of the National Park Service to implement, ad-minister, or enforce Policy Memorandum 11– 03 or to approve a request by a park super-intendent to eliminate the sale in national parks of water in disposable, recyclable plas-tic bottles. 
OIL AND GAS ROYALTIES  S
EC. 122. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, imple-ment, or enforce the Bureau of Land Man-agement’s proposed rule regarding Waste Prevention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Resource Conservation published Feb-ruary 8, 2016. 
PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR CERTAIN  
HISTORIC DESIGNATION  S
EC. 123. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to take any action to designate a Federal property for inclusion on, or to add a Federal property to, the National Register of His-toric Places, or to operate or maintain a property on that registry, if the managing agency of that Federal property objects to such designation or inclusion, including ac-tions related to— (1) cooperative agreements; (2) general administration; (3) maintenance of records and agreements; and (4) any other functions necessary to des-ignate, add, operate, or maintain such Fed-eral property. (b) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in sub-section (a) shall not apply to actions related to a managing agency request for expedited removal of Federal property from the Na-tional Register of Historic Places for reasons of national security. 
DRILLING MARGINS  S
EC. 124. None of the funds made available in this Act or any other Act for any fiscal year may be used to develop, adopt, imple-ment, administer, or enforce any change to the regulations and guidance in effect on April 1, 2015, pertaining to drilling margins or static downhole mud weight (30 CFR 250.414(c)) including the provisions of the rules dated April 17, 2015, and April 29, 2016. TRIBAL RECOGNITION  S
EC. 125. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acknowledgment of American In-dian Tribes’’ published by the Department of the Interior in the Federal Register on July 1, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 37862 et seq.). 
ECHINODERMS  S
EC. 126. Section 14.92(a)(1) of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, is amended by in-serting ‘‘, including echinoderms commonly known as sea urchins and sea cucumbers,’’ after ‘‘products’’. 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR AIR QUALITY  
REGULATIONS  S
EC. 127. (a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds made available by this Act or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) to issue, finalize, or implement any final regulations addressing any subject of the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Air Quality Con-trol, Reporting, and Compliance’’, published April 5, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 19717), before the date on which the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management— (1) completes the two air modeling studies entitled ‘‘Arctic Air Quality Impact Assess-ment Modeling (AK–13–01)’’ and ‘‘Air Quality Modeling in the Gulf of Mexico Region (GM– 14–01)’’, and publishes the results of such studies and all supporting data and docu-mentation in a form available to the public; (2) concludes, following peer review of such studies, publication of public notice, and 120 days of opportunity for public comment on the studies, that the activities expressly au-thorized under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) are signifi-cantly affecting the air quality of any State for purposes of compliance with the national ambient air quality standards, pursuant to, as required by section 5(a)(8) of such Act (43 U.S.C. 1334(a)(8)); and (3) consults with the affected coastal states (as that term is used in that Act) on the re-sults of such studies and analyses, and any actions that may be taken including any in-cremental burdens on such coastal states that may result. (b) R
EPROPOSAL OF REGULATIONS .—The Sec- retary shall— (1) before issuing any such final regula-tions— (A) repropose the regulations; and (B) provide a period of at least 180 days for the submission of public comment on such reproposed regulations; and (2) delay the effective date of such final regulations for at least 180 days after the date they are published. 
TRUST LAND  S
EC. 128. All land taken into trust by the United States under or pursuant to the Act of June 18, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 465) before Feb-ruary 24, 2009, for the benefit of an Indian tribe that was federally recognized on the date that the land was taken into trust is hereby reaffirmed as trust land. TITLE II ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY S
CIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY  For science and technology, including re-search and development activities, which shall include research and development ac-tivities under the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980; necessary expenses for per-sonnel and related costs and travel expenses; procurement of laboratory equipment and supplies; and other operating expenses in support of research and development, $720,072,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018: Provided, That of the funds included under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be for Research: National Priorities as speci-fied in the report accompanying this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL PROGRAMS AND MANAGEMENT  For environmental programs and manage-ment, including necessary expenses, not oth-erwise provided for, for personnel and related costs and travel expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; hire, maintenance, and oper-ation of aircraft; purchase of reprints; li-brary memberships in societies or associa-tions which issue publications to members only or at a price to members lower than to subscribers who are not members; adminis-trative costs of the brownfields program under the Small Business Liability Relief and Brownfields Revitalization Act of 2002; and not to exceed $9,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $2,527,470,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018: Provided, That of the funds included under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be for Environ-mental Protection: National Priorities as specified in the report accompanying this Act: Provided further, That of the funds in-cluded under this heading, $409,709,000 shall be for Geographic Programs specified in the report accompanying this Act: Provided fur-ther, That the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency is authorized, in carrying out its responsibilities under sec-tion 2002(b) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6912(b)), to use appropriations made available under this heading to evalu-ate the effectiveness of States using State solid waste management plans to ensure the efficient and effective implementation of the final regulations on coal combustion residu-als that took effect on October 19, 2015, and codified in parts 257 and 261 of title 40 of the Code of Federal Regulations: Provided fur-ther, That the Administrator shall provide to the Committee on Appropriations and the appropriate authorizing Committees a report on the effectiveness of States using such plans in implementing the requirements of final coal combustion residual regulations in an efficient and effective manner. H
AZARDOUS WASTE ELECTRONIC MANIFEST  S
YSTEM FUND For necessary expenses to carry out sec-tion 3024 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6939g), including the development, op-eration, maintenance, and upgrading of the hazardous waste electronic manifest system established by such section, $3,178,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2019. O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $41,489,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018. B
UILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For construction, repair, improvement, ex-tension, alteration, and purchase of fixed equipment or facilities of, or for use by, the Environmental Protection Agency, $34,467,000, to remain available until ex-pended. H
AZARDOUS SUBSTANCE SUPERFUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including sections 111(c)(3), (c)(5), (c)(6), and (e)(4) (42 U.S.C. 9611) $1,115,929,000, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4733 July 12, 2016 
to remain available until expended, con-sisting of such sums as are available in the Trust Fund on September 30, 2016, as author-ized by section 517(a) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (SARA) and up to $1,115,929,000 as a pay-ment from general revenues to the Haz-ardous Substance Superfund for purposes as authorized by section 517(b) of SARA: Pro- vided, That funds appropriated under this heading may be allocated to other Federal agencies in accordance with section 111(a) of CERCLA: Provided further, That of the funds appropriated under this heading, $8,778,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Office of Inspector Gen-eral’’ appropriation to remain available until September 30, 2018, and $15,496,000 shall be paid to the ‘‘Science and Technology’’ appro-priation to remain available until September 30, 2018. L
EAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANKTRUST  F
UNDPROGRAM  For necessary expenses to carry out leak-ing underground storage tank cleanup activi-ties authorized by subtitle I of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $94,605,000, to remain available until expended, of which $68,016,000 shall be for carrying out leaking under-ground storage tank cleanup activities au-thorized by section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act; $26,589,000 shall be for carrying out the other provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code: Provided, That the Administrator is authorized to use ap-propriations made available under this head-ing to implement section 9013 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to provide financial as-sistance to federally recognized Indian tribes for the development and implementation of programs to manage underground storage tanks. I
NLAND OILSPILL PROGRAMS  For expenses necessary to carry out the Environmental Protection Agency’s respon-sibilities under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, $18,079,000, to be derived from the Oil Spill Liability trust fund, to remain available until expended. S
TATE AND TRIBAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For environmental programs and infra-structure assistance, including capitaliza-tion grants for State revolving funds and performance partnership grants, $3,370,729,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which— (1) $1,000,000,000 shall be for making cap-italization grants for the Clean Water State Revolving Funds under title VI of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act; and of which $1,070,500,000 shall be for making cap-italization grants for the Drinking Water State Revolving Funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided, That for fiscal year 2017, funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants and for Drinking Water State Revolv-ing Fund capitalization grants may, at the discretion of each State, be used for projects to address green infrastructure, water or en-ergy efficiency improvements, or other envi-ronmentally innovative activities: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 603(d)(7) of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act, the limitation on the amounts in a State water pollution control revolving fund that may be used by a State to administer the fund shall not apply to amounts included as principal in loans made by such fund in fiscal year 2017 and prior years where such amounts represent costs of administering the fund to the extent that such amounts are or were deemed reasonable by the Adminis-trator, accounted for separately from other assets in the fund, and used for eligible pur-poses of the fund, including administration: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2017, notwithstanding the provisions of sections 201(g)(1), (h), and (l) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, grants under Title II of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act for American Samoa, Guam, the Common-wealth of the Northern Marianas, the United States Virgin Islands, and the District of Co-lumbia may also be made for the purpose of providing assistance: (1) solely for facility plans, design activities, or plans, specifica-tion, and estimates for any proposed project for the construction of treatment works; and (2) for the construction, repair, or replace-ment of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal residences or small commercial establishments; Provided further, That for fiscal year 2017, notwith-standing the provisions of 201(g)(1), (h), and (l) and section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, funds reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act may also be used to provide assistance: (1) solely for facility plans, design activities, or plans, specifications, and estimates for any proposed project for the construction of treatment works; and (2) for the construc-tion, repair, or replacement of privately owned treatment works serving one or more principal residences or small commercial es-tablishments; Funds reserved under section 518(c) of such Act shall be available for grants only to Indian tribes, as defined in section 518(h) of such Act and former Indian reservations in Oklahoma (as defined by the Secretary of the Interior) and Native Vil-lages (as defined in Public Law 92–203): Pro- vided further, That for fiscal year 2017, not-withstanding any provision of the Clean Water Act and regulations issued pursuant thereof, up to a total of $2,000,000 of the funds reserved by the Administrator for grants under section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act may also be used for grants for training, technical assistance, and educational programs relating to the oper-ation and management of the treatment works specified in section 518(c) of such Act; Funds reserved under section 518(c) of such Act shall be available for grants only to In-dian tribes, as defined in section 518(h) of such Act and former Indian reservations in Oklahoma (as determined by the Secretary of the Interior) and Native Villages (as de-fined in Public Law 92–203): Provided further, That for fiscal year 2017, notwithstanding the limitation on amounts in section 518(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appro-priated, or $30,000,000, whichever is greater, and notwithstanding the limitation on amounts in section 1452(i) of the Safe Drink-ing Water Act, up to a total of 2 percent of the funds appropriated, or $20,000,000, which-ever is greater, for State Revolving Funds under such Acts may be reserved by the Ad-ministrator for grants under section 518(c) and section 1452(i) of such Acts: Provided fur-ther, That for fiscal year 2017, notwith-standing the amounts specified in section 205(c) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, up to 1.5 percent of the aggregate funds appropriated for the Clean Water State Re-volving Fund program under the Act less any sums reserved under section 518(c) of the Act, may be reserved by the Administrator for grants made under title II of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act for American Samoa, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, and United States Vir-gin Islands: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2017, notwithstanding the limitations on amounts specified in section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, up to 1.5 percent of the funds appropriated for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund programs under the Safe Drinking Water Act may be re-served by the Administrator for grants made under section 1452(j) of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided further, That 10 percent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Clean Water State Revolv-ing Fund capitalization grants and 20 per-cent of the funds made available under this title to each State for Drinking Water State Revolving Fund capitalization grants shall be used by the State to provide additional subsidy to eligible recipients in the form of forgiveness of principal, negative interest loans, or grants (or any combination of these), and shall be so used by the State only where such funds are provided as initial fi-nancing for an eligible recipient or to buy, refinance, or restructure the debt obligations of eligible recipients where such debt was in-curred on or after the date of enactment of this Act, or where such debt was incurred prior to the date of enactment of this Act if the State, with concurrence from the Admin-istrator, determines that such funds could be used to help address a threat to public health from heightened exposure to lead in drinking water; (2) $5,000,000 shall be for architectural, en-gineering, planning, design, construction and related activities in connection with the construction of high priority water and wastewater facilities in the area of the United States-Mexico Border, after consulta-tion with the appropriate border commis-sion; Provided, That no funds provided by this appropriations Act to address the water, wastewater and other critical infrastructure needs of the colonias in the United States along the United States-Mexico border shall be made available to a county or municipal government unless that government has es-tablished an enforceable local ordinance, or other zoning rule, which prevents in that ju-risdiction the development or construction of any additional colonia areas, or the devel-opment within an existing colonia the con-struction of any new home, business, or other structure which lacks water, waste-water, or other necessary infrastructure; (3) $17,000,000 shall be for grants to the State of Alaska to address drinking water and wastewater infrastructure needs of rural and Alaska Native Villages: Provided, That of these funds: (A) the State of Alaska shall provide a match of 25 percent; (B) no more than 5 percent of the funds may be used for administrative and overhead expenses; and (C) the State of Alaska shall make awards consistent with the Statewide priority list established in conjunction with the Agency and the U.S. Department of Agriculture for all water, sewer, waste disposal, and similar projects carried out by the State of Alaska that are funded under section 221 of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1301) or the Consolidated Farm and Rural De-velopment Act (7 U.S.C. 1921 et seq.) which shall allocate not less than 25 percent of the funds provided for projects in regional hub communities; (4) $80,000,000 shall be to carry out section 104(k) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), including grants, inter-agency agreements, and associated program support costs: Provided, That not more than 25 percent of the amount appropriated to carry out section 104(k) of CERCLA shall be used for site characterization, assessment, and remediation of facilities described in section 101(39)(D)(ii)(II) of CERCLA: Provided further, That at least 10 percent shall be allo-cated for assistance in persistent poverty counties: Provided further, That for purposes of this section, the term ‘‘persistent poverty counties’’ means any county that has had 20 percent or more of its population living in poverty over the past 30 years, as measured 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4734 July 12, 2016 
by the 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and the most recent Small Area Income and Pov-erty Estimates; (5) $100,000,000 shall be for grants under title VII, subtitle G of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; (6) $40,000,000 shall be for targeted airshed grants in accordance with the terms and con-ditions of the report accompanying this Act; and (7) $1,058,229,000 shall be for grants, includ-ing associated program support costs, to States, federally recognized tribes, inter-state agencies, tribal consortia, and air pol-lution control agencies for multi-media or single media pollution prevention, control and abatement and related activities, includ-ing activities pursuant to the provisions set forth under this heading in Public Law 104– 134, and for making grants under section 103 of the Clean Air Act for particulate matter monitoring and data collection activities subject to terms and conditions specified by the Administrator, of which: $47,745,000 shall be for carrying out section 128 of CERCLA; $9,646,000 shall be for Environmental Infor-mation Exchange Network grants, including associated program support costs; $1,498,000 shall be for grants to States under section 2007(f)(2) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, which shall be in addition to funds appro-priated under the heading ‘‘Leaking Under-ground Storage Tank Trust Fund Program’’ to carry out the provisions of the Solid Waste Disposal Act specified in section 9508(c) of the Internal Revenue Code other than section 9003(h) of the Solid Waste Dis-posal Act; $17,848,000 of the funds available for grants under section 106 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act shall be for State participation in national- and State- level statistical surveys of water resources and enhancements to State monitoring pro-grams. W
ATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE AND  I
NNOVATION PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans and for the cost of guaranteed loans, as authorized by the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innova-tion Act of 2014, $45,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans, including capitalized interest, and total loan principal, including capitalized interest, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $5,487,000,000. In addition, fees authorized to be collected pursuant to sections 5029 and 5030 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innova-tion Act of 2014 shall be deposited in this ac-count to remain available until expended. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, notwithstanding section 5033 of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Inno-vation Act of 2014, $5,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2018. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS — E
NVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For fiscal year 2017, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 6303(1) and 6305(1), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in carrying out the Agency’s function to imple-ment directly Federal environmental pro-grams required or authorized by law in the absence of an acceptable tribal program, may award cooperative agreements to feder-ally recognized Indian tribes or Intertribal consortia, if authorized by their member tribes, to assist the Administrator in imple-menting Federal environmental programs for Indian tribes required or authorized by law, except that no such cooperative agree-ments may be awarded from funds des-ignated for State financial assistance agree-ments. The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency is authorized to collect and obligate pesticide registration service fees in accordance with section 33 of the Fed-eral Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, as amended by Public Law 112–177, the Pesticide Registration Improvement Exten-sion Act of 2012. Notwithstanding section 33(d)(2) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) (7 U.S.C. 136w- 8(d)(2)), the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency may assess fees under section 33 of FIFRA (7 U.S.C. 136w-8) for fiscal year 2017. The Administrator is authorized to trans-fer up to $300,000,000 of the funds appro-priated for the Great Lakes Restoration Ini-tiative under the heading ‘‘Environmental Programs and Management’’ to the head of any Federal department or agency, with the concurrence of such head, to carry out ac-tivities that would support the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement programs, projects, or activities; to enter into an inter-agency agreement with the head of such Fed-eral department or agency to carry out these activities; and to make grants to govern-mental entities, nonprofit organizations, in-stitutions, and individuals for planning, re-search, monitoring, outreach, and implemen-tation in furtherance of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative and the Great Lakes Water Quality Agreement. The Science and Technology, Environ-mental Programs and Management, Office of Inspector General, Hazardous Substance Superfund, and Leaking Underground Stor-age Tank Trust Fund Program Accounts, are available for the construction, alteration, re-pair, rehabilitation, and renovation of facili-ties provided that the cost does not exceed $150,000 per project. The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall base agency policies and actions regarding air emissions from for-est biomass including, but not limited to, air emissions from facilities that combust forest biomass for energy, on the principle that for-est biomass emissions do not increase over-all carbon dioxide accumulations in the at-mosphere when USDA Forest Inventory and Analysis data show that forest carbon stocks in the U.S. are stable or increasing on a na-tional scale, or when forest biomass is de-rived from mill residuals, harvest residuals or forest management activities. Such poli-cies and actions shall not pre-empt existing authorities of States to determine how to utilize biomass as a renewable energy source and shall not inhibit States’ authority to apply the same policies to forest biomass as other renewable fuels in implementing Fed-eral law. The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall apply the criteria and procedures in effect as of the date of en-actment of this Act for aquifer exemptions under the underground injection control reg-ulatory framework, in a collaborative man-ner with the States and regulated industries, to promptly review and make decisions on all aquifer exemption applications using the criteria for exempted aquifers set forth in section 146.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (as in effect on April 1, 2016). The Administrator shall not use substantial pro-gram revisions for purposes of reviewing and making decisions on aquifer exemption ap-plications involving underground injection authorized by permit, provided the injection is occurring into aquifers that meet the cri-teria for an exemption under such section 146.4 and the recommendations of key State resource agencies are taken in account. For fiscal year 2017, and notwithstanding section 518(f) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1377(f)), the Adminis-trator is authorized to use the amounts ap-propriated for any fiscal year under section 319 of the Act to make grants to federally recognized Indian tribes pursuant to sections 319(h) and 518(e) of that Act. TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE FOREST SERVICE  
FOREST AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  For necessary expenses of forest and range-land research as authorized by law, $291,982,000, to remain available through Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided, That of the funds provided, $77,000,000 is for the forest inven-tory and analysis program. 
STATE AND PRIVATE FORESTRY  For necessary expenses of cooperating with and providing technical and financial assist-ance to States, territories, possessions, and others, and for forest health management, including treatments of pests, pathogens, and invasive or noxious plants and for re-storing and rehabilitating forests damaged by pests or invasive plants, cooperative for-estry, and education and land conservation activities and conducting an international program as authorized, $244,038,000, to re-main available through September 30, 2018, as authorized by law, of which $55,000,000 is to be derived from the Land and Water Con-servation Fund to be used for the Forest Legacy Program, to remain available until expended. 
NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Forest Serv-ice, not otherwise provided for, for manage-ment, protection, improvement, and utiliza-tion of the National Forest System, $1,531,443,000, to remain available through September 30, 2018: Provided, That of the funds provided, $40,000,000 shall be deposited in the Collaborative Forest Landscape Res-toration Fund for ecological restoration treatments as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 7303(f): Provided further, That of the funds provided, $384,805,000 shall be for forest products: Pro- vided further, That of the funds provided, up to $159,941,000 is for the Integrated Resource Restoration pilot program for Region 1, Re-gion 2, Region 3, Region 4, and Region 5: Pro- vided further, That of the funds provided for forest products, up to $161,560,000 may be transferred to support the Integrated Re-source Restoration pilot program in the pre-ceding proviso: Provided further, That the Secretary of Agriculture may transfer to the Secretary of the Interior any unobligated funds appropriated in a previous fiscal year for operation of the Valles Caldera National Preserve. 
CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT AND MAINTENANCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Forest Serv-ice, not otherwise provided for, $364,164,000, to remain available through September 30, 2018, for construction, capital improvement, maintenance and acquisition of buildings and other facilities and infrastructure; and for construction, reconstruction, decommis-sioning of roads that are no longer needed, including unauthorized roads that are not part of the transportation system, and main-tenance of forest roads and trails by the For-est Service as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 532–538 and 23 U.S.C. 101 and 205: Provided, That $40,000,000 shall be designated for urgently 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4735 July 12, 2016 
needed road decommissioning, road and trail repair and maintenance and associated ac-tivities, and removal of fish passage barriers, especially in areas where Forest Service roads may be contributing to water quality problems in streams and water bodies which support threatened, endangered, or sensitive species or community water sources: Pro- vided further, That funds becoming available in fiscal year 2017 under the Act of March 4, 1913 (16 U.S.C. 501) shall be transferred to the General Fund of the Treasury and shall not be available for transfer or obligation for any other purpose unless the funds are ap-propriated: Provided further, That of the funds provided for decommissioning of roads, up to $24,543,000 may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’ to support the In-tegrated Resource Restoration pilot pro-gram. 
LAND ACQUISITION  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code, including administrative ex-penses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with statu-tory authority applicable to the Forest Serv-ice, $27,280,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. 
ACQUISITION OF LANDS FOR NATIONAL FORESTS  
SPECIAL ACTS  For acquisition of lands within the exte-rior boundaries of the Cache, Uinta, and Wasatch National Forests, Utah; the Toiyabe National Forest, Nevada; and the Angeles, San Bernardino, Sequoia, and Cleveland Na-tional Forests, California, as authorized by law, $950,000, to be derived from forest re-ceipts. 
ACQUISITION OF LANDS TO COMPLETE LAND  
EXCHANGES  For acquisition of lands, such sums, to be derived from funds deposited by State, coun-ty, or municipal governments, public school districts, or other public school authorities, and for authorized expenditures from funds deposited by non-Federal parties pursuant to Land Sale and Exchange Acts, pursuant to the Act of December 4, 1967 (16 U.S.C. 484a), to remain available through September 30, 2018, (16 U.S.C. 516–617a, 555a; Public Law 96– 586; Public Law 76–589, 76–591; and Public Law 78–310). 
RANGE BETTERMENT FUND  For necessary expenses of range rehabilita-tion, protection, and improvement, 50 per-cent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year, as fees for grazing domestic live-stock on lands in National Forests in the 16 Western States, pursuant to section 401(b)(1) of Public Law 94–579, to remain available through September 30, 2018, of which not to exceed 6 percent shall be available for ad-ministrative expenses associated with on- the-ground range rehabilitation, protection, and improvements. 
GIFTS , DONATIONS AND BEQUESTS FOR FOREST  
AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  For expenses authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1643(b), $45,000, to remain available through September 30, 2018, to be derived from the fund established pursuant to the above Act. 
MANAGEMENT OF NATIONAL FOREST LANDS FOR  
SUBSISTENCE USES  For necessary expenses of the Forest Serv-ice to manage Federal lands in Alaska for subsistence uses under title VIII of the Alas-ka National Interest Lands Conservation Act (Public Law 96–487), $2,500,000, to remain available through September 30, 2018. 
WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for forest fire presuppression activities on National Forest System lands, for emergency fire suppression on or adjacent to such lands or other lands under fire protection agreement, hazardous fuels management on or adjacent to such lands, emergency rehabilitation of burned- over National Forest System lands and water, and for State and volunteer fire as-sistance, $2,593,763,000, to remain available through September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds including unobligated balances under this heading, are available for repay-ment of advances from other appropriations accounts previously transferred for such pur-poses: Provided further, That such funds shall be available to reimburse State and other co-operating entities for services provided in re-sponse to wildfire and other emergencies or disasters to the extent such reimbursements by the Forest Service for non-fire emer-gencies are fully repaid by the responsible emergency management agency: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, $6,914,000 of funds appropriated under this appropriation shall be available for the Forest Service in support of fire science research authorized by the Joint Fire Science Program, including all Forest Serv-ice authorities for the use of funds, such as contracts, grants, research joint venture agreements, and cooperative agreements: Provided further, That all authorities for the use of funds, including the use of contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements, avail-able to execute the Forest and Rangeland Research appropriation, are also available in the utilization of these funds for Fire Science Research: Provided further, That funds provided shall be available for emer-gency rehabilitation and restoration, haz-ardous fuels management activities, support to Federal emergency response, and wildfire suppression activities of the Forest Service: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $395,000,000 is for hazardous fuels manage-ment activities, $19,795,000 is for research ac-tivities and to make competitive research grants pursuant to the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Research Act, (16 U.S.C. 1641 et seq.), $78,000,000 is for State fire assistance, and $13,000,000 is for volun-teer fire assistance under section 10 of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2106): Provided further, That amounts in this paragraph may be trans-ferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’, and ‘‘Forest and Rangeland Research’’ accounts to fund forest and rangeland research, the Joint Fire Science Program, vegetation and watershed management, heritage site reha-bilitation, and wildlife and fish habitat man-agement and restoration: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $65,000,000 shall be available for the purpose of acquiring air-craft for the next-generation airtanker fleet to enhance firefighting mobility, effective-ness, efficiency, and safety, and such aircraft shall be suitable for contractor operation over the terrain and forest ecosystems char-acteristic of National Forest System lands, as determined by the Chief of the Forest Service: Provided further, That the costs of implementing any cooperative agreement be-tween the Federal Government and any non- Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further, That the funds provided herein may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into procurement contracts or coopera-tive agreements or to issue grants for haz-ardous fuels management activities and for training or monitoring associated with such hazardous fuels management activities on Federal land or on non-Federal land if the Secretary determines such activities benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further, That funds made available to implement the Community Forest Restoration Act, Public Law 106–393, title VI, shall be available for use on non-Federal lands in accordance with authorities made available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private For-estry’’ appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appropriated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000, between the Depart-ments when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management pro-grams and projects: Provided further, That of the funds provided for hazardous fuels man-agement, not to exceed $5,000,000 may be used to make grants, using any authorities available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriation, for the purpose of creating incentives for in-creased use of biomass from National Forest System lands: Provided further, That funds designated for wildfire suppression, includ-ing funds transferred from the ‘‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund’’, shall be assessed for cost pools on the same basis as such assessments are calculated against other agency programs: Provided further, That of the funds for hazardous fuels man-agement, up to $46,653,000 may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’ to support the Integrated Resource Restoration pilot program. FLAME WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION RESERVE FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for large fire sup-pression operations of the Department of Ag-riculture and as a reserve fund for suppres-sion and Federal emergency response activi-ties, $315,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts are only available for transfer to the ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ account following a dec-laration by the Secretary in accordance with section 502 of the FLAME Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 1748a). 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —FOREST SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Appropriations to the Forest Service for the current fiscal year shall be available for: (1) purchase of passenger motor vehicles; ac-quisition of passenger motor vehicles from excess sources, and hire of such vehicles; purchase, lease, operation, maintenance, and acquisition of aircraft to maintain the oper-able fleet for use in Forest Service wildland fire programs and other Forest Service pro-grams; notwithstanding other provisions of law, existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the re-placement aircraft; (2) services pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2225, and not to exceed $100,000 for em-ployment under 5 U.S.C. 3109; (3) purchase, erection, and alteration of buildings and other public improvements (7 U.S.C. 2250); (4) acquisition of land, waters, and interests therein pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 428a; (5) for ex-penses pursuant to the Volunteers in the Na-tional Forest Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 558a, 558d, and 558a note); (6) the cost of uniforms as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and (7) for debt collection contracts in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 3718(c). Any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service may be transferred to the Wildland Fire Management appropriation for forest firefighting, emergency rehabilitation of burned-over or damaged lands or waters under its jurisdiction, and fire preparedness due to severe burning conditions upon the Secretary’s notification of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that all fire suppression funds appropriated under the headings ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ and ‘‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund’’ will be obligated within 30 days: Pro- vided, That all funds used pursuant to this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4736 July 12, 2016 
paragraph must be replenished by a supple-mental appropriation which must be re-quested as promptly as possible. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for assistance to or through the Agency for International Devel-opment in connection with forest and range-land research, technical information, and as-sistance in foreign countries, and shall be available to support forestry and related nat-ural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, in-cluding technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with U.S., private, and international organizations. The Forest Service, acting for the International Pro-gram, may sign direct funding agreements with foreign governments and institutions as well as other domestic agencies (including the U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment, the Department of State, and the Mil-lennium Challenge Corporation), U.S. pri-vate sector firms, institutions and organiza-tions to provide technical assistance and training programs overseas on forestry and rangeland management. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management, for removal, preparation, and adoption of excess wild horses and bur-ros from National Forest System lands, and for the performance of cadastral surveys to designate the boundaries of such lands. None of the funds made available to the Forest Service in this Act or any other Act with respect to any fiscal year shall be sub-ject to transfer under the provisions of sec-tion 702(b) of the Department of Agriculture Organic Act of 1944 (7 U.S.C. 2257), section 442 of Public Law 106–224 (7 U.S.C. 7772), or sec-tion 10417(b) of Public Law 107–171 (7 U.S.C. 8316(b)). None of the funds available to the Forest Service may be reprogrammed without the advance approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations in accordance with the reprogramming procedures con-tained in this Act. Not more than $82,000,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agriculture and not more than $14,500,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Department of Agri-culture for Department Reimbursable Pro-grams, commonly referred to as Greenbook charges. Nothing in this paragraph shall pro-hibit or limit the use of reimbursable agree-ments requested by the Forest Service in order to obtain services from the Depart-ment of Agriculture’s National Information Technology Center and the Department of Agriculture’s International Technology Service. Of the funds available to the Forest Serv-ice, up to $5,000,000 shall be available for pri-ority projects within the scope of the ap-proved budget, which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps and shall be carried out under the authority of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993, Public Law 103–82, as amended by Public Lands Corps Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2005, Public Law 109–154. Of the funds available to the Forest Serv-ice, $4,000 is available to the Chief of the For-est Service for official reception and rep-resentation expenses. Pursuant to sections 405(b) and 410(b) of Public Law 101–593, of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $3,000,000 may be advanced in a lump sum to the National For-est Foundation to aid conservation partner-ship projects in support of the Forest Service mission, without regard to when the Founda-tion incurs expenses, for projects on or bene-fitting National Forest System lands or re-lated to Forest Service programs: Provided, That of the Federal funds made available to the Foundation, no more than $300,000 shall be available for administrative expenses: Provided further, That the Foundation shall obtain, by the end of the period of Federal fi-nancial assistance, private contributions to match on at least one-for-one basis funds made available by the Forest Service: Pro- vided further, That the Foundation may transfer Federal funds to a Federal or a non- Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non- Federal matching funds. Pursuant to section 2(b)(2) of Public Law 98–244, up to $3,000,000 of the funds available to the Forest Service may be advanced to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation in a lump sum to aid cost-share conservation projects, without regard to when expenses are incurred, on or benefitting National For-est System lands or related to Forest Service programs: Provided, That such funds shall be matched on at least a one-for-one basis by the Foundation or its sub-recipients: Pro- vided further, That the Foundation may transfer Federal funds to a Federal or non- Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non- Federal matching funds. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for interactions with and providing technical assistance to rural com-munities and natural resource-based busi-nesses for sustainable rural development purposes. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available for payments to counties within the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area, pursuant to section 14(c)(1) and (2), and section 16(a)(2) of Public Law 99–663. Any funds appropriated to the Forest Serv-ice may be used to meet the non-Federal share requirement in section 502(c) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056(c)(2)). Funds available to the Forest Service, not to exceed $65,000,000, shall be assessed for the purpose of performing fire, administrative and other facilities maintenance and decom-missioning. Such assessments shall occur using a square foot rate charged on the same basis the agency uses to assess programs for payment of rent, utilities, and other support services. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service not to exceed $500,000 may be used to reimburse the Office of the Gen-eral Counsel (OGC), Department of Agri-culture, for travel and related expenses in-curred as a result of OGC assistance or par-ticipation requested by the Forest Service at meetings, training sessions, management re-views, land purchase negotiations and simi-lar nonlitigation-related matters. Future budget justifications for both the Forest Service and the Department of Agriculture should clearly display the sums previously transferred and the requested funding trans-fers. An eligible individual who is employed in any project funded under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056 et seq.) and administered by the Forest Service shall be considered to be a Federal employee for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, through the Office of Budget and Program Analysis, the Forest Service shall report no later than 30 business days fol-lowing the close of each fiscal quarter all current and prior year unobligated balances, by fiscal year, budget line item and account, to the House and Senate Committees on Ap-propriations. Funds appropriated to the Forest Service shall be available to categorically exclude from documentation in an environmental as-sessment or an environmental impact state-ment under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) a forest management activity on National Forest System lands when the primary purpose of the forest management activity is: (1) to ad-dress an insect or disease infestation; (2) to reduce hazardous fuel loads; (3) to protect a municipal water source; (4) to maintain, en-hance, or modify critical habitat to protect it from catastrophic disturbances; (5) to in-crease water yield; or (6) any combination of these purposes: Provided, That the land on which the forest management activity is car-ried out may not exceed 3,000 acres. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES I
NDIAN HEALTH SERVICE  
INDIAN HEALTH SERVICES  For expenses necessary to carry out the Act of August 5, 1954 (68 Stat. 674), the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act, the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act, and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to the In-dian Health Service, $3,720,690,000, together with payments received during the fiscal year pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 238(b) and 238b, for services furnished by the Indian Health Serv-ice: Provided, That funds made available to tribes and tribal organizations through con-tracts, grant agreements, or any other agree-ments or compacts authorized by the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450), shall be deemed to be obligated at the time of the grant or contract award and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal orga-nization without fiscal year limitation: Pro- vided further, That $960,831,000 for Purchased/ Referred Care, including $53,000,000 for the Indian Catastrophic Health Emergency Fund, shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the funds provided, up to $37,000,000 shall remain available until expended for implementation of the loan re-payment program under section 108 of the In-dian Health Care Improvement Act: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $2,000,000 shall be used to supplement funds available for operational costs at tribal clinics oper-ated under an Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act compact or con-tract where health care is delivered in space acquired through a full service lease, which is not eligible for maintenance and improve-ment and equipment funds from the Indian Health Service, and $6,000,000 shall be for ac-creditation emergencies: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Federal Government as authorized by sections 104 and 108 of the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a) during the preceding fiscal year for breach of con-tracts shall be deposited to the Fund author-ized by section 108A of the Act (25 U.S.C. 1616a-1) and shall remain available until ex-pended and, notwithstanding section 108A(c) of the Act (25 U.S.C. 1616a-1(c)), funds shall be available to make new awards under the loan repayment and scholarship programs under sections 104 and 108 of the Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a): Provided further, That the amounts made available within this ac-count for the Substance Abuse and Suicide Prevention Program, for the Domestic Vio-lence Prevention Program, for the Zero Sui-cide Initiative, for aftercare pilots at Youth Regional Treatment Centers, to improve col-lections from public and private insurance at Indian Health Service and tribally operated facilities, and for accreditation emergencies shall be allocated at the discretion of the Di-rector of the Indian Health Service and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That funds provided in this Act may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4737 July 12, 2016 
be used for annual contracts and grants that fall within 2 fiscal years, provided the total obligation is recorded in the year the funds are appropriated: Provided further, That the amounts collected by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under the au-thority of title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall remain available until expended for the purpose of achieving compliance with the applicable conditions and requirements of titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act, except for those re-lated to the planning, design, or construc-tion of new facilities: Provided further, That funding contained herein for scholarship pro-grams under the Indian Health Care Im-provement Act (25 U.S.C. 1613) shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That amounts received by tribes and tribal organizations under title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall be re-ported and accounted for and available to the receiving tribes and tribal organizations until expended: Provided further, That the Bureau of Indian Affairs may collect from the Indian Health Service, tribes and tribal organizations operating health facilities pur-suant to Public Law 93–638, such individually identifiable health information relating to disabled children as may be necessary for the purpose of carrying out its functions under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400, et seq.): Provided further, That the Indian Health Care Improvement Fund may be used, as needed, to carry out activities typically funded under the Indian Health Facilities account. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS  For payments to tribes and tribal organi-zations for contract support costs associated with Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act agreements with the Indian Health Service for fiscal year 2017, such sums as may be necessary: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, no amounts made available under this heading shall be available for transfer to an-other budget account. 
INDIAN HEALTH FACILITIES  For construction, repair, maintenance, im-provement, and equipment of health and re-lated auxiliary facilities, including quarters for personnel; preparation of plans, specifica-tions, and drawings; acquisition of sites, pur-chase and erection of modular buildings, and purchases of trailers; and for provision of do-mestic and community sanitation facilities for Indians, as authorized by section 7 of the Act of August 5, 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2004a), the In-dian Self-Determination Act, and the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and for ex-penses necessary to carry out such Acts and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to environmental health and facilities support activities of the Indian Health Service, $557,946,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided, That notwith-standing any other provision of law, funds appropriated for the planning, design, con-struction, renovation or expansion of health facilities for the benefit of an Indian tribe or tribes may be used to purchase land on which such facilities will be located: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be used by the Indian Health Service to pur-chase TRANSAM equipment from the De-partment of Defense for distribution to the Indian Health Service and tribal facilities: Provided further, That none of the funds ap-propriated to the Indian Health Service may be used for sanitation facilities construction for new homes funded with grants by the housing programs of the United States De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment: Provided further, That not to exceed $2,700,000 from this account and the ‘‘Indian Health Services’’ account may be used by the Indian Health Service to obtain ambulances for the Indian Health Service and tribal fa-cilities in conjunction with an existing interagency agreement between the Indian Health Service and the General Services Ad-ministration: Provided further, That not to exceed $500,000 may be placed in a Demoli-tion Fund, to remain available until ex-pended, and be used by the Indian Health Service for the demolition of Federal build-ings. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —INDIAN HEALTH  
SERVICE  Appropriations provided in this Act to the Indian Health Service shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 at rates not to exceed the per diem rate equiva-lent to the maximum rate payable for senior- level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376; hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; pur-chase of medical equipment; purchase of re-prints; purchase, renovation and erection of modular buildings and renovation of existing facilities; payments for telephone service in private residences in the field, when author-ized under regulations approved by the Sec-retary; uniforms or allowances therefor as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and for ex-penses of attendance at meetings that relate to the functions or activities of the Indian Health Service: Provided, That in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, non-Indian patients may be extended health care at all tribally ad-ministered or Indian Health Service facili-ties, subject to charges, and the proceeds along with funds recovered under the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651– 2653) shall be credited to the account of the facility providing the service and shall be available without fiscal year limitation: Pro- vided further, That notwithstanding any other law or regulation, funds transferred from the Department of Housing and Urban Development to the Indian Health Service shall be administered under Public Law 86– 121, the Indian Sanitation Facilities Act and Public Law 93–638: Provided further, That funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service in this Act, except those used for ad-ministrative and program direction pur-poses, shall not be subject to limitations di-rected at curtailing Federal travel and trans-portation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used for any as-sessments or charges by the Department of Health and Human Services unless identified in the budget justification and provided in this Act, or approved by the House and Sen-ate Committees on Appropriations through the reprogramming process: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds previously or herein made avail-able to a tribe or tribal organization through a contract, grant, or agreement authorized by title I or title V of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450), may be deobligated and reobligated to a self-determination contract under title I, or a self-governance agreement under title V of such Act and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal orga-nization without fiscal year limitation: Pro- vided further, That none of the funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used to implement the final rule published in the Federal Register on Sep-tember 16, 1987, by the Department of Health and Human Services, relating to the eligi-bility for the health care services of the In-dian Health Service until the Indian Health Service has submitted a budget request re-flecting the increased costs associated with the proposed final rule, and such request has been included in an appropriations Act and enacted into law: Provided further, That with respect to functions transferred by the In-dian Health Service to tribes or tribal orga-nizations, the Indian Health Service is au-thorized to provide goods and services to those entities on a reimbursable basis, in-cluding payments in advance with subse-quent adjustment, and the reimbursements received therefrom, along with the funds re-ceived from those entities pursuant to the Indian Self-Determination Act, may be cred-ited to the same or subsequent appropriation account from which the funds were origi-nally derived, with such amounts to remain available until expended: Provided further, That reimbursements for training, technical assistance, or services provided by the Indian Health Service will contain total costs, in-cluding direct, administrative, and overhead associated with the provision of goods, serv-ices, or technical assistance: Provided fur-ther, That the appropriation structure for the Indian Health Service may not be altered without advance notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ENVIRONMENTAL  
HEALTH SCIENCES  For necessary expenses for the National In-stitute of Environmental Health Sciences in carrying out activities set forth in section 311(a) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9660(a)) and section 126(g) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthor-ization Act of 1986, $77,349,000. A
GENCY FOR TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND DISEASE  R
EGISTRY  
TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND ENVIRONMENTAL  
PUBLIC HEALTH  For necessary expenses for the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) in carrying out activities set forth in sections 104(i) and 111(c)(4) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) and section 3019 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $74,691,000, of which up to $1,000 per eligible employee of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry shall remain available until expended for In-dividual Learning Accounts: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, in lieu of performing a health assessment under section 104(i)(6) of CERCLA, the Ad-ministrator of ATSDR may conduct other appropriate health studies, evaluations, or activities, including, without limitation, biomedical testing, clinical evaluations, medical monitoring, and referral to accred-ited healthcare providers: Provided further, That in performing any such health assess-ment or health study, evaluation, or activ-ity, the Administrator of ATSDR shall not be bound by the deadlines in section 104(i)(6)(A) of CERCLA: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for ATSDR to issue in excess of 40 toxicological profiles pursuant to section 104(i) of CERCLA during fiscal year 2017, and existing profiles may be updated as necessary. OTHER RELATED AGENCIES E
XECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
COUNCIL ON ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY AND  
OFFICE OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY  For necessary expenses to continue func-tions assigned to the Council on Environ-mental Quality and Office of Environmental Quality pursuant to the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969, the Environ-mental Quality Improvement Act of 1970, and Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1977, and not to exceed $750 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $3,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding section 202 of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1970, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4738 July 12, 2016 
Council shall consist of one member, ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate, serving as chairman and exercising all powers, func-tions, and duties of the Council. C
HEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION  B
OARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses in carrying out ac-tivities pursuant to section 112(r)(6) of the Clean Air Act, including hire of passenger vehicles, uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902, and for serv-ices authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376, $11,000,000: Provided, That the Chemical Safe-ty and Hazard Investigation Board (Board) shall have not more than three career Senior Executive Service positions: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the individual appointed to the position of Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) shall, by virtue of such appointment, also hold the position of Inspector General of the Board: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Inspector General of the Board shall utilize personnel of the Office of Inspector General of EPA in performing the duties of the Inspector General of the Board, and shall not appoint any individuals to po-sitions within the Board. O
FFICE OF NAVAJO AND HOPIINDIAN  R
ELOCATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation as au-thorized by Public Law 93–531, $15,431,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds provided in this or any other ap-propriations Act are to be used to relocate eligible individuals and groups including evictees from District 6, Hopi-partitioned lands residents, those in significantly sub-standard housing, and all others certified as eligible and not included in the preceding categories: Provided further, That none of the funds contained in this or any other Act may be used by the Office of Navajo and Hopi In-dian Relocation to evict any single Navajo or Navajo family who, as of November 30, 1985, was physically domiciled on the lands parti-tioned to the Hopi Tribe unless a new or re-placement home is provided for such house-hold: Provided further, That no relocatee will be provided with more than one new or re-placement home: Provided further, That the Office shall relocate any certified eligible relocatees who have selected and received an approved homesite on the Navajo reservation or selected a replacement residence off the Navajo reservation or on the land acquired pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 640d-10: Provided fur-ther, That $200,000 shall be transferred to the Office of Inspector General of the Depart-ment of the Interior, to remain available until expended, for audits and investigations of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relo-cation, consistent with the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). I
NSTITUTE OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA  N
ATIVE CULTURE AND ARTSDEVELOPMENT  
PAYMENT TO THE INSTITUTE  For payment to the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development, as authorized by title XV of Public Law 99–498 (20 U.S.C. 56 part A), $11,619,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018. S
MITHSONIAN INSTITUTION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Smithsonian Institution, as authorized by law, including research in the fields of art, science, and his-tory; development, preservation, and docu-mentation of the National Collections; pres-entation of public exhibits and perform-ances; collection, preparation, dissemina-tion, and exchange of information and publi-cations; conduct of education, training, and museum assistance programs; maintenance, alteration, operation, lease agreements of no more than 30 years, and protection of build-ings, facilities, and approaches; not to exceed $100,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and purchase, rental, repair, and clean-ing of uniforms for employees, $712,487,000, to remain available until September 30, 2018, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $50,467,000 for the instrumenta-tion program, collections acquisition, exhi-bition reinstallation, the National Museum of African American History and Culture, and the repatriation of skeletal remains pro-gram shall remain available until expended; and including such funds as may be nec-essary to support American overseas re-search centers: Provided, That funds appro-priated herein are available for advance pay-ments to independent contractors per-forming research services or participating in official Smithsonian presentations. FACILITIES CAPITAL  For necessary expenses of repair, revital-ization, and alteration of facilities owned or occupied by the Smithsonian Institution, by contract or otherwise, as authorized by sec-tion 2 of the Act of August 22, 1949 (63 Stat. 623), and for construction, including nec-essary personnel, $150,860,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to ex-ceed $10,000 shall be for services as author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. N
ATIONAL GALLERY OF ART 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For the upkeep and operations of the Na-tional Gallery of Art, the protection and care of the works of art therein, and admin-istrative expenses incident thereto, as au-thorized by the Act of March 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 51), as amended by the public resolution of April 13, 1939 (Public Resolution 9, Seventy- sixth Congress), including services as author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; payment in advance when authorized by the treasurer of the Gal-lery for membership in library, museum, and art associations or societies whose publica-tions or services are available to members only, or to members at a price lower than to the general public; purchase, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for guards, and uni-forms, or allowances therefor, for other em-ployees as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901– 5902); purchase or rental of devices and serv-ices for protecting buildings and contents thereof, and maintenance, alteration, im-provement, and repair of buildings, ap-proaches, and grounds; and purchase of serv-ices for restoration and repair of works of art for the National Gallery of Art by con-tracts made, without advertising, with indi-viduals, firms, or organizations at such rates or prices and under such terms and condi-tions as the Gallery may deem proper, $130,801,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, of which not to exceed $3,620,000 for the special exhibition program shall remain available until expended. 
REPAIR , RESTORATION AND RENOVATION OF  
BUILDINGS  For necessary expenses of repair, restora-tion and renovation of buildings, grounds and facilities owned or occupied by the Na-tional Gallery of Art, by contract or other-wise, for operating lease agreements of no more than 10 years, with no extensions or re-newals beyond the 10 years, that address space needs created by the ongoing renova-tions in the Master Facilities Plan, as au-thorized, $22,564,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That contracts awarded for environmental systems, protec-tion systems, and exterior repair or renova-tion of buildings of the National Gallery of Art may be negotiated with selected contrac-tors and awarded on the basis of contractor qualifications as well as price. JOHNF. K ENNEDY CENTER FOR THE  P
ERFORMING ARTS 
OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE  For necessary expenses for the operation, maintenance and security of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $22,260,000. 
CAPITAL REPAIR AND RESTORATION  For necessary expenses for capital repair and restoration of the existing features of the building and site of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $14,140,000, to remain available until expended. W
OODROW WILSON INTERNATIONAL CENTER FOR  S
CHOLARS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary in carrying out the provisions of the Woodrow Wilson Memorial Act of 1968 (82 Stat. 1356) including hire of passenger vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $10,500,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2018. N
ATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  H
UMANITIES  N
ATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS 
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the National Foundation on the Arts and the Hu-manities Act of 1965, $149,849,000 shall be available to the National Endowment for the Arts for the support of projects and produc-tions in the arts, including arts education and public outreach activities, through as-sistance to organizations and individuals pursuant to section 5 of the Act, for program support, and for administering the functions of the Act, to remain available until ex-pended. N
ATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE HUMANITIES  
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses to carry out the National Foundation on the Arts and the Hu-manities Act of 1965, $149,848,000, to remain available until expended, of which $139,148,000 shall be available for support of activities in the humanities, pursuant to sec-tion 7(c) of the Act and for administering the functions of the Act; and $10,700,000 shall be available to carry out the matching grants program pursuant to section 10(a)(2) of the Act, including $8,500,000 for the purposes of section 7(h): Provided, That appropriations for carrying out section 10(a)(2) shall be available for obligation only in such amounts as may be equal to the total amounts of gifts, bequests, devises of money, and other property accepted by the chairman or by grantees of the National Endowment for the Humanities under the provisions of sections 11(a)(2)(B) and 11(a)(3)(B) during the current and preceding fiscal years for which equal amounts have not previously been ap-propriated. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  None of the funds appropriated to the Na-tional Foundation on the Arts and the Hu-manities may be used to process any grant or contract documents which do not include the text of 18 U.S.C. 1913: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used for official reception and rep-resentation expenses: Provided further, That funds from nonappropriated sources may be used as necessary for official reception and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4739 July 12, 2016 
representation expenses: Provided further, That the Chairperson of the National Endow-ment for the Arts may approve grants of up to $10,000, if in the aggregate the amount of such grants does not exceed 5 percent of the sums appropriated for grantmaking purposes per year: Provided further, That such small grant actions are taken pursuant to the terms of an expressed and direct delegation of authority from the National Council on the Arts to the Chairperson. C
OMMISSION OF FINEARTS 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses of the Commission of Fine Arts under chapter 91 of title 40, United States Code, $2,762,000: Provided, That the Commission is authorized to charge fees to cover the full costs of its publications, and such fees shall be credited to this account as an offsetting collection, to remain available until expended without further appropria-tion: Provided further, That the Commission is authorized to accept gifts, including ob-jects, papers, artwork, drawings and arti-facts, that pertain to the history and design of the Nation’s Capital or the history and ac-tivities of the Commission of Fine Arts, for the purpose of artistic display, study or edu-cation: Provided further, That one-tenth of one percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representation expenses. 
NATIONAL CAPITAL ARTS AND CULTURAL  
AFFAIRS  For necessary expenses as authorized by Public Law 99–190 (20 U.S.C. 956a), $2,000,000. A
DVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC  P
RESERVATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (Public Law 89–665), $6,480,000. N
ATIONAL CAPITAL PLANNING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the National Capital Planning Commission under chapter 87 of title 40, United States Code, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $8,099,000: Provided, That one-quarter of 1 percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representational expenses associated with hosting international visitors engaged in the planning and physical development of world capitals. U
NITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL  M
USEUM  
HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM  For expenses of the Holocaust Memorial Museum, as authorized by Public Law 106–292 (36 U.S.C. 2301–2310), $57,000,000, of which $1,215,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019, for the Museum’s equipment replacement program; and of which $2,500,000 for the Museum’s repair and rehabilitation program and $1,264,000 for the Museum’s out-reach initiatives program shall remain avail-able until expended. TITLE IV GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
RESTRICTION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. 401. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall be available for any activity or the publication or distribution of literature that in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to any legisla-tive proposal on which Congressional action is not complete other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. 
OBLIGATION OF APPROPRIATIONS  S
EC. 402. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. REPROGRAMMING PROCEDURES , DISCLOSURE OF  
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES , AND OPERATING  
PLANS  S
EC. 403. (a) DEFINITIONS.—For the pur-poses of this section: (1) ‘‘Reprogramming’’ includes: (A) The reallocation of funds from one pro-gram, project, or activity, to another within any appropriation funded in this Act. (B) For construction, land acquisition, and forest legacy accounts, the reallocation of funds, including unobligated balances, from one construction, land acquisition, or forest legacy project to another such project. (C) An operating plan or any later modi-fication thereof submitted under subsection (i) of this section. (D) Proposed reorganizations even without a change in funding, including any change to the organization table presented in the budg-et justification. (2) ‘‘Program’’, ‘‘project’’, and ‘‘activity’’ constitute the delineation below the appro-priation account level of any agency funded by this Act, as shown in any table of the re-port accompanying this Act. (3) ‘‘Funds’’ includes funds provided in this Act or previous appropriations Acts that are available for obligation in the current fiscal year and any amounts available for obliga-tion in the current fiscal year derived from collections, fees or charges. (4) ‘‘Assessment’’ is any overhead charge, deduction, reserve or holdback, including working capital fund and cost pool charges, from any program, project, and activity to support government-wide, departmental, agency, or bureau administrative functions or headquarters, regional, or central oper-ations or to provide for contingencies. (b) GENERAL GUIDELINES FOR RE-PROGRAMMING.— (1) A reprogramming should be made only when an unforeseen situation arises, and then only if postponement of the project or the activity until the next appropriation year would result in actual loss or damage. (2) Any project or activity, which may be deferred through reprogramming, shall not later be accomplished by means of further reprogramming, but instead, funds should again be sought for the deferred project or activity through the regular appropriations process. (3) Except under the most urgent situa-tions, reprogramming should not be em-ployed to initiate new programs or increase allocations specifically denied or limited by the Congress, or to decrease allocations spe-cifically increased by the Congress. (4) New programs requested in the budget should not be initiated before enactment of the bill without notification to, and the ap-proval of, the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate (hereinafter ‘‘the Committees’’). This re-striction applies to all such actions regard-less of whether a formal reprogramming of funds is required to begin the program. (c) CRITERIA.— (1) A reprogramming shall be submitted to the Committees in writing 30 days prior to implementation if— (A) it exceeds $1,000,000 individually or cu-mulatively or results in a cumulative in-crease or decrease of more than 10 percent of funds annually in any affected program, project, or activity; (B) it is a reorganization; or (C) it is an operating plan or any later modification thereof as submitted under sub-section (i) of this section: Provided, That such plan or modification thereof also meets any of the other criteria under subsection (c)(1) of this section. (2) No funds shall be available for obliga-tion or expenditure through a reprogram-ming until 30 days after the receipt by the Committees of a notice of proposed re-programming. (3) A reprogramming shall be considered approved 30 days after receipt if the Commit-tees have posed no objection. However, agen-cies will be expected to extend the approval deadline if specifically requested by either Committee. (d) EXCEPTIONS.— (1) With regard to the tribal priority allo-cations of the Bureau of Indian Affairs, there is no restriction on reprogrammings among these programs. However, the Bureau shall report on all reprogrammings made during a given fiscal year no later than 60 days after the end of the fiscal year. (2) With regard to the Environmental Pro-tection Agency, State and Tribal Assistance Grants account, the Committees do not re-quire reprogramming requests associated with States and Tribes Partnership Grants. (e) ASSESSMENTS.— (1) No assessment shall be levied or col-lected unless such assessment and the basis therefor are presented to the Committees in the budget justifications and are subse-quently approved by the Committees. The explanation for any assessment in the budget justification shall show the amount of the assessment, the activities assessed, and the purpose of the funds. (2) Proposed changes to estimated assess-ments, as such estimates were presented in annual budget justifications, shall be sub-mitted through the reprogramming process set out in this section and shall be subject to the same dollar and reporting criteria as any other reprogramming. (3) Each department, agency or bureau that utilizes assessments shall submit an an-nual report to the Committees which pro-vides details on the use of all funds assessed from any other program, project, or activity. (4) In no case shall contingency funds or assessments be used to finance agency ac-tions disapproved or limited by the Congress. (f) LAND ACQUISITIONS, EASEMENTS, AND FOREST LEGACY.—Lands shall not be acquired for more than the approved ap-praised value (as addressed in section 301(3) of Public Law 91–646), unless such acquisi-tions are submitted to the Committees for approval in compliance with these proce-dures. (g) LAND EXCHANGES.—Land exchanges, wherein the estimated value of the Federal lands to be exchanged is greater than $1,000,000, shall not be consummated until the Committees have had a 30-day period in which to examine the proposed exchange. In addition, the Committees shall be provided advance notification of exchanges valued be-tween $500,000 and $1,000,000. (h) BUDGET STRUCTURE.—The program, project, and activity structure for any agen-cy appropriation account shall not be altered without advance approval of the Commit-tees. (i) OPERATING PLANS.—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each department or agency funded by this Act shall submit an operating plan to the Committees to establish the baseline for ap-plication of reprogramming for the current fiscal year. The operating plan shall in-clude— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by the Congress, enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each ap-propriation by program, project, and activity for the respective appropriation; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4740 July 12, 2016 
MINING APPLICATIONS  S
EC. 404. (a) L IMITATION OF FUNDS .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obli-gated or expended to accept or process appli-cations for a patent for any mining or mill site claim located under the general mining laws. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Interior deter-mines that, for the claim concerned (1) a pat-ent application was filed with the Secretary on or before September 30, 1994; and (2) all re-quirements established under sections 2325 and 2326 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 29 and 30) for vein or lode claims, sections 2329, 2330, 2331, and 2333 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 35, 36, and 37) for placer claims, and section 2337 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 42) for mill site claims, as the case may be, were fully complied with by the ap-plicant by that date. (c) R
EPORT .—On September 30, 2018, the Secretary of the Interior shall file with the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions and the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on actions taken by the Department under the plan submitted pursuant to sec-tion 314(c) of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1997 (Public Law 104–208). (d) M
INERAL EXAMINATIONS .—In order to process patent applications in a timely and responsible manner, upon the request of a patent applicant, the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall allow the applicant to fund a quali-fied third-party contractor to be selected by the Director of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment to conduct a mineral examination of the mining claims or mill sites contained in a patent application as set forth in sub-section (b). The Bureau of Land Management shall have the sole responsibility to choose and pay the third-party contractor in ac-cordance with the standard procedures em-ployed by the Bureau of Land Management in the retention of third-party contractors. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS , PRIOR YEAR  
LIMITATION  S
EC. 405. Sections 405 and 406 of division F of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect in fiscal year 2017. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS , FISCAL YEAR 2017  
LIMITATION  S
EC. 406. Amounts provided by this Act for fiscal year 2017 under the headings ‘‘Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service, Contract Support Costs’’ and ‘‘Department of the Interior, Bureau of In-dian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, Contract Support Costs’’ are the only amounts available for contract support costs arising out of self-determination or self-gov-ernance contracts, grants, compacts, or an-nual funding agreements for fiscal year 2017 with the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the In-dian Health Service: Provided, That such amounts provided by this Act are not avail-able for payment of claims for contract sup-port costs for prior years, or for repayments of payments for settlements or judgments awarding contract support costs for prior years. 
FOREST MANAGEMENT PLANS  S
EC. 407. The Secretary of Agriculture shall not be considered to be in violation of subparagraph 6(f)(5)(A) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604(f)(5)(A)) solely be-cause more than 15 years have passed with-out revision of the plan for a unit of the Na-tional Forest System. Nothing in this sec-tion exempts the Secretary from any other requirement of the Forest and Rangeland Re-newable Resources Planning Act (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.) or any other law: Provided, That if the Secretary is not acting expeditiously and in good faith, within the funding avail-able, to revise a plan for a unit of the Na-tional Forest System, this section shall be void with respect to such plan and a court of proper jurisdiction may order completion of the plan on an accelerated basis. PROHIBITION WITHIN NATIONAL MONUMENTS  S
EC. 408. No funds provided in this Act may be expended to conduct preleasing, leasing and related activities under either the Min-eral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) or the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) within the boundaries of a Na-tional Monument established pursuant to the Act of June 8, 1906 (16 U.S.C. 431 et seq.) as such boundary existed on January 20, 2001, except where such activities are allowed under the Presidential proclamation estab-lishing such monument. 
LIMITATION ON TAKINGS  S
EC. 409. Unless otherwise provided herein, no funds appropriated in this Act for the ac-quisition of lands or interests in lands may be expended for the filing of declarations of taking or complaints in condemnation with-out the approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That this provision shall not apply to funds appropriated to implement the Everglades National Park Protection and Expansion Act of 1989, or to funds appropriated for Federal assistance to the State of Florida to acquire lands for Everglades restoration purposes. 
TIMBER SALE REQUIREMENTS  S
EC. 410. No timber sale in Alaska’s Region 10 shall be advertised if the indicated rate is deficit (defined as the value of the timber is not sufficient to cover all logging and stump-age costs and provide a normal profit and risk allowance under the Forest Service’s ap-praisal process) when appraised using a re-sidual value appraisal. The western red cedar timber from those sales which is surplus to the needs of the domestic processors in Alas-ka, shall be made available to domestic proc-essors in the contiguous 48 United States at prevailing domestic prices. All additional western red cedar volume not sold to Alaska or contiguous 48 United States domestic processors may be exported to foreign mar-kets at the election of the timber sale hold-er. All Alaska yellow cedar may be sold at prevailing export prices at the election of the timber sale holder. 
PROHIBITION ON NO -BID CONTRACTS  S
EC. 411. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to ex-ecutive branch agencies may be used to enter into any Federal contract unless such con-tract is entered into in accordance with the requirements of Chapter 33 of title 41, United States Code, or Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless— (1) Federal law specifically authorizes a contract to be entered into without regard for these requirements, including formula grants for States, or federally recognized In-dian tribes; or (2) such contract is authorized by the In-dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (Public Law 93–638, 25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) or by any other Federal laws that specifically authorize a contract within an Indian tribe as defined in section 4(e) of that Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)); or (3) such contract was awarded prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
POSTING OF REPORTS  S
EC. 412. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-port if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary infor-mation. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS GRANT  
GUIDELINES  S
EC. 413. Of the funds provided to the Na-tional Endowment for the Arts— (1) The Chairperson shall only award a grant to an individual if such grant is award-ed to such individual for a literature fellow-ship, National Heritage Fellowship, or Amer-ican Jazz Masters Fellowship. (2) The Chairperson shall establish proce-dures to ensure that no funding provided through a grant, except a grant made to a State or local arts agency, or regional group, may be used to make a grant to any other organization or individual to conduct activ-ity independent of the direct grant recipient. Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit payments made in exchange for goods and services. (3) No grant shall be used for seasonal sup-port to a group, unless the application is spe-cific to the contents of the season, including identified programs or projects. 
NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS PROGRAM  
PRIORITIES  S
EC. 414. (a) In providing services or award-ing financial assistance under the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965 from funds appropriated under this Act, the Chairperson of the National En-dowment for the Arts shall ensure that pri-ority is given to providing services or award-ing financial assistance for projects, produc-tions, workshops, or programs that serve un-derserved populations. (b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘underserved population’’ means a population of individuals, including urban minorities, who have historically been outside the purview of arts and humanities programs due to factors such as a high inci-dence of income below the poverty line or to geographic isolation. (2) The term ‘‘poverty line’’ means the pov-erty line (as defined by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, and revised annually in ac-cordance with section 673(2) of the Commu-nity Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902(2))) applicable to a family of the size in-volved. (c) In providing services and awarding fi-nancial assistance under the National Foun-dation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965 with funds appropriated by this Act, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts shall ensure that priority is given to providing services or awarding financial assistance for projects, productions, work-shops, or programs that will encourage pub-lic knowledge, education, understanding, and appreciation of the arts. (d) With funds appropriated by this Act to carry out section 5 of the National Founda-tion on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965— (1) the Chairperson shall establish a grant category for projects, productions, work-shops, or programs that are of national im-pact or availability or are able to tour sev-eral States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4741 July 12, 2016 
(2) the Chairperson shall not make grants exceeding 15 percent, in the aggregate, of such funds to any single State, excluding grants made under the authority of para-graph (1); (3) the Chairperson shall report to the Con-gress annually and by State, on grants awarded by the Chairperson in each grant category under section 5 of such Act; and (4) the Chairperson shall encourage the use of grants to improve and support commu-nity-based music performance and edu-cation. 
STATUS OF BALANCES OF APPROPRIATIONS  S
EC. 415. The Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Forest Service, and the Indian Health Serv-ice shall provide the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of appropriations including all un-committed, committed, and unobligated funds in each program and activity. 
REPORT ON USE OF CLIMATE CHANGE FUNDS  S
EC. 416. Not later than 120 days after the date on which the President’s fiscal year 2018 budget request is submitted to the Congress, the President shall submit a comprehensive report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate describing in detail all Federal agency funding, domestic and international, for cli-mate change programs, projects, and activi-ties in fiscal years 2016 and 2017, including an accounting of funding by agency with each agency identifying climate change programs, projects, and activities and associated costs by line item as presented in the President’s Budget Appendix, and including citations and linkages where practicable to each stra-tegic plan that is driving funding within each climate change program, project, and activity listed in the report. 
PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS  S
EC. 417. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds made available in this Act or any other Act may be used to promulgate or implement any regulation re-quiring the issuance of permits under title V of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7661 et seq.) for carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, water vapor, or methane emissions resulting from biological processes associated with live-stock production. 
GREENHOUSE GAS REPORTING RESTRICTIONS  S
EC. 418. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to im-plement any provision in a rule, if that pro-vision requires mandatory reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from manure man-agement systems. 
MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES  S
EC. 419. (a) Section 8162(m)(3) of the De-partment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2000 (40 U.S.C. 8903 note; Public Law 106–79) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. (b) For fiscal year 2017, the authority pro-vided by the provisos under the heading ‘‘Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commis-sion—Capital Construction’’ in division E of Public Law 112–74 shall not be in effect. 
FUNDING PROHIBITION  S
EC. 420. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to reg-ulate the lead content of ammunition, am-munition components, or fishing tackle under the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) or any other law. 
EXTENSION OF GRAZING PERMITS  S
EC. 421. The terms and conditions of sec-tion 325 of Public Law 108–108 (117 Stat. 1307), regarding grazing permits issued by the For-est Service on any lands not subject to ad-ministration under section 402 of the Federal Lands Policy and Management Act (43 U.S.C. 1752), shall remain in effect for fiscal year 2017. RECREATION FEE  S
EC. 422. Section 810 of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6809) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. 
STEWARDSHIP CONTRACTING AMENDMENTS  S
EC. 423. Section 604(d) of the Healthy For-ests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Notwithstanding section 2 of the Act of July 31, 1947 (commonly known as the Materials Act of 1947; 30 U.S.C. 602), the Director may enter into an agreement or contract under subsection (b).’’; and (2) in paragraph (7)— (A) by striking ‘‘and the Director’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘entered into by the Chief’’ after ‘‘contracts and agreements’’. 
FUNDING PROHIBITION  S
EC. 424. (a) None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
DEFINITION OF FILL MATERIAL  S
EC. 425. None of the funds made available in this Act or any other Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency to de-velop, adopt, implement, administer, or en-force any change to the regulations in effect on October 1, 2012, pertaining to the defini-tions of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘dis-charge of fill material’’ for the purposes of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). 
CLARIFICATION OF EXEMPTIONS  S
EC. 426. Notwithstanding section 404(f)(2) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(2)), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the ac-tivities identified in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). 
WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES  S
EC. 427. None of the funds made available in this Act or any other Act for any fiscal year may be used to develop, adopt, imple-ment, administer, or enforce any change to the regulations and guidance in effect on Oc-tober 1, 2012, pertaining to the definition of waters under the jurisdiction of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251, et seq.), including the provisions of the rules dated November 13, 1986, and August 25, 1993, relating to said jurisdiction, and the guid-ance documents dated January 15, 2003, and December 2, 2008, relating to said jurisdic-tion. 
HUNTING , FISHING , AND RECREATIONAL  
SHOOTING ON FEDERAL LAND  S
EC. 428. (a) L IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .— None of the funds made available by this or any other Act for any fiscal year may be used to prohibit the use of or access to Fed-eral land (as such term is defined in section 3 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6502)) for hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting if such use or access— (1) was not prohibited on such Federal land as of January 1, 2013; and (2) was conducted in compliance with the resource management plan (as defined in sec-tion 101 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 6511)) applica-ble to such Federal land as of January 1, 2013. (b) TEMPORARY CLOSURES ALLOWED .—Not- withstanding subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture may temporarily close, for a period not to exceed 30 days, Federal land managed by the Secretary to hunting, fishing, or rec-reational shooting if the Secretary deter-mines that the temporary closure is nec-essary to accommodate a special event or for public safety reasons. The Secretary may ex-tend a temporary closure for one additional 90-day period only if the Secretary deter-mines the extension is necessary because of extraordinary weather conditions or for pub-lic safety reasons. (c) A
UTHORITY OF STATES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as affecting the authority, jurisdiction, or responsibility of the several States to manage, control, or regulate fish and resident wildlife under State law or regulations. 
LEAD TEST KIT  S
EC. 429. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce regula-tions under sections 745.84 and 745.86 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, or any sub-sequent amendments to such regulations, until the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency— (1) publicizes Environmental Protection Agency recognition of a commercially avail-able lead test kit that meets both criteria under section 745.88(c) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations; or (2) solicits public comment on alternatives to subpart E of part 745 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, following the date of enactment of this Act. 
FINANCIAL ASSURANCE  S
EC. 430. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to develop, propose, finalize, implement, enforce, or administer any regulation that would establish new fi-nancial responsibility requirements pursuant to section 108(b) of the Comprehensive Envi-ronmental Response, Compensation, and Li-ability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9608(b)). 
GHG NSPS  S
EC. 431. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used to propose, finalize, implement, or enforce— (1) any standard of performance under sec-tion 111(b) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7411(b)) for any new fossil fuel-fired elec-tricity utility generating unit if the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency’s determination that a technology is adequately demonstrated includes consider-ation of one or more facilities for which as-sistance is provided (including any tax cred-it) under subtitle A of title IV of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15961 et seq.) or section 48A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; (2) any regulation or guidance under sec-tion 111(b) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7411(b)) establishing any standard of per-formance for emissions of any greenhouse gas from any modified or reconstructed source that is a fossil fuel-fired electric util-ity generating unit; or (3) any regulation or guidance under sec-tion 111(d) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7411(d)) that applies to the emission of any greenhouse gas by an existing source that is a fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating unit. 
AVAILABILITY OF VACANT GRAZING  
ALLOTMENTS  S
EC. 432. The Secretary of the Interior, with respect to public lands administered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4742 July 12, 2016 
the Bureau of Land Management, and the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to the National Forest System lands, shall make vacant grazing allotments available to a holder of a grazing permit or lease issued by either Secretary if the lands covered by the permit or lease or other grazing lands used by the holder of the permit or lease are unus-able because of drought or wildfire, as deter-mined by the Secretary concerned. The terms and conditions contained in a permit or lease made available pursuant to this sec-tion shall be the same as the terms and con-ditions of the most recent permit or lease that was applicable to the vacant grazing al-lotment made available. Section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) shall not apply with respect to any Federal agency action under this sec-tion. 
PROTECTION OF WATER RIGHTS  S
EC. 433. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to con-dition the issuance, renewal, amendment, or extension of any permit, approval, license, lease, allotment, easement, right-of-way, or other land use or occupancy agreement on the transfer of any water right, including sole and joint ownership, directly to the United States, or any impairment of title, in whole or in part, granted or otherwise recog-nized under State law, by Federal or State adjudication, decree, or other judgment, or pursuant to any interstate water compact. Additionally, none of the funds made avail-able in this or any other Act may be used to require any water user to apply for or ac-quire a water right in the name of the United States under State law as a condition of the issuance, renewal, amendment, or extension of any permit, approval, license, lease, allot-ment, easement, right-of-way, or other land use or occupancy agreement. 
LIMITATION ON STATUS CHANGES  S
EC. 434. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used to propose, finalize, implement, or enforce any regulation or guidance under Section 612 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7671k) that changes the status from acceptable to unacceptable for purposes of the Significant New Alternatives Policy (SNAP) program of any hydrofluorocarbon used as a refrigerant or in foam blowing agents, applications or uses. Nothing in this section shall prevent EPA from approving new materials, applications or uses as ac-ceptable under the SNAP program. 
USE OF AMERICAN IRON AND STEEL  S
EC. 435. (a)(1) None of the funds made available by a State water pollution control revolving fund as authorized by section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j-12) shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or re-pair of a public water system or treatment works unless all of the iron and steel prod-ucts used in the project are produced in the United States. (2) In this section, the term ‘‘iron and steel’’ products means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or un-lined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other municipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply in any case or category of cases in which the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Administrator’’) finds that— (1) applying subsection (a) would be incon-sistent with the public interest; (2) iron and steel products are not produced in the United States in sufficient and reason-ably available quantities and of a satisfac-tory quality; or (3) inclusion of iron and steel products pro-duced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. (c) If the Administrator receives a request for a waiver under this section, the Adminis-trator shall make available to the public on an informal basis a copy of the request and information available to the Administrator concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the request for at least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the request. The Administrator shall make the request and accompanying infor-mation available by electronic means, in-cluding on the official public Internet Web site of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy. (d) This section shall be applied in a man-ner consistent with United States obliga-tions under international agreements. (e) The Administrator may retain up to 0.25 percent of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Clean and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds for carrying out the provi-sions described in subsection (a)(1) for man-agement and oversight of the requirements of this section. SOCIAL COST OF CARBON  S
EC. 436. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act shall be used for the social cost of carbon (SCC) to be incor-porated into any rulemaking or guidance document until a new Interagency Working Group (IWG) revises the estimates using the discount rates and the domestic-only limita-tion on benefits estimates in accordance with Executive Order 12866 and OMB Circular A-4 as of January 1, 2015: Provided, That such IWG shall provide to the public all docu-ments, models, and assumptions used in de-veloping the SCC and solicit public comment prior to finalizing any revised estimates. 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR DESIGNATED  
REPRESENTATIVES  S
EC. 437. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to im-plement or enforce, or to require States to implement or enforce, the provisions of 40 CFR 170.311(b)(9) as published in the Federal Register on November 2, 2015. 
OZONE  S
EC. 438. To implement the national ambi-ent air quality standards for ozone published in the Federal Register on October 26, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 65292): (1) the Governor of each State shall des-ignate areas of the State as attainment, non-attainment, or unclassifiable with respect to the standards not later than October 26, 2024; (2) the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency shall promulgate final designations for all areas in all States with respect to the standards not later than October 26, 2025; (3) each State shall submit the plan re-quired by section 110(a)(1) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7410(a)(1)) for the standards not later than October 26, 2026; (4) the standards shall not apply to the re-view and disposition of a preconstruction permit application required under part C or D of title I of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7470 et seq.) if the Administrator or the State, local or tribal permitting authority, as applicable, has determined the application to be complete prior to the date of promulga-tion of final designations, or has published a public notice of a preliminary determination or draft permit before the date that is 60 days after the date of promulgation of final designations; and (5) the provisions of subsections (1) through (4) above shall apply notwith-standing the deadlines set forth in Section 107(d) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7407(d)) and Section 110(a)(1) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7410(a)(1)). METHANE EMISSIONS  S
EC. 439. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used to develop, propose, finalize, implement or enforce— (1) any rule or guideline to address meth-ane emissions from sources in the oil and natural gas sector under Sections 111(b) or (d) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7411(b), 7411(d)); (2) any rule changing the term ‘‘adjacent’’ for purposes of defining ‘‘stationary source’’ and ‘‘major source’’ as applied to the oil and gas sector under the Clean Air Act; and (3) proposed Draft Control Techniques Guidelines for the Oil and Natural Gas Indus-try released September 18, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 56577 ). 
ROYALTY RATES  S
EC. 440. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement any changes to royalty rates or product valu-ation regulations under Federal coal, oil, and gas leasing programs. 
PROGRAM REVIEW  S
EC. 441. (a) T ERMINATION .—Secretarial Order 3338, issued by the Secretary of the In-terior on January 15, 2016, shall have no force or effect on and after the earlier of— (1) September 30, 2017; or (2) the date of publication of notice under subsection (b). (b) P
UBLICATION OF NOTICE .—The Secretary of the Interior shall promptly publish notice of the completion of the Programmatic Envi-ronmental Impact Statement directed to be prepared under that order. 
NATIONAL GALLERY OF ART  S
EC. 442. Section 6301(2) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘The National Gallery of Art’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) The National Gal-lery of Art’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respec-tively; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) All other buildings, serv-ice roads, walks, and other areas within the exterior boundaries of any real estate or land or interest in land (including temporary use) that the National Gallery of Art acquires and that the Director of the National Gal-lery of Art determines to be necessary for the adequate protection of individuals or property in the National Gallery of Art and suitable for administration as a part of the National Gallery of Art.’’. 
BLM PLANNING 2 .0 RULEMAKING ON LAND USE  
PLANNING PROCEDURES  S
EC. 443. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to promulgate, im-plement, administer, or enforce the rule pub-lished by the Bureau of Land Management in the Federal Register on February 25, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 9673 et seq.; Fed. Reg. Doc. No. 2016–03232), to amend subparts 1601 and 1610 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations, which establish the procedures used to pre-pare, revise, or amend land use plans pursu-ant to the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), until the Secretary of the Interior provides an ad-ditional 90-day period for public comments on the proposed rule and holds at least one more public meeting on the proposed rule in each of the eleven contiguous Western States (as defined in section 103(o) of such Act (43 U.S.C. 1702(o))), Texas. and Oklahoma. 
HUMANE TRANSFER OF EXCESS ANIMALS  S
EC. 444. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary of the Interior may transfer excess wild horses or burros 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4743 July 12, 2016 
that have been removed from the public lands to other Federal, State, and local gov-ernment agencies for use as work animals: Provided, That the Secretary may make any such transfer immediately upon request of such Federal, State, or local government agency: Provided further, That any excess animal transferred under this provision shall lose its status as a wild free-roaming horse or burro as defined in the Wild Free-Roaming Horses and Burros Act: Provided further, That any Federal, State, or local government agency receiving excess wild horses or burros as authorized in this section shall not de-stroy the horses or burros in a way that re-sults in their destruction into commercial products, or sell or otherwise transfer the horses in a way that results in their destruc-tion for processing into commercial prod-ucts. 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TREATMENT  
OF LESSER PRAIRIE CHICKEN UNDER ENDAN -
GERED SPECIES ACT OF 1973  S
EC. 445. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used to treat the lesser prairie chicken as an endangered species or threatened species, or a candidate for listing as such a species, under the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
INDIAN HEALTH GOVERNING BOARD  S
EC. 446. Not later than six months after the date of receipt by the Secretary of Health and Human Services of a written re-quest from the tribe or tribes served by a hospital operated by the Indian Health Serv-ice, the Secretary shall install a governance board exclusively for such hospital for a trial period of three years: Provided, That the gov-ernance board shall be comprised of Indian Health Service senior executives, elected tribal officials, and hospital administration experts outside of the Indian Health Service system: Provided further, that the governance board shall follow industry-wide best prac-tices: Provided further, that the governance board shall approve, oversee the implemen-tation of, and evaluate metrics of quality care, patient safety and satisfaction, and fi-nance: Provided further, that the governance board shall work with the Indian Health Service on developing standards and proce-dures for employee recruitment, retention, training, communication, and dismissal to assure consistency with other high per-forming federally run health facilities: Pro- vided further, that the hospital shall have a chief executive officer hired and accountable to the Director of the Indian Health Service who shall be a liaison between the Indian Health Service and the governance board: Provided further, that the chief executive of-ficer shall retain authority for all hospital personnel matters in accordance with exist-ing law: Provided further, that the chief exec-utive officer and the governance board shall sign a memorandum of understanding to share all pertinent hospital information while protecting individual privacy rights in accordance with existing law: Provided fur-ther, that the Secretary shall replace the chief executive officer upon receipt of a writ-ten request by the governance board: Pro- vided further, that the governance board shall meet at the hospital regularly: Provided fur-ther, that the governance board shall regu-larly communicate to the affected tribe or tribes, to the Secretary, and to the Congress: Provided further, that at the end of the trial period, the governance board shall publish and disseminate a report evaluating the aforementioned metrics and providing rec-ommendations for any other tribe or tribes wanting to establish a similar governance board at any other hospital operated by the Indian Health Service: Provided further, that if a tribe moves from direct service delivery to delivery through contracting or com-pacting pursuant to Public Law 93–638, the tribe involved in the pilot has the oppor-tunity to end the pilot and the opportunity to collaborate with the Indian Health Serv-ice to reconfigure a governance structure in which that Indian Health Service may upon request continue its participation in the gov-ernance structure in a contracted or com-pacted arrangement. SCIENTIFICALLY SUPPORTED IMPLEMENTATION  
OF OMR FLOW REQUIREMENTS  S
EC. 447. (a) To maximize water supplies for the Central Valley Project and the State Water Project, in implementing the provi-sions of the smelt biological opinion or salmonid biological opinion, or any suc-cessor biological opinions or court orders, pertaining to management of reverse flow in the Old and Middle Rivers, the Secretary of the Interior shall— (1) consider the relevant provisions of the applicable biological opinions or any suc-cessor biological opinions; (2) manage export pumping rates to achieve a reverse OMR flow rate of ¥5,000 cubic feet per second unless existing infor-mation or that developed by the Secretary of the Interior under paragraphs (3) and (4) leads the Secretary to reasonably conclude, using the best scientific and commercial data available, that a less negative OMR flow rate is necessary to avoid a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of the species covered by the smelt biological opinion or salmonid biological opinion. If the best scientific and commercial data avail-able to the Secretary indicates that a re-verse OMR flow rate more negative than ¥5,000 cubic feet per second can be estab-lished without an imminent negative impact on the long-term survival of the species cov-ered by the smelt biological opinion or salmonid biological opinion, the Secretary shall manage export pumping rates to achieve that more negative OMR flow rate; (3) document, in writing, any significant facts about real-time conditions relevant to the determinations of OMR reverse flow rates, including— (A) whether targeted real-time fish moni-toring pursuant to this section, including monitoring in the vicinity of Station 902, in-dicates that a significant negative impact on the long-term survival of species covered by the smelt biological opinion or salmonid bio-logical opinion is imminent; and (B) whether near-term forecasts with avail-able models show under prevailing condi-tions that OMR flow of ¥5,000 cubic feet per second or higher will cause a significant neg-ative impact on the long-term survival of species covered by the smelt biological opin-ion or salmonid biological opinion; (4) show, in writing, that any determina-tion to manage OMR reverse flow at rates less negative than ¥5,000 cubic feet per sec-ond is necessary to avoid a significant nega-tive impact on the long-term survival of spe-cies covered by the smelt biological opinion or salmonid biological opinion, and provide, in writing, an explanation of the data exam-ined and the connection between those data and the choice made, after considering— (A) the distribution of Delta smelt throughout the Delta; (B) the potential effects of documented, quantified entrainment on subsequent Delta smelt abundance; (C) the water temperature; (D) other significant factors relevant to the determination; and (E) whether any alternative measures could have a substantially lesser water sup-ply impact; and (5) for any subsequent smelt biological opinion or salmonid biological opinion, make the showing required in paragraph (4) for any determination to manage OMR reverse flow at rates less negative than the most negative limit in the biological opinion if the most negative limit in the biological opinion is more negative than ¥5,000 cubic feet per sec-ond. (b) NOREINITIATION OF CONSULTATION .—In implementing or at the conclusion of actions under subsection (a), the Secretary of the In-terior or the Secretary of Commerce shall not reinitiate consultation on those adjusted operations unless there is a significant nega-tive impact on the long-term survival of the species covered by the smelt biological opin-ion or salmonid biological opinion. Any ac-tion taken under subsection (a) that does not create a significant negative impact on the long-term survival to species covered by the smelt biological opinion or salmonid biologi-cal opinion will not alter application of the take permitted by the incidental take state-ment in the biological opinion under section 7(o)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973. (c) C
ALCULATION OF REVERSE FLOW IN  OMR.—Within 90 days of the enactment of this title, the Secretary of the Interior is di-rected, in consultation with the California Department of Water Resources to revise the method used to calculate reverse flow in Old and Middle Rivers, for implementation of the reasonable and prudent alternatives in the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid bi-ological opinion, and any succeeding biologi-cal opinions, for the purpose of increasing Central Valley Project and State Water Project water supplies. The method of calcu-lating reverse flow in Old and Middle Rivers shall be reevaluated not less than every five years thereafter to achieve maximum export pumping rates within limits established by the smelt biological opinion, the salmonid biological opinion, and any succeeding bio-logical opinions. 
TEMPORARY OPERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY FOR  
FIRST FEW STORMS OF THE WATER YEAR  S
EC. 448. (a) I NGENERAL .—Consistent with avoiding an immediate significant negative impact on the long-term survival upon listed fish species over and above the range of im-pacts authorized under the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 and other environmental pro-tections under subsection (d), the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Com-merce shall authorize the Central Valley Project and the California State Water Project, combined, to operate at levels that result in negative OMR flows at ¥7,500 cubic feet per second (based on United States Geo-logical Survey gauges on Old and Middle Rivers) daily average as described in sub-sections (b) and (c) to capture peak flows during storm events. (b) D
AYS OF TEMPORARY OPERATIONAL  F
LEXIBILITY .—The temporary operational flexibility described in subsection (a) shall be authorized on days that the California De-partment of Water Resources determines the net Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta outflow index is at, or above, 13,000 cubic feet per second. (c) C
OMPLIANCE WITHENDANGERED SPECIES  A
CTAUTHORIZATIONS .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce may continue to im-pose any requirements under the smelt bio-logical opinion and salmonid biological opin-ion during any period of temporary oper-ational flexibility as they determine are rea-sonably necessary to avoid additional sig-nificant negative impacts on the long-term survival of a listed fish species over and above the range of impacts authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, provided that the requirements imposed do not reduce water supplies available for the Central Val-ley Project and the California State Water Project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4744 July 12, 2016 
(d) O THER ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTIONS .— (1) S
TATE LAW .—The actions of the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce under this section shall be con-sistent with applicable regulatory require-ments under State law. The foregoing does not constitute a waiver of sovereign immu-nity. (2) F
IRST SEDIMENT FLUSH .—During the first flush of sediment out of the Sac-ramento-San Joaquin River Delta in each water year, and provided that such deter-mination is based upon objective evidence, OMR flow may be managed at rates less neg-ative than ¥5,000 cubic feet per second for a minimum duration to avoid movement of adult Delta smelt (Hypomesus transpacificus) to areas in the southern Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta that would be likely to increase entrainment at Central Valley Project and California State Water Project pumping plants. (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF OPINION .—This section shall not affect the application of the salmonid biological opinion from April 1 to May 31, unless the Secretary of Commerce finds, based on the best scientific and com-mercial data available, that some or all of such applicable requirements may be ad-justed during this time period to provide emergency water supply relief without re-sulting in additional adverse effects over and above the range of impacts authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. In addi-tion to any other actions to benefit water supply, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall consider allow-ing through-Delta water transfers to occur during this period if they can be accom-plished consistent with section 3405(a)(1)(H) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act. Water transfers solely or exclusively through the California State Water Project that do not require any use of Reclamation facilities or approval by Reclamation are not required to be consistent with section 3405(a)(1)(H) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act. (4) M
ONITORING .—During operations under this section, the Commissioner of Reclama-tion, in coordination with the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, National Marine Fisheries Service, and California Depart-ment of Fish and Wildlife, shall undertake expanded monitoring programs and other data gathering to improve Central Valley Project and California State Water Project water supplies, to ensure incidental take lev-els are not exceeded, and to identify poten-tial negative impacts, if any, and actions necessary to mitigate impacts of the tem-porary operational flexibility to species list-ed under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). (e) E
FFECT OF HIGHOUTFLOWS .—In recogni-tion of the high outflow levels from the Sac-ramento-San Joaquin River Delta during the days this section is in effect under sub-section (b), the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall not count such days toward the 5-day and 14-day run-ning averages of tidally filtered daily Old and Middle River flow requirements under the smelt biological opinion and salmonid bi-ological opinion, as long as the Secretaries avoid significant negative impact on the long-term survival of listed fish species over and above the range of impacts authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. (f) L
EVEL OF DETAIL REQUIRED FOR ANAL-
YSIS.—In articulating the determinations re-quired under this section, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall fully satisfy the requirements herein but shall not be expected to provide a great-er level of supporting detail for the analysis than feasible to provide within the short timeframe permitted for timely decision making in response to changing conditions in the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta. (g) OMR FLOWS .—The Secretary of the In-terior and the Secretary of Commerce shall, through the adaptive management provi-sions in the salmonid biological opinion, limit OMR reverse flow to ¥5,000 cubic feet per second based on date-certain triggers in the salmonid biological opinions only if using real-time migration information on salmonids demonstrates that such action is necessary to avoid a significant negative im-pact on the long-term survival of listed fish species over and above the range of impacts authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. (h) N
OREINITIATION OF CONSULTATION .—In implementing or at the conclusion of actions under this section, the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall not reinitiate consultation on those adjusted operations if there is no im-mediate significant negative impact on the long-term survival of listed fish species over and above the range of impacts authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. Any action taken under this section that does not create an immediate significant negative impact on the long-term survival of listed fish species over and above the range of impacts authorized under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 will not alter application of the take permitted by the incidental take statement in those biological opinions under section 7(o)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973. 
STATE WATER PROJECT OFFSET AND WATER  
RIGHTS PROTECTIONS  S
EC. 449. (a) O FFSET FOR STATE WATER  P
ROJECT .— (1) I
MPLEMENTATION IMPACTS .—The Sec-retary of the Interior shall confer with the California Department of Fish and Wildlife in connection with the implementation of this section on potential impacts to any con-sistency determination for operations of the State Water Project issued pursuant to Cali-fornia Fish and Game Code section 2080.1. (2) A
DDITIONAL YIELD .—If, as a result of the application of this section, the California Department of Fish and Wildlife— (A) determines that operations of the State Water Project are inconsistent with the con-sistency determinations issued pursuant to California Fish and Game Code section 2080.1 for operations of the State Water Project; or (B) requires take authorization under Cali-fornia Fish and Game Code section 2081 for operation of the State Water Project in a manner that directly or indirectly results in reduced water supply to the State Water Project as compared with the water supply available under the smelt biological opinion and the salmonid biological opinion; and as a result, Central Valley Project yield is great-er than it otherwise would have been, then that additional yield shall be made available to the State Water Project for delivery to State Water Project contractors to offset that reduced water supply. (3) N
OTIFICATION RELATED TO ENVIRON -
MENTAL PROTECTIONS .—The Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Commerce shall— (A) notify the Director of the California Department of Fish and Wildlife regarding any changes in the manner in which the smelt biological opinion or the salmonid bio-logical opinion is implemented; and (B) confirm that those changes are con-sistent with the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). (b) A
REA OF ORIGIN AND WATER RIGHTS  P
ROTECTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary of Commerce, in car-rying out the mandates of this section, shall take no action that— (A) diminishes, impairs, or otherwise af-fects in any manner any area of origin, wa-tershed of origin, county of origin, or any other water rights protection, including rights to water appropriated before Decem-ber 19, 1914, provided under State law; (B) limits, expands or otherwise affects the application of section 10505, 10505.5, 11128, 11460, 11461, 11462, 11463 or 12200 through 12220 of the California Water Code or any other provision of State water rights law, without respect to whether such a provision is spe-cifically referred to in this section; or (C) diminishes, impairs, or otherwise af-fects in any manner any water rights or water rights priorities under applicable law. (2) SECTION 7 OF THE ENDANGERED SPECIES  
ACT.—Any action proposed to be undertaken by the Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Commerce pursuant to both this section and section 7 of the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) shall be undertaken in a manner that does not alter water rights or water rights priorities established by California law or it shall not be undertaken at all. Nothing in this sub-section affects the obligations of the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973. (3) E
FFECT OF ACT .— (A) Nothing in this section affects or modi-fies any obligation of the Secretary of the Interior under section 8 of the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat. 390, chapter 1093). (B) Nothing in this section diminishes, im-pairs, or otherwise affects in any manner any Project purposes or priorities for the al-location, delivery or use of water under ap-plicable law, including the Project purposes and priorities established under section 3402 and section 3406 of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102– 575; 106 Stat. 4706). (c) N
OREDIRECTED ADVERSE IMPACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior and Secretary of Commerce shall not carry out any specific action authorized under this section that will directly or through State agency action indirectly re-sult in the involuntary reduction of water supply to an individual, district, or agency that has in effect a contract for water with the State Water Project or the Central Val-ley Project, including Settlement and Ex-change contracts, refuge contracts, and Friant Division contracts, as compared to the water supply that would be provided in the absence of action under this section, and nothing in this section is intended to modify, amend or affect any of the rights and obliga-tions of the parties to such contracts. (2) A
CTION ON DETERMINATION .—If, after ex-ploring all options, the Secretary of the Inte-rior or the Secretary of Commerce makes a final determination that a proposed action under this section cannot be carried out in accordance with paragraph (1), that Sec-retary— (A) shall document that determination in writing for that action, including a state-ment of the facts relied on, and an expla-nation of the basis, for the decision; (B) may exercise the Secretary’s existing authority, including authority to undertake the drought-related actions otherwise ad-dressed in this title, or to otherwise comply with other applicable law, including the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and (C) shall comply with subsection (a). (d) A
LLOCATIONS FOR SACRAMENTO VALLEY  W
ATER SERVICE CONTRACTORS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) E
XISTING CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT AG -
RICULTURAL WATER SERVICE CONTRACTOR  
WITHIN THE SACRAMENTO RIVER WATERSHED .— The term ‘‘existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractor within the Sacramento River Watershed’’ means 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4745 July 12, 2016 
any water service contractor within the Shasta, Trinity, or Sacramento River divi-sion of the Central Valley Project that has in effect a water service contract on the date of enactment of this section that provides water for irrigation. (B) Y
EAR TERMS .—The terms ‘‘Above Nor-mal’’, ‘‘Below Normal’’, ‘‘Dry’’, and ‘‘Wet’’, with respect to a year, have the meanings given those terms in the Sacramento Valley Water Year Type (40–30–30) Index. (2) A
LLOCATIONS OF WATER .— (A) A
LLOCATIONS .—Subject to subsection (c), the Secretary of the Interior shall make every reasonable effort in the operation of the Central Valley Project to allocate water provided for irrigation purposes to each ex-isting Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractor within the Sac-ramento River Watershed in accordance with the following: (i) Not less than 100 percent of the contract quantity of the existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service con-tractor within the Sacramento River Water-shed in a ‘‘Wet’’ year. (ii) Not less than 100 percent of the con-tract quantity of the existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service Con-tractor within the Sacramento River Water-shed in an ‘‘Above Normal’’ year. (iii) Not less than 100 percent of the con-tract quantity of the existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service con-tractor within the Sacramento River Water-shed in a ‘‘Below Normal’’ year that is pre-ceded by an ‘‘Above Normal’’ or ‘‘Wet’’ year. (iv) Not less than 50 percent of the con-tract quantity of the existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service con-tractor within the Sacramento River Water-shed in a ‘‘Dry’’ year that is preceded by a ‘‘Below Normal’’, ‘‘Above Normal’’, or ‘‘Wet’’ year. (v) Subject to clause (ii), in any other year not identified in any of clauses (i) through (iv), not less than twice the allocation per-centage to south-of-Delta Central Valley Project agricultural water service contrac-tors, up to 100 percent. (B) E
FFECT OF CLAUSE .—Nothing in clause (A)(v) precludes an allocation to an existing Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractor within the Sacramento River Watershed that is greater than twice the allocation percentage to a south-of-Delta Central Valley Project agricultural water service contractor. (3) P
ROTECTION OF ENVIRONMENT , MUNICIPAL  
AND INDUSTRIAL SUPPLIES , AND OTHER CON -
TRACTORS .— (A) E
NVIRONMENT .—Nothing in paragraph (2) shall adversely affect— (i) the cold water pool behind Shasta Dam; (ii) the obligation of the Secretary of the Interior to make water available to managed wetlands pursuant to section 3406(d) of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4722); or (iii) any obligation— (I) of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce under the smelt bio-logical opinion, the salmonid biological opin-ion, or any other applicable biological opin-ion; or (II) under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) or any other ap-plicable law (including regulations). (B) M
UNICIPAL AND INDUSTRIAL SUPPLIES .— Nothing in paragraph (2)— (i) modifies any provision of a water Serv-ice contract that addresses municipal or in-dustrial water shortage policies of the Sec-retary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce; (ii) affects or limits the authority of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce to adopt or modify municipal and industrial water shortage policies; (iii) affects or limits the authority of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce to implement a municipal or industrial water shortage policy; (iv) constrains, governs, or affects, directly or indirectly, the operations of the American River division of the Central Valley Project or any deliveries from that division or a unit or facility of that division; or (v) affects any allocation to a Central Val-ley Project municipal or industrial water service contractor by increasing or decreas-ing allocations to the contractor, as com-pared to the allocation the contractor would have received absent paragraph (2). (C) OTHER CONTRACTORS .—Nothing in sub-section (b)— (i) affects the priority of any individual or entity with Sacramento River water rights, including an individual or entity with a Sac-ramento River settlement contract, that has priority to the diversion and use of Sac-ramento River water over water rights held by the United States for operations of the Central Valley Project; (ii) affects the obligation of the United States to make a substitute supply of water available to the San Joaquin River exchange contractors; (iii) affects the allocation of water to Friant division contractors of the Central Valley Project; (iv) results in the involuntary reduction in contract water allocations to individuals or entities with contracts to receive water from the Friant division; or (v) authorizes any actions inconsistent with State water rights law. S
EC. 450. None of the funds in this Act shall be available to implement the Stipulation of Settlement (Natural Resources Defense Council, et al. v. Kirk Rodgers, et al., East-ern District of California, No. Civ. 9 S–88–1658 LKK/GGH) or subtitle A of title X of Public Law 111–11. S
EC. 451. None of the funds in this Act shall be available for the purchase of water in the State of California to supplement instream flow within a river basin that has suffered a drought within the last two years. S
EC. 452. The Commissioner of Reclama-tion is directed to work with local water and irrigation districts in the Stanislaus River Basin to ascertain the water storage made available by the Draft Plan of Operations in New Melones Reservoir (DRPO) for water conservation programs, conjunctive use projects, water transfers, rescheduled project water and other projects to maximize water storage and ensure the beneficial use of the water resources in the Stanislaus River Basin. All such programs and projects shall be implemented according to all applicable laws and regulations. The source of water for any such storage program at New Melones Reservoir shall be made available under a valid water right, consistent with the State water transfer guidelines and any other ap-plicable State water law. The Commissioner shall inform the Congress within 18 months setting forth the amount of storage made available by the DRPO that has been put to use under this program, including proposals received by the Commissioner from inter-ested parties for the purpose of this section. S
EC. 453. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to make a Presi-dential declaration by public proclamation of a national monument under chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code in the coun-ties of Coconino, Maricopa, Mohave and Yavapai in the State of Arizona, in the coun-ties of Modoc and Siskiyou in the State of California, in the counties of Chaffee, Conejos, Dolores, Moffat, Montezuma, and Park in the State of Colorado, in the coun-ties of Carson City, Churchill, Clark, Doug-las, Elko, Eureka, Humboldt, Lander, Lin-coln, Lyon, Nye, Pershing, Storey and Washoe in the State of Nevada, in the county of Otero in the State of New Mexico, in the counties of Jackson, Josephine and, Malheur in the State of Oregon, in the counties of Beaver, Carbon, Duchesne, Emery, Garfield, Iron, Juab, Kane, Millard, Piute, San Juan, Sanpete, Sevier, Tooele, Uintah, Wash-ington, and Wayne in the State of Utah, or in the county of Penobscot in the State of Maine. SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 454. The amount by which the applica-ble allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. 
The CHAIR. Are there any points of order against that portion of the bill? 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I raise a point of order against section 128—that is, page 71, lines 19 through 25—of an otherwise excellent H.R. 5538 for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI. This provision proposes to construe existing law by approving after the fact certain actions of the Secretary of the Interior found to vio-late section 5 of the Indian Reorganiza-tion Act of 1939 by the Supreme Court in the case of Carcieri v. Salazar. That case held that lands taken into trust by the Secretary of the Interior for tribes that were not federally recog-nized on June 18, 1934, were invalid. This constitutes legislation on an ap-propriations bill in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Minnesota. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, if I could ask Chairman B
ISHOP to a ques-tion, I just want to be clear. Is the chairman planning on moving the Carcieri language that has been in his committee for quite a while? The CHAIR. The gentlewoman may argue on the point of order only. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Oh, I am sorry. Thank you. The CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? The Chair is prepared to rule. The Chair finds that this provision construes existing law by deeming specified lands to be trust land. The provision, therefore, constitutes legis-lation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. The point of order is sustained, and the provision is stricken from the bill. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in House Re-port 114–683, amendments en bloc de-scribed in section 3 of House Resolu-tion 820, and pro forma amendments described in section 4 of that resolu-tion. Each amendment printed in the re-port shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be of-fered only by a Member designated in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.037 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4746 July 12, 2016 
the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment except as provided by section 4 of House Resolution 820, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. It shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Appro-priations or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations or their re-spective designees, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 4 of House Resolution 820, and shall not be subject to a demand for di-vision of the question. During consideration of the bill for amendment, the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective des-ignees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
FLORIDA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–683. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 22, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(increased by $2,434,000)’’. Page 38, line 20, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,434,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 820, the gentlewoman from Flor-ida (Ms. C
ASTOR ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, my amendment increases the law enforcement budget for America’s na-tional wildlife refuges by $2.4 million to match the President’s budget re-quest. The plus-up would be fully offset from the account relating to the Office of the Secretary. Mr. Chairman, America’s national wildlife refuges encompass millions and millions of acres of public con-servation lands and waters that pro-vide endless opportunities for families to fish and enjoy the great outdoors. Our wildlife refuges are extremely pop-ular, with over 48 million visitors an-nually, but many folks do not know they are suffering from a serious short-fall in law enforcement protection. In May of 2015, the International As-sociation of Chiefs of Police rec-ommended substantial increases to law enforcement resources for our national wildlife refuges. The report detailed the urgent need for officers to counter nefarious activities like drug produc-tion and smuggling, wildlife poaching, illegal border activity, assaults, and a variety of natural resource violations. This is consistent with what I hear at home in the Tampa Bay area. I rep-resent the Egmont Key National Wild-life Refuge. It is part of a massive 30,000-acre national wildlife refuge complex, the Chassahowitzka on the west coast of Florida along the Gulf of Mexico. That 30,000 acres has two law enforcement officers assigned to it, and this is a busy, busy tourist area. People really enjoy the wildlife refuges, but they are really suffering from a lot of nefarious activities. We need these additional funds, and with the additional funds, the Service should prioritize hiring additional Fed-eral wildlife officers to serve the urban refuges and obtain equipment that is necessary to protect the resources and protect the visitors. In 2014, Service Federal wildlife offi-cers managed over 42,000 service-re-lated incidents, crimes, and request for services. That was a 20 percent increase from 2013, which included rapes, rob-beries, kidnappings, assaults, bur-glaries, larcenies, motor vehicle thefts, natural resource violations, timber thefts, arsons, trespassing, poaching, hunting and fishing violations, undocu-mented person apprehensions. In 2015, there were over 306 serious incidents reported, a 6 percent increase over the previous year. My home State of Florida is blessed with beautiful bays and rivers and coastline. We have the most wildlife refuges in the country, with 29, includ-ing the three in Tampa Bay: The beau-tiful Egmont Key Wildlife Refuge, Pinellas, and Passage Key. These are areas we have to protect, and we have to protect the visitors that enjoy our wildlife refuges. The number of visitors is increasing every year, and we can’t ignore the shortage of law enforcement officers anymore. This is an ongoing shortage that must be addressed. I urge my col-leagues to address this important pub-lic safety issue and adopt the Castor amendment. I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of Ms. C
ASTOR ’s amend-ment. This amendment seeks additional funding for the refuge law enforcement, which we saw here the national wildlife refuge highlight the need for adequate law enforcement to protect our na-tional wildlife refuge. This amendment will also ensure that refuge law enforcement, along with others in the Interior bill who provide law enforcement, will make sure that our visitors and our public employees and our natural resources all remain safe, and especially that these men and women can come home to their loved ones at the end of their shift. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rec-ognize and support the need for a right size law enforcement presence wher-ever people visit Federal lands, but this amendment would implement the budget request to hire 16 more Federal wildlife fire officers primarily in urban areas. Urban areas already have a strong local law enforcement presence, so the Federal Government should first look to contract with local law enforcement before deciding to hire more Federal officers. Furthermore, of all the law enforcement responsibilities covered in this bill, the biggest gap exists on In-dian reservations, where 911 response times are often measured in hours and days instead of minutes. Before we pull more money out of the account that pays unsung civil serv-ants to carry out the most funda-mental functions of the department, let’s make sure we are putting the dol-lars where they are needed the most. I encourage the rest of my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I appreciate Chairman CALVERT ’s comments, but I can speak from per-sonal experience. Our local law en-forcement officers are overworked and often not equipped to handle the con-cerns on our national wildlife refuges. This is a Federal responsibility, to pro-tect these conservation lands, to pro-tect the visitors who are hunting and fishing who are sometimes disturbing natural resource areas. I mean, look at that list. It is really surprising: rapes and robberies and kidnappings and assaults. We can do better than this. We have to do every-thing we can to keep our neighbors safe at home and to protect our natural lands. I urge adoption of the Castor amend-ment so that we can address this im-portant public safety issue. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I op-pose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. CASTOR. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Florida will be postponed. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.088 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4747 July 12, 2016 
COLE), a valued member of our Interior Subcommittee, for the purpose of a col-loquy. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I would like to thank the chairman for his extraordinary work on this leg-islation. Furthermore, both he and Chairman B
ISHOP of the Committee on Natural Resources have graciously tried to resolve a matter of great sig-nificance to Indian Country. Beginning in the late 16th century, the size of so-called Indian Country, in what later became the United States, has steadily diminished. To reverse this trend, in 1934 Congress passed a law which allowed the Federal Govern-ment to take land into trust for the benefit of Indian tribes. Interior has done so for the past 82 years. Interior’s ability to take land into trust for all tribes was questioned in 2009 following the Supreme Court’s opinion in the Carcieri v. Salazar deci-sion. The Carcieri opinion cast doubt on whether Interior has the ability to take land into trust for the benefit of tribes if they were not ‘‘under Federal jurisdiction’’ in 1934. Since then, Indian tribes have been threatened by legal challenges to the status of their trust lands. The possi-bility of litigation chills economic and infrastructure development on trust lands. Together we have worked closely with the House Committee on Natural Resources on a provision that would have settled any dispute as to the sta-tus of a trust land up to the Carcieri decision of 2009. I come to the House floor today to express my gratitude for that effort. b1730 I would like to stress that this provi-sion had nothing to do with promoting or enhancing the ability of tribes to build and operate a gaming facility away from reservations or existing land, though, of course, they have every right to operate on existing lands as long as they comply with the provi-sions of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988. In no way is this provision designed to promote off-reservation gaming. Quite frankly, the overwhelming ma-jority of Indian trust lands are used to provide essential government services, such as education, health care, and housing. Well in advance of the Interior Sub-committee markup, a meeting was held between myself, Chairman C
ALVERT , Chairman Y
OUNG , and Chairman B
ISHOP of the Natural Resources Com-mittee. We believed an agreement had been reached between the authorizers and the appropriators. However, fur-ther staff discussions revealed that dif-ferences still remain. For that reason, we have decided to table this matter for the time being and continue work-ing together on a solution amenable to all parties involved. I would like to emphasize that both the authorizers and the appropriators have worked in good faith, and I prom-ise that we will keep doing so. Despite the fact that the so-called Cole provision was stricken from the Interior appropriation bill, I am en-couraged with the progress we have made thus far. There is no easy solu-tion for the Carcieri problem. But if we keep working at it, I am convinced that we can reach an agreement that is acceptable to all parties. Again, I thank the chairman for his work. Mr. CALVERT. Reclaiming my time, I thank my friend and distinguished colleague from Oklahoma and the Chickasaw Nation. He has been a true leader for Indian Country during his tenure on the Appropriations Com-mittee. I think we can both be proud of the progress we have made, working to-gether in a nonpartisan way with our friends on the other side of the aisle. On the matter of land into trust and the Carcieri decision, I am grateful for the opportunity to work with you, as well as Chairman BISHOP and Chairman Y
OUNG of the Natural Resources Com-mittee, to try to come to an agreement that would affirm land taken into trust before the Carcieri decision and would improve our understanding of how the Department of the Interior arrived at decisions to take land into trust after the Carcieri decision. It has been over 7 years since the Carcieri decision, and tribal, munic-ipal, and State governments continue to struggle in the aftermath. We need to bring clarity and certainty to the matter of land taken into trust on be-half of our American Indian brothers and sisters. Mr. C
OLE, you have my commitment to continue to work with you and the rest of our colleagues on a solution. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 15, line 13, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. Page 38, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,500,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 820, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today to offer an amendment which would provide a modest increase to the operation of the National Park Service account. This August 25 will mark the 100th anniversary of our National Park Serv-ice. Each year, more than 275 million people visit our national parks. Our na-tional parks, heritage areas, monu-ments, and historical sights occupy more than 84 million acres of land in all 50 States and are home to more than 1,000 endangered and threatened animal species. My home State of Rhode Island is home to one of the newest units in the National Park Service, the Blackstone River Valley National Historic Park. The Blackstone Valley marks the birthplace of the American industrial revolution and serves as a monument to the growth of our Nation. Sites like Old Slater Mill in Pawtucket and the Museum of Work and Culture in Woonsocket help tell the story of how America became an economic super-power. It is essential that our national park system receives the funding that is necessary to help tell America’s story and preserve it for generations to come. Being one of the newest units of the park system, Blackstone relies on long- term partnerships built over several decades in cities and towns as well as other public and private partnerships to help define its boundaries and strengthen its economic and cultural impact. However, it relies on Federal dollars, as well, from the National Park Service for its operations, includ-ing seasonal and year-round staff, maintenance of its facilities, and ongo-ing planning for the park’s develop-ment. Unfortunately, this bill has under-funded the account for our national parks significantly below the budget request for fiscal year 2017. As a result, the more than 400 units of the National Park Service, including Blackstone, will be forced to do more with less. This will also be a step backward for the Blackstone River Valley National Historic Park. While the budget increase for Black-stone was modest for this year, it was an essential step forward to continue the momentum needed to allow the park to continue meeting its potential as a vital part of the New England landscape and a driver of economic growth in Rhode Island and Massachu-setts. My amendment makes a modest re-duction of $2.5 million from the depart-mental operations account for the De-partment of the Interior, which re-ceives a funding level in this bill that is more than $470 million above the budget request, and moves it to the op-eration of the National Park Service account, which was underfunded by more than $89 million. This small increase to the Office of National Park Service account will not be enough to make up for the con-straints that the bill places on our na-tional parks, nor will it, of course, guarantee that Blackstone will be able to receive all the resources it truly needs. What it will do is ensure that some additional funds are available that may help Blackstone continue to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.090 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4748 July 12, 2016 
increase the momentum it has built since its establishment in 2014. The extra funds this amendment provides will help provide some relief to our na-tional parks, which provide a critical boost to our economy. According to the National Parks Conservation Association, every dollar the Federal Government invests in our national parks generates $10 in eco-nomic activity. Let’s continue to sup-port these critical investments in our national parks, which are the envy of the world. I urge my colleagues to sup-port my amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. CICILLINE. I yield to the gen-tleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I would urge adoption of the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . HIMES  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ), I offer amendment No. 3. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 15, line 13, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $300,000)(increased by $300,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 820, the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. H
IMES) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chairman, I am de-lighted to offer an amendment that was authored by my good friend and colleague, J
OE COURTNEY of Con-necticut. This is an amendment that would provide, on a budget-neutral basis, $300,000 to the national park system for the New England National Scenic Trail. This is something that is very impor-tant to us in the region of New Eng-land. It is an environmental treasure that is located in the backyards of mil-lions of Connecticut and Massachusetts residents. The trail was officially des-ignated as a National Scenic Trail in 2009, but has long been enjoyed by all southern New Englanders. The New England National Scenic Trail winds through 40 communities, and nearly 2 million people live within 10 miles of it. Starting in Guilford, Connecticut, just outside my district, on the shores of the Long Island Sound, the trail winds northward on a ridgeline tracing the Connecticut River, across the Pioneer Valley high-lands in Massachusetts, and ends at Royalston Falls on the Massachusetts- New Hampshire border. This budget-neutral amendment sim-ply ensures that $300,000 within the op-eration of the National Park System account will be set aside to fund the New England National Scenic Trail. Over a decade ago, the National Park Trail feasibility study recommended that the New England Trail would need an annual operating budget of $271,000 in Federal funding; but the trail has, unfortunately, received an average of less than half that—$127,000 annually, in the NPS operations funding. Of this funding, the National Park Service takes one-third, leaving only about $43,000 for each State to manage this 223-mile-long trail, a trail that winds through some of the most scenic areas of New England and some of the most historic parts of our country with re-spect to the Revolutionary War. The Massachusetts-based Appa-lachian Mountain Club and the Con-necticut Forest and Park Association have done an outstanding job leveraging the minimal $127,000 in funding, raising $1.5 million in non- Federal dollars in 2015 alone. Mr. Chair, this amendment will en-sure stable funding for the New Eng-land Trail and safeguard a high-quality recreational and wilderness experience for the many thousands of trail users in our small, densely populated region of the country. I respectfully urge my colleagues to support this budget-neu-tral amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, unfortu-nately, the bill before us already funds the New England National Scenic Trail at the requested level, so any addi-tional funds are not necessary at this time. I reluctantly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I request a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. H
IMES). The question was taken; and the Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Chair, I demand a re-corded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 28, line 3, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(increased by $15,000,000)’’. Page 28, line 16, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(increased by $15,000,000)’’. Page 73, line 3, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $15,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 820, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. My amendment provides a modest in-crease in grant funding to Appalachian States for the reclamation of aban-doned mine lands in conjunction with economic and community development and reuse goals. Funding for these rec-lamation grants was first established last fiscal year at $90 million, but was provided exclusively to the three Appa-lachian States with the greatest amount of unfunded reclamation needs. Last year, I offered an amendment to expand this program to the next three Appalachian States with the greatest unmet needs. As you might imagine, Virginia is one of those three, with the other two being Alabama and Ohio. I am encouraged that the underlying bill heeds that call and expands these grants to do the next three Appa-lachian States, but the need is far too great in areas like southwest Virginia, and much more can be accomplished with a small increase in this program. My amendment increases the funding level for these grants from $90 million to $105 million, with that additional funding dedicated to setting a more balanced distribution of funds among Appalachian States. This additional funding is needed to really get in and do some work to help these Appa-lachian coal communities that have been economically devastated, while at the same time helping reduce the envi-ronmental impact of unreclaimed mine lands. My office has worked closely with the House Interior Appropriations Committee staff on this amendment language to come to a resolution that ensures that additional support for one Appalachian community does not come at the expense of another Appalachian coal community. This additional support will have a significant impact on economic devel-opment work throughout Appalachia, while being offset by a slight reduction in the EPA’s environmental programs and management account, totaling only one-half of 1 percent of that ac-count, reducing it from $2.527 billion to $2.512 billion. Additionally, I am encouraged that staff at the Congressional Budget Of-fice have determined that my amend-ment would result in a reduction of $6 million in outlays for this fiscal year, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.092 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4749 July 12, 2016 
as the money would be spent out at a slower rate over the coming years than would have occurred under the EPA’s environmental programs and manage-ment account. This program is an essential tool to help reinvigorate coal communities throughout Appalachia struggling with restoring and reclaiming abandoned mine sites in a way that would help put people back to work. I urge Members to support this amendment and support these coal communities that are strug-gling now more than ever. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I very strongly oppose this amendment. It takes more money away from an al-ready starved Environmental Protec-tion Agency. The bill severely cuts the EPA’s main operating accounts by $92 million; $92 million this bill already cuts from the EPA’s operating account. The very air we breathe and the water we drink are endangered by fund-ing and policy decisions already made in this bill, and their consequences will be negatively felt in communities all across this Nation. Now, I understand that the EPA is an easy target cut for many of my col-leagues across the aisle, but I want my colleagues to understand what this amendment would cut, if adopted. The account funds programs that are important to both sides of the aisle, in-cluding permitting for construction projects across the country, toxics risk prevention, and the very successful brownfields program, as well as pes-ticide listing. I appreciate the gentleman’s amend-ment. It shows support for the adminis-tration’s POWER Plus Plan, which is a program it is modeled after. And I un-derstand that the amendment would di-rect more funding to States in Appa-lachia that, I agree, have suffered under the ravaging environmental harm caused by coal mining. But un-fortunately, I cannot support a deeper cut to the EPA, and I must oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. b1745 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment. I appre-ciate the work the gentleman from Vir-ginia and his staff put into crafting an amendment that the committee could support. Any program to help promote economic development in an area so devastated as the Appalachia is worthy of our support, so I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I would just say that I recognize the con-cerns that the opponents to this amendment have; but what we are try-ing to do is to take some money, direct it for an environmental purpose, but also help take the reclaimed mine lands, make them right, make them so that they are the way they are sup-posed to be, and have a purpose that will then allow us to use—whether it be recreational, whether it be some other form of business, but allow us to use those lands for economic development in an area where unemployment is now peaking up over 10 percent, where de-population is constant and where, frankly, Mr. Chairman, we can’t afford more wait-till-next-year approaches from Washington, D.C. I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
LUJA´N OF NEW MEXICO  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 29, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 820, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, if Chairman C
ALVERT  and Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM are able to commit to work with me on this, I do plan to withdraw this amend-ment, and I appreciate the time to be able to share a few words with every-body about why this amendment is so important. I want to say a few words about my amendment and the challenges facing people in my district in New Mexico. My amendment requires the Bureau of Indian Affairs to report, identify, and adjudicate to landowners egress and in-gress easements where they do not exist for landowners on land parcels ad-judicated under the Pueblo Lands Act of 1924. While this sounds like a complex issue, Mr. Chairman, it is a very simple issue, and one that was created back in 1924 with the Pueblo Lands Act. This amendment, Mr. Chairman, is the re-sult of an issue that is specific to the State of New Mexico and the 1924 Pueb-lo Lands Act. In 1924, Congress passed the Pueblo Lands Act, which established the Pueb-lo Lands Board. This board was tasked with adjudicating land claims to Pueb-lo lands, and it took about 6 years, until 1930, for the board to adjudicate these claims between the Pueblos and non-tribal landowners. For the last 80 years, families have been able to buy homes and build homes, pass land on from one genera-tion to the next. Everything had been going well until recently, when the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs alleged a tres-pass on some of the county roads, the County of Santa Fe, which is a local government in the State of New Mex-ico, that provide egress and ingress to the non-tribal residents. Now these residents have been given patents by the United States of Amer-ica. That is what the Pueblo Lands Act did, giving the clearest title to land ownership in the United States of America. But as a result of the BIA letter, the title insurance companies in the State of New Mexico began to refuse issuing title insurance. Now, as we all know, that complicates your ability to buy a home, sell a home, or even refinance a home so that way you can re-roof a home. In some instances, some of the fami-lies were trying to refinance that home because of bills that they have incurred for healthcare purposes; but because they are not able to get title to their home, they are not able to do so. Mr. Chairman, these are families who have their entire savings in their homes, like many of us across America. These are families who have been sav-ing up to build a home in a community where they grew up, where their par-ents grew up, where their grandparents grew up, and now they are fortunate to have a piece of land there. I want to share with you a paragraph from a constituent by the name of Jeff Archuleta that he sent to me. He writes: ‘‘When I grew up and my wife and I started a family of our own, it was easy for me to decide where I wanted to raise our boys. I was fortunate enough to obtain an acre of land from my fa-ther. I don’t know exactly how long this parcel of land had been in my fam-ily, but I can say that it was listed in the San Idelfonso report of 1929 ad-dressing land titles between the pueblo and non-pueblo residents. This docu-ment references land that was in non- pueblo private landowner’s possession prior to the Pueblo Lands Act of 1924. Reference is also made to a Spanish Grant approved by Congress December 22, 1858. At the time of this report, the land belonged to Demetrio and Cat-alina Roybal. They later deeded the land to one of their children, my great uncle Pedro Roybal, who went on to sell it to my father.’’ Mr. Chairman, I worry that we need to address this issue, but that this dis-pute is tearing at the fabric of our communities. For more than 2 years now, I have tried to get anyone from the Bureau of Indian Affairs to provide assistance to me, to provide a way to get this solved. I have asked the BIA for the process and any criteria they used to issue an alleged trespass, and to share their an-tiquated database with the public. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.096 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4750 July 12, 2016 
have asked for maps and historical doc-uments that the BIA considered. Noth-ing was produced. I asked for the chain-of-command that was followed and the BIA’s inter-pretation and understanding of the Pueblo Lands Act of 1924 and the ac-tions of the Pueblo Lands Board. Noth-ing was produced. I even asked the BIA for information related to mediation services, Mr. Chairman, because the fabric of these communities are being torn apart. That is why I felt compelled to offer this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I am happy to work with the gentleman and Ms. M
CCOLLUM in a nonpartisan way to address the concerns of your constitu-ents. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member who has also encouraged us to find a way to work together. I also want to thank Chairman C
AL-
VERT and his staff for being accommo-dating so we can sit down and look at this very important issue that is spe-cific to the State of New Mexico. I yield to the gentlewoman from Min-nesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), the ranking member. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. I look forward to working with the gentleman and with Chairman C
ALVERT on this issue. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I thank everyone. I thank all the staff. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Mexico? There was no objection. The CHAIR. The amendment is with-drawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
LUJA´N OF NEW MEXICO  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 29, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $1,000,000)(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 820, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, this is an amendment that is related to the previous amend-ment that I offered. It was something that I uncovered as I was learning more and more about how to solve the egress-ingress issue pursuant to the 1924 Pueblo Lands Act. Chairman CALVERT , again, with your commitment, and that of Ranking Member M
CCOLLUM , if you are able to work with me on this issue, I plan to withdraw this amendment. This amendment sought to repro-gram $1 million in the Bureau of Indian Affairs funding to require the Bureau of Indian Affairs to update and digitize its inventory of rights-of-way records and to make them publicly available in a commonly used mapping format. Unfortunately, the Bureau of Indian Affairs has long failed to adequately maintain rights-of-way records, and the Bureau is often unable to provide requested documentation to tribes and other stakeholders in a timely manner. For example, when my office asked for information related to the rights- of-way in New Mexico, the Bureau of Indian Affairs could not share it with my office in a timely fashion. And just today, Mr. Chairman, the Pueblo of Zia, a pueblo in the State of New Mexico, provided me documenta-tion that the Pueblo of Zia has asked the Bureau of Indian Affairs for a re-quest of specific rights-of-way informa-tion this past February, February 24, 2016, to be exact. It is now July. The Pueblo of Zia tells me that none of this information has been provided to the pueblo. My argument is this, Mr. Chairman. If this information was made available to the public in a way that the Bureau of Indian Affairs, as I understand it, should already be making available, this information should be readily available. This is simply unacceptable that the information is not being provided, and especially with the trust responsibil-ities the Bureau of Indian Affairs has with tribes as well. Thankfully, I be-lieve there is a commonsense solution. In February 2014, the Tribal Trans-portation Unity Caucus, the National Congress of American Indians, and the Intertribal Transportation Association, jointly developed recommendations for a highway reauthorization, including one to improve the Bureau of Indian Affairs’ rights-of-way management. They suggested requiring the BIA to update and computerize rights-of-way documentation and make them avail-able in a commonly used mapping for-mat. The National Congress of Amer-ican Indians then passed a resolution endorsing these recommendations in April of 2014. Unfortunately, this com-monsense provision didn’t make it into the highway bill, which is why I am of-fering the amendment today. Too often, the BIA’s mismanagement of these records disrupts and slows down projects that are important to tribes and surrounding communities while creating unnecessary conflict. Mr. Chairman, if we can map the human genome, then surely the BIA can map a few roads, manage its rights-of-way records, and build an ac-cessible, public database to provide certainty to tribes, local governments, and State governments, and other stakeholders. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, again, I am happy to work with the gen-tleman and Ms. M
CCOLLUM in a non-partisan way to address these issues, and I look forward to working with him to resolve this for his constitu-ents. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. I thank Chairman C
ALVERT again for his leadership and for his staff again. I appreciate the time to work together. And, again, Ranking Member M
CCOL-
LUM, to you and the minority staff, thank you for all that you do. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-sent to withdraw the amendment. The CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Mexico? There was no objection. The CHAIR. The amendment is with-drawn. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 7 will not be offered. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
ICE of South Carolina) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate disagrees to the amendment of the House to the bill (S. 2012) ‘‘An Act to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other pur-poses.’’, and agrees to the request by the House for a conference on the dis-agreeing votes of the two Houses there-on, and appoints Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. S AND-
ERSto be the conferees on the part of the Senate. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 38, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 820, the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Ranking Member B
ETTY  M
CCOLLUM . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.099 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4751 July 12, 2016 
We can raise the living standards for working families all over the country right now if we use Federal dollars to create good jobs. The United States Government is the largest buyer of goods and services in the world, and the United States Government should use that power to create good jobs and to create a high-road economy for all Americans. My amendment would reprogram funds to create an Office of Good Jobs in the Interior Department that would do the following: it would help ensure the Department’s procurement, grant- making, and regulatory decisions en-courage the creation of decently paid jobs, collective bargaining rights, and responsible employment practices. Mr. Chairman, it is important for all Americans to know that more than 1 in 5 Americans are employed by compa-nies with Federal contracts. Right now the U.S. Government is America’s lead-ing low-wage job creator. That is right. The United States Gov-ernment, at this very hour, funds over 2 million low-paying jobs through con-tracts, loans, and grants with cor-porate America. That is why more than the total number—the total number of low-wage workers employed by Walmart and McDonalds combined do not equal the number of low-wage jobs funded by the United States Govern-ment. b1800 That is right. Wal-Mart and McDon-ald’s combined have fewer low-wage jobs than are funded by the Federal Government right now. U.S. contract workers earn so little that nearly 40 percent of them use public assistance programs like food stamps and Section 8 to feed and shelter their families. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support this amendment. This Office of Good Jobs would help ensure that the Interior contracting employ-ment decisions encourage the creation of decent paid jobs, implementation of fair labor practices, and responsible employer practices. The Federal Government should set an example to the Nation when it comes to contracting decisions, and the office will guide Interior to make re-sponsible contracting employment de-cisions. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R
ICE of South Carolina). The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is duplicative. It ignores the existing contractor award system that is already in place. Contracting officers must already consult the sys-tem for award management to ensure a contractor can be awarded a contract. Businesses on the excluded parties list system have been suspended or debarred through a due process system and may not be eligible to receive or renew Federal contracts for such cited offenses. The best way to ensure that the gov-ernment contracts with or provides grants to the best employers is to en-force the existing suspension and de-barment system. Bad actors who are in violation of the basic worker protections should not be awarded Federal contracts. That is why the Federal Government already has a system in place to deny Federal contracts to bad actors. If a contractor fails to maintain high standards of in-tegrity and business ethics, agencies already have the authority to suspend or debar the employer from govern-ment contracting. In 2014, Federal agencies issued more than 1,000 suspen-sions and nearly 2,000 debarments to employers who bid on Federal con-tracts. The amendment would delay the pro-curement process with harmful con-sequences. On numerous occasions, the nonpartisan Government Account-ability Office has highlighted costly litigation stemming from complex reg-ulatory rules, including from the Fair Labor Standards Act. This amendment punishes employers who may unknowingly or unwillingly get caught in the Federal Govern-ment’s maze of bureaucratic rules and reporting requirements. The procure-ment process is already plagued by delays and inefficiencies. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remain-ing? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 21⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, let me point out that the gentleman confuses the debarment process, which says that we are going to look at the very worst actors and exclude them and the Office of Good Jobs, which would say that we will use education and we will use prioritization to make sure that the best employers are the ones that the American taxpayer is going to employ in order to award contracts. It is just a simple matter of understanding the dif-ference between excluding the very worst and rewarding the best. I think that the American people would like to see the Federal Govern-ment say: You are a good employer, you pay good wages and good benefits, and we think that that kind of practice is the kind of thing we like to see, and, therefore, our Office of Good Jobs is going to prioritize such businesses. Time and time again, we hear Mem-bers of the party opposite confuse the debarment process with the Office of Good Jobs concept. It is a big dif-ference, and I think that the American people would agree that where we find the best practices, we should reward them, not simply create a big, big bot-tle, a big, big vat of the best competing with the mediocre, and then exclude the very, very worst. I just want to make this point. This is good for good contractors in many ways, because if you are an excellent contractor and you go out of your way to reward good workers and help create a hybrid economy, you are still com-peting with the people who are doing the bare minimum they can just to avoid debarment. I think that is not fair to good contractors. I think good contractors ought to be rewarded. I think that if we establish this Of-fice of Good Jobs, what we will see is a general wave throughout our economy as the private sector will look to the Federal Government as to what the best ways to create a fair economy could be, and we would see a greater measure of economic equality and op-portunity throughout the land. I just want to say that if the system we had was adequate, why, then, would we have 40 percent of all people who work for Federal contractors eligible for Federal Government programs, like Section 8 and food stamps? Why would we see that? Well, because we are not prioritizing good jobs. We are just say-ing that if you are a lawbreaker, you will be excluded, but other than that, we don’t really care. An Office of Good Jobs would change that. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. It is intended that the appropriation for De-partmental Operations in the Office of the Sec-retary at the United States Interior Department be used to establish an Office of Good Jobs in the Department aimed at ensuring that the Department’s procurement, grant-making, and regulatory decisions encourage the creation of decently paid jobs, collective bargaining rights, and responsible employment practices. The office’s structure shall be substantially similar to the Centers for Faith-Based and Neighbor-hood Partnerships located within the Depart-ment of Education, Department of Housing and Urban Development, Department of Homeland Security, Department of Health and Human Services, Department of Labor, De-partment of Agriculture, and Department of Commerce, Department of Veterans Affairs, U.S. Department of State, Small Business Ad-ministration, Environmental Protection Agency, the Corporation for National and Community Service, and U.S. Agency for International De-velopment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, we have a process in place. I certainly won’t support subjective Federal deci-sion-makers deciding who is a good em-ployer and who is a bad employer. As a former employer myself, I know that most employers in this country are good people who want to make sure that people have good jobs. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.104 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4752 July 12, 2016 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . NORCROSS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider Amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 38, line 20, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $13,060,000)’’. Page 40, line 7, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $13,060,000)’’. Page 74, line 25, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(increased by $13,060,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
ORCROSS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, my simple amendment would add $13 mil-lion to the Hazardous Substance Super-fund to equal the level requested by the EPA. Superfund cleanup is the right thing for the environment, right for the economy, and certainly right for public health. I am from the Garden State. We are known across the country for having the best tomatoes, corn, blueberries, and cranberries we grow. But in south Jersey, we have a history as a corner-stone of heavy industry. New Jersey found out the hard way what you can and what you can’t dump into the lakes, backyards, and other facilities. Then companies left, leaving our con-stituents holding the bag. Representa-tive Jim Florio, who held my seat from 1975 to 1990, saw these very issues in south Jersey and across the country. That is why he authored the Superfund legislation back in 1980. Almost four decades later, the list of Superfund sites is still overflowing. There are well over 1,000 contaminated sites across the country, and I have 13 in my dis-trict alone. In 2015, the GAO studied the progress of the Superfund program. The report found that, in real dollars, appropria-tions to the EPA Superfund program declined almost $1 billion from 1999 to 2013. Congress has funded less than 40 per-cent of shovel-ready cleanup projects. The EPA is often forced to prioritize one seriously contaminated site over another, leaving those other sites to be contaminated, in some cases, up to 50 years. This amendment would help the EPA clean up more contaminated materials in their parks, backyards, and commer-cial properties sooner rather than later. Mr. Chairman, later the House will consider another amendment of mine that would designate an additional $15 million within the Superfund account, specifically for the enforcement divi-sion. Not only do we consistently underfund Superfund cleanup activi-ties, we have even underfunded the EPA office that is supposed to go after those polluters who have been found guilty of dumping and polluting our en-vironment. As I mentioned earlier, in my district alone, I have over 13 sites that lay con-taminated today. I just briefly want to tell you about three of them. The sites are named after the company that was accused and has been found liable, that is the Sherwin-Williams site. These sites include the Sherwin-Williams/ Hilliard’s Creek site located in Gibbsboro, the Route 561 Dump Site in Gibbsboro, and United States Avenue Burn Site in Gibbsboro. Those other sites include part of Voorhees also. Back in the 1930s, Sherwin-Williams opened a paint factory. For 20 years, they dangerously dumped these chemi-cals that were related to their syn-thetic varnish to be produced and dumped in around the Gibbsboro and Voorhees area. These toxic chemicals from the var-nish seeped into the groundwater, con-taminating not only the commercial properties, but the streams, lakes, and homes for miles around. After the dev-astating events of Flint, Michigan, I know I don’t have to tell you about the horrific effects of lead exposure on children’s developmental issues and pregnant women. According to the EPA, long-term exposure to high levels of arsenic can lead to cancers like skin cancer, bladder cancer, and lung can-cer. This is why my constituents and, quite frankly, all Americans across the country are faced with this decision. They need relief today—not in a few years from now. We must hold compa-nies like Sherwin-Williams account-able for the havoc that they have wreaked in communities like Gibbsboro and Voorhees. We owe it to our constituents to do everything in our power to protect their health. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, while I appreciate the intent of the gentle-man’s amendment to increase funding for the Superfund, something that we all support, it is important that Mem-bers understand two things: First, top line funding for the Superfund is al-ready increased in the bill by $27 mil-lion from the FY16 enacted level. Second, the gentleman proposes to reduce funding for the Payments in Lieu of Taxes, PILT, program which is critical to counties and local govern-ments in 49 States, including New Jer-sey, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the U.S. territories. PILT is fully funded in this bill. It is a program supported by a large, bipartisan major-ity in the House. A reduction in the PILT funding would have a detrimental effect on counties and local govern-ments across the country. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the gentleman’s amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, this is about protecting public health from designated sites that have been con-taminated for literally decades. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. NOR-
CROSS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider Amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 67, strike lines 4 through 19. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment simply strips the language that would block the implementation of the Stream Protection Rule. We should not willfully delay or stop this rule. I am very familiar with mountaintop removal mining. When I was Lieutenant Governor of Virginia in the 1990s, mountaintop removal mining became the most prevalent coal mining technique in central Appalachia. I made more than 100 trips to Virginia’s coalfields, and I know firsthand the negative impact mountaintop removal has had on the environment and on the health of these communities. If we know of reasonable ways to mitigate negative effects, we should be doing everything in our power to im-plement them. That is why the Stream Protection Rule is so important. During mountaintop removal, tens of thousands of cubic feet of mountain-tops are blown off with explosives and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.107 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4753 July 12, 2016 
pushed over the sides, filling mountain valleys with enormous waste piles. b1815 These valley fills, as they are called, bury headwater streams and every-thing else that once populated the val-ley. Already, mountaintop removal mining has flattened more than 500,000 acres of forested land and permanently buried over 2,000 miles of streams, de-stroying sources that feed our water. Emerging science has documented a dramatic decline in the diversity, the abundance, and the biomass of fish in streams with pollution that results from mining. It is the coal industry that asked the government to clearly define the expectations for environ-mental protection, and that is what this rule does. By introducing verified scientific methods and testing, the gov-ernment provides regulatory certainty and achieves the environmental protec-tion that is required by law. Without this rule, stream destruction continues to occur and the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement will remain vulnerable to more legal challenges. Local citizens will be forced to resort to the courts instead of having their government act to protect their welfare. The stream protection rule is suffi-ciently flexible to accommodate the different regions where coal is mined. It is very different in Wyoming than it is in southwest Virginia. The rule is de-signed to prevent water pollution due to coal mining using current scientific understanding. It is designed to protect our families while protecting jobs. In fact, the Office of Surface Mining’s analysis shows this rule will have mini-mal impact on coal companies and minimal job loss. The estimate is 10 lost jobs—10. We have seen how necessary this rule is in Virginia. Water monitoring found that Kelly Branch Mine in Wise County dumped the toxic pollutant selenium into streams at levels way above State water quality standards and without a permit to allow such pollution. As a re-sult of a citizen suit, Southern Coal Corporation has since agreed to per-form environmental cleanup projects and pay penalties and attorney fees for these pollution violations. But, Mr. Chairman, we shouldn’t need lawsuits. This violation shouldn’t happen in the first place. Now is the time to give the people of Appalachia and others around the country protec-tions for their waterways that were promised to them by Congress. I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, in 2008, the Office of Surface Mining final-ized revisions to the stream zone buffer rule in an open and transparent man-ner. After taking office, the Obama ad-ministration put on hold that rule and proposed a different rule last year without the input of the States. The administration’s approach under the new rule has been anything but col-laborative and inclusive, and States have been totally shut out of the proc-ess. In response, the FY16 omnibus in-cludes language to bring the States and the administration back together. To date, OSM has not shared all docu-ments with the States and refuses to meet with the States that have re-quested meetings. The American people expect more— more openness and transparency from their government—and that is why this funding prohibition must remain in the base bill. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and reject this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Min-nesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), the ranking member. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. The amendment would allow OMS to deal with the continuing problems posed by mountaintop mining removal because this practice contaminates, de-stroys streams, and negatively impacts human health. Two lawsuits challenge this Bush-era rule, and in February 2014, U.S. District Court for the Dis-trict of Columbia vacated a 2008 stream buffer rule. It is important that we allow this to move forward, and I am going to sim-ply state why. In a study in 2011, it found that coun-ties near mountaintop mining areas had higher rates for five out of six types of birth defects, including cir-culatory, respiratory, skeletomuscular, central nervous system, gastro-intestinal, and I could go on and on. Clearly, we know that the health ef-fects from mountaintop mining-related air and water contamination is cumu-lative and is dangerous to public health. OSM must be allowed to go forward with this water protection rule to guarantee the public an opportunity to live a healthy life. I urge my colleagues to support the Beyer amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, with great respect to the subcommittee chairman, I was at the hearing all morning at Natural Resources a few months ago when we had the Director of the Office of Surface Mining Rec-lamation and Enforcement on this exact issue. He deeply resisted the idea, what he called, I think it was, the fix or the myth that we weren’t working closely with the States. I completely agree with the sub-committee chairman that the Office of Surface Mining should work very close-ly with the States to develop this rule and, in fact, insisted that they had from the beginning of the Obama ad-ministration, picking up on what the Bush administration had done, right through today. I agree that this is ap-propriate, but I resist the wisdom of the truth that the States have been shut out of the process. One more small point, but a really important point. A 2009 report on the NIH Web site estimated that coal min-ing cost Appalachia five times more in premature deaths—$42 billion—than it provided the region in all jobs, taxes, and other economic benefits from coal mining—just $8 billion. We are not trying to get rid of coal. There is no war on coal. We just want to make sure that the people who are doing the work who live there are pro-tected. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire of the Chair how much time is remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 4 minutes remain-ing. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ). Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, this is a critically impor-tant issue—the prohibition that is con-tained in this bill—relating to this in-credible overreach of the regulatory authority from this administration. The stream buffer zone rule is similar in character to so many of the efforts of this administration to empower the EPA and, in this case, the Office of Surface Mining to do things that are without legal basis and authority under the law. What is very important about this provision in this bill is say-ing no to this administration, no, once again, to a regulatory overreach that is not founded in basis of law. I strongly urge the rejection of this amendment so we maintain the lan-guage that is contained in the Interior appropriations bill saying no to this administration’s overreach of the rules and regulations. I suggest and encour-age a rejection of this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentlewoman from New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.110 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4754 July 12, 2016 
Mexico (Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM), I offer amendment No. 11. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 68, strike lines 3 through 8. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, this amendment strikes section 122 from the underlying bill. That section would prevent the BLM from meeting its statutory obligations under the Min-eral Leasing Act to ensure operators ‘‘use all reasonable precautions to pre-vent waste of oil or gas.’’ The BLM would also be prevented, if this underlying provision remains, from modernizing the existing 30-year- old oil and gas production rules to bring them into line with technological advancements in the industry. If that provision stays in the bill, States, tribes, and Federal taxpayers stand to lose royalty revenues when natural gas is wasted, which a 2010 GAO report esti-mated could amount to as much as $23 million, annually, in royalty revenue. If this provision remains in the bill, BLM will not be able to update the cur-rent royalty rate or raise it as condi-tions may warrant. A recommendation has been made by both the GAO and the inspector general that they do that, that the conditions do indicate that an increase is in order. So it is just good government to take this provision out, to update a 30-year- old set of regulations in order to better reflect the current operating climate and to ensure a fair royalty return. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, the bill includes section 122 because the Bureau of Land Management does not have the authority to regulate meth-ane emissions. Congress has given that authority to the Environmental Pro-tection Agency. BLM’s proposed regu-lation is just another part of the ad-ministration’s overly aggressive regu-latory agenda and overly broad inter-pretation of current law. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. Can you imagine a 30-year-old oil and gas production rule and not being able to update it? This amendment allows a 30-year-old rule to comply with today’s technology to make sure that we are doing what is best practices in the in-dustry and we can work with the indus-try to do proper oversight. As was pointed out, if this provision stays in place, States, tribes, and Fed-eral taxpayers would lose royalty reve-nues. We should be doing everything we can with our public lands to make sure the taxpayer receives full value when-ever there is a lease. I support this amendment, and I urge for its adoption. Just once again, imagine not being able to update 30-year-old rules and not being able to update current royalty rates. We need to do better by the American taxpayer; we need to strike this provision; we need to do the up-dates; we need to update 30-year-old regulations; and we need to make sure that the American taxpayer gets a fair return on its royalties. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 114–683. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 69, beginning at line 3, strike section 124. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, my amendment ensures that we keep the appropriate safety regulations in place for offshore oil drilling to re-duce the risk of an offshore oil disaster and the devastating impacts on our economy and environment. The Deepwater Horizon blowout of 2010 is still very fresh in our minds. I represent a Gulf Coast district in Flor-ida, in Tampa Bay, and I remember very well the 87 days that oil spewed out of that Deepwater well, the 11 lives lost, and the huge economic losses. One study said that, in Florida, we lost 50,000 jobs because of that blowout, not to mention the environmental ca-tastrophe that it was, that we are still trying to determine the long-term im-pacts. b1830 For 87 days, the well continued to pump 134 million gallons of toxic oil before it could be stopped. This tarred fisheries, wildlife, and fragile eco-systems. I will always remember the motel owner from Pinellas County who cried because all of her business had evaporated. We didn’t even have oil on the Gulf Coast beaches around Tampa Bay, but all of the tourists left. Our lifeblood in Florida is the tourism in-dustry and the fishing industry. This is really inexplicable after years of working with industry, after con-gressional hearings to determine the causes of that disaster, after numerous investigative reports, including the bi-partisan National Oil Spill Commis-sion, led by former Florida Governor and Senator Bob Graham, and Repub-lican and former EPA Administrator William Riley, where they zeroed in on the fact that it was the well casing and the blow-out preventer that was the source of the problem. Based upon all of those findings and investigations, the Bureau of Safety and Environ-mental Enforcement developed its final Well Control Rule, which focuses on the blow-out preventer and well con-trol requirements, because this is America, and we can develop state-of- the-art technology for risky oil drilling no matter where it is occurring. The final rule was developed after un-precedented outreach and consultation with industry and other stakeholders. It addresses the full range of systems and equipment that are related to well control operations, with a focus on blow-out preventer requirements, well design, well control casings, cement-ing, real-time monitoring, and subsea containment. These measures are de-signed to improve equipment reli-ability, especially for blow-out pre-venters. The most important thing is they protect our communities. They protect us from a disaster like the BP Deepwater Horizon from ever hap-pening again. It is really inexplicable that the Re-publicans on the House Appropriations Committee zeroed in on this safety rule in this appropriations bill and said we are not going to support it, that we are not going to fund it for this year. What is that going to do? Industry already supports most of these things. They don’t want to be on the hook for bil-lions and billions of dollars. It is just, clearly, inexplicable to put our com-munities at risk again for another dis-aster like that. The Castor amendment eliminates this harmful provision, and it main-tains the Department of the Interior’s critical safety standards to prevent off-shore oil disasters. The Gulf Coast is still reeling from the disaster of 2010, and local economies across the country cannot afford another catastrophe like 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.112 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4755 July 12, 2016 
BP’s. I urge the adoption of the Castor amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), the ranking member. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. I thank the gentle-woman. Mr. Chairman, investigations were conducted by industry experts, and they determined the actual causes of the catastrophe of the Deepwater. Many of the requirements of this rule are not new, and they already exist in industry standards. This rule has one goal for me, and that is to save lives. Eleven lives were lost in that explosion. We have learned from that event. It was a tragic event what happened with the Deepwater Ho-rizon. We should do everything we can to put workers’ safety ahead of Big Oil’s profits. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, at var-ious hearings throughout the year, Chairman C
ALVERT expressed concern that the administration was taking a page out of its ‘‘war on coal’’ playbook and applying it to oil production. The Department of the Interior has been attempting to make it as costly as possible to operate offshore so that companies will make the decision not to apply for a permit. They took that a step further last week with its Arctic regulations. In this instance, the De-partment set onerous requirements under the Well Control Rule that man-dated that all wells should have the same thickness regardless of where you are drilling. Now, any engineer will tell you that these are site-specific deci-sions that are based on many factors and that the thickness will vary, de-pending on where the well is drilled. Instead, the White House wants to lock in that decision from Washington, D.C. and ignore recommendations from technical experts. The result is an Obama administration de facto mora-torium on oil production as part of the White House’s ‘‘keep it in the ground’’ strategy. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair-man, if you support the tourism indus-try, if you support the jobs in the fish-ing industry, if you support just saving lives, and being able to prevent disas-ters like the BP Deepwater Horizon from ever happening again, it is impor-tant that you stand up for these very basic, industry supported safety stand-ards. The well rule was developed after months and years of investigations and study with stakeholder help. The bottom line is we have to do ev-erything we can to prevent this from ever happening again in order to pro-tect our economy, to protect our jobs, to protect our natural environment; so I urge the adoption of the Castor amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 70, strike line 1 and all that follows through page 71, line 18. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I am glad that my colleague from Florida brought up the Deepwater Horizon tragedy because it was 6 years ago this week, actually, after 87 terrible days of the worst oil spill in history, that the BP Deepwater Horizon’s wellhead was finally capped. The toll of that dis-aster, as everyone knows, was hor-rific—11 workers killed, untold eco-nomic damage to communities around the Gulf of Mexico, and, of course, dev-astating and ongoing impacts on fish and wildlife. This is a good time for us to reflect and to discuss the role of the Federal Government in reviewing the environ-mental impacts of oil and gas develop-ment, not just in the Gulf of Mexico, but in a place where the environmental damage could be even worse if and when something went wrong, say, in the Arctic Ocean. My amendment would strike section 127 of the underlying bill. Doing that would allow the Bureau of Ocean En-ergy Management to move forward with its proposed update of regulation on air quality control reporting and compliance. It would allow that pro-posed rule to serve its intended pur-pose, which is to bring decades-old rules on offshore air emissions into the 21st century. The BOEM, itself, is a new agency. It was born out of the response to the BP Deepwater Horizon spill, but it was also born out of an awareness that the old agency—the Minerals Management Service—was, frankly, too cozy with Big Oil, and that that is why that old agency never updated these old rules. These existing air pollution rules have been in place since 1988, and it is past time that we moved forward with new pollution standards, new modeling, and new technology. The proposed rule, in this case, seeks to address the emissions of several very harmful air pollutants, including vola-tile organic compounds, nitrogen ox-ides, sulfur oxides, carbon monoxide, and particulate matter. The proposed rule does that with flexibility. Actu-ally, in some cases, it reduces regu-latory burdens by eliminating redun-dant reporting requirements and by al-lowing operators to use emissions cred-its. The residents of the Arctic and other oil-producing regions and the workers in the industry shouldn’t be subjected to additional air pollution from oil and gas development simply because of where they live and work. We should let these new rules go forward. If his-tory teaches us anything, it teaches us that Big Oil cannot be trusted to do the right thing when it is left unregu-lated. I would hope that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle would agree that strong and consistent oversight is necessary. I ask for a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, the ad-ministration has started the process to promulgate new air quality regulations for offshore operations with the inten-tion of finalizing them by year’s end; however, key studies are currently un-derway that will not be finished until sometime next year, in 2017. The ad-ministration wants to finalize these rules before these key studies are done. The Bureau of Ocean Energy Manage-ment has allocated nearly $4 million for the studies to determine if there are any impacts to a State’s air quality from offshore operations. Section 127 of this bill instructs the Department to wait until these studies are finalized and to restart only if the findings indi-cate there is a need for rulemaking. This is one of those cases in which we say let the science be the science, and let’s find out what the studies say be-fore we make final decisions on this. There is a regulatory process which should be followed, and there is a sci-entific process that should be followed. That is coming from a Republican. The administration cannot circumvent one for the expediency of the other; so I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, it al-ways warms my heart to hear my Re-publican colleagues embrace science. It is a beautiful thing. I wish it happened a lot more often. In this case, we have had 30 years of study. We know a lot. The administra-tion has developed this rule to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.116 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4756 July 12, 2016 
point at which it believes it is ready. It is an important rule; it is long overdue; and it is time to move forward. I con-tinue to request a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amend-ment and to let the process go through and the studies and to find out what the studies say. Let’s follow the science. I urge my colleagues to follow that and to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 72, line 11, after the aggregate dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $88,282,000)’’. Page 184, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $88,282,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, under the Obama administration, we have seen an explosion of new regu-lations that have impacted every area of our lives. From the way we heat our homes in the winter to the way that we choose our health care, this adminis-tration knows no bounds in its regu-latory overreach. The EPA leads the way on this front. According to a report that was released by the American Action Forum, the EPA now imposes nearly 200 million hours of paperwork to comply with its regulations. This is the equivalent of 95,000 Americans working full-time for a year. This represents an astonishing 23 percent increase from 2009 and a 34 percent increase since 2002 in the EPA’s paperwork burden. New regulations, such as the Clean Power Plan, waters of the United States, and the ozone rule, all con-tribute to this growing burden. Yet, this burden isn’t limited to just the act of doing paperwork. These regulations raise the price of energy, cost Missou-rians jobs, and hurt their bottom lines. The EPA uses the Air, Climate and En-ergy, ACE, program to advance re-search and regulations that are geared toward a climate change agenda. Regu-lations to address climate change are costing Americans billions with there being very little actual impact on glob-al temperatures to show for it. The re-sult of ACE research furthers regula-tions, which burden our Nation’s en-ergy sector and communities across the country. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and cut the ACE program and leave us with one less program to advance the regulatory overreach of this administration’s and save tax-payer dollars. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b1845 Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Maine is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. This amendment would eliminate the fund-ing for the EPA Air, Climate, and En-ergy research program. I think we all know that the Clean Air Act has re-sulted in one of the most effective pub-lic health programs in American his-tory by addressing air quality in the United States. What this amendment would do would be to set back any advances in new technology and new scientific tools that would help protect the American public from harmful expo-sure to air pollutants which, as we know, can damage our health, causing lung and heart disease, impact our im-mune, nervous, and reproductive sys-tems, and shorten our lives. Millions of people in America live in counties that do not meet air quality standards for one or more pollutants, and new threats from climate change expand the air quality challenges con-fronting our society. The energy choices we make clearly influence air quality and climate change. Eliminating EPA funding to research and understand the impacts on air quality from alternative energy sources is, at a minimum, shortsighted. The bill already reduces the EPA by $164 million from the FY 2016 enacted level. I think we have already done enough damage in that particular re-duction. For the health and welfare of our citizens, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I con-tinue to urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MRS . LUMMIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in House Report 114–683. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chair, as the des-ignee of the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ), I offer amendment No. 15. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 73, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $14,000,000)’’. Page 74, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,038,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Wyoming. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, this amendment transfers approximately $10 million to the EPA’s Office of In-spector General from the $2.5 billion EPA environmental programs and management appropriations account. The amendment is necessary to sup-port the EPA OIG’s work related to preventing waste, fraud, and abuse, and identifying inefficiencies and potential cost savings at the EPA. The EPA Office of Inspector General has faced significant funding chal-lenges in recent years. Its full-time employees dropped from 349 to 289, a decrease of almost one-fifth of the of-fice’s workforce. Despite significant resource chal-lenges, the Office of Inspector General at EPA continued to conduct impor-tant investigations and audits that saved money for taxpayers and re-vealed misconduct and abuses at the agency. During FY14, EPA OIG re-ported $380 million in savings, which is a $7.35 return on investment for every dollar in the OIG budget. The EPA’s Office of Inspector General identified $4.1 million in savings during the most recent semiannual reporting period. The EPA OIG has also investigated gross misconduct and abuses at EPA that yielded savings for taxpayers. For instance, in 2013, the office conducted a criminal investigation into former EPA employee John Beale, who was found to have stolen government money and engaged in travel voucher fraud and time and attendance fraud. Beale committed these frauds by masquerading as an employee of the Central Intelligence Agency. Beale agreed to pay restitution of $890,000 to EPA and $500,000 to the Department of Justice. Beale was also sentenced to 32 months in prison. The EPA Office of Inspector General also investigated allegations of gross 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.118 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4757 July 12, 2016 
mismanagement at the Chemical Safe-ty Board in 2012 and found hostility to-ward whistleblowers and a toxic, inef-fective work environment undermined by the board’s chemical accident inves-tigations. The EPA OIG’s investigation and pressure from Congress caused the President to remove the CSB chair-man. I want you to know that as the sub-committee chairman on our com-mittee, that we have looked at the EPA and we have taken the Inspector General’s reports and we have used them to make considerable changes that have increased morale, especially at the Chemical Safety Board; and that we have also saved taxpayer dollars be-cause we have utilized the Office of In-spector General reports. They have shed light on a litany of other em-ployee misconduct. This is a good in-vestment of taxpayer dollars. This amendment ensures that EPA OIG will have the resources it needs to continue to conduct these essential in-vestigations. So the amendment in-creases funding for the EPA OIG by $10,038,000. It decreases EPA environ-mental programs and management ap-propriations by $14 million. That is ac-tually awash when you look at the out years. I strongly encourage adoption of the Chaffetz amendment to this legisla-tion. Mr. Chairman, with gratitude for your time, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Maine is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I just want to make a few points about this amendment. As my colleague has said, this would reduce the funds from EPA operations by $14 million and increase the Inspector General by $10 million. I think we would certainly agree that it would be a good idea to increase the funding for the Inspector General, and we would like to see the other side in-crease those funds. But we are uncomfortable with the idea of taking the funding from the op-erating account. This account has al-ready been cut by $92 million, and it would reduce the operating account by $14 million, putting that money over there. This seems like too severe of a cut on top of what has already been done. We don’t disagree that the work of the Inspectors General across all agen-cies in Federal Government are nec-essary and very important and they do good work. So, once again, I just oppose the shift in funding. I think it would be great if the other side wanted to enhance the funding for the Office of Inspector Gen-eral, just not through this mechanism. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UM-
MIS). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 73, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $70,000,000)’’. Page 95, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $70,000,000)’’. Page 96, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $70,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer a commonsense amendment that redirects funds from EPA bureaucracy to the Forest Services’ hazardous fuels account in order to prevent dangerous wildfires. In 2015, over 10 million acres burned throughout the country, setting a new record. In that same year, fire season appropriations requests were approxi-mately $4 billion for all wildfire pro-grams. Shamefully, the President re-quested only $356 million of those funds go toward hazardous fuels reduction activities. Thinning overgrown forests and re-moving hazardous fuels creates jobs and increases overall forest health. Un-fortunately, extremist self-interest groups and Washington bureaucrats have failed to recognize this correla-tion. As a result, timber harvests are down 80 percent over the last 30 years. Such flawed thinking also negatively impacts education and local commu-nities. Historically, 25 percent of the receipts from timber harvests by the Federal Government go toward schools and important infrastructure projects. The failure to prioritize hazardous fuels reduction activities is also bad for our environment, as sound data from NASA concludes that one cata-strophic wildfire can emit more carbon emissions in a few days than total emissions in an entire State over the course of a year. As it currently stands, the Forest Service consistently raids its own treasury when firefighting costs exceed their estimated yearly allotment, tak-ing money from programs that clear brush and remove dead trees. This rep-resents yet another classic example of Washington’s misguided prioritization of Federal funds. The Forest Service’s own Fuel Treat-ment Effective Database reports that ‘‘over 90 percent of the fuel treatments were effective in changing fire behavior and/or helping with control of the wild-fire.’’ Hazardous fuels reduction activities work. In eastern Arizona, areas that were treated in the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest as part of the White Mountain Stewardship Project help prevent further destruction from the catastrophic Wallow Fire. Today there are still healthy trees as firefighters were able to control pre-viously thinned areas. On other lands that were untouched by thinning prac-tices and managed by the Forest Serv-ice, all that is left behind is scorched earth and sterilized soil. It is of the utmost urgency that the Federal Government adopt a forward- thinking, active management strategy that combats dangerous wildfires be-fore they get started. My amendment helps accomplish that task by re-directing scarce resources to important hazardous fuels reduction activities. I am honored that this amendment is supported by the Americans for Lim-ited Government, Public Lands Coun-cil, National Cattlemen’s Beef Associa-tion, Agribusiness & Water Council of Arizona, Lake Havasu Area Chamber of Commerce, New Mexico Wool Growers, New Mexico Federal Lands Council, Yavapai County Cattle Growers’ Asso-ciation, Yuma County Chamber of Commerce, and countless other organi-zations and individuals in my home State of Arizona. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. I thank the chairman and ranking member for their good work on this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Maine is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I have to strongly oppose this amendment that would take even more money from the already starved EPA. The bill has already severely cut the Environ-mental Protection Agency’s main oper-ating account by $92 million. This would cut it by another $70 million. And so far tonight, we have agreed to another $29 million through amend-ments. The very air we breathe and the water we drink are endangered by the funding and the policy decisions that are already made in this bill. Their consequences will be felt negatively in communities across this country. I know it is often an easy target for my colleagues across the aisle to cut the EPA, but I do want my colleagues to understand what this amendment would mean if this cut was adopted. The account funds programs that are important to both sides of the aisle, in-cluding permitting for construction projects across the country; toxics; risk prevention; part of the successful brownfields program; pesticides licens-ing, which, as we know, is a critical part of fighting the Zika crisis. In my opinion, this very large cut would be irresponsible, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.123 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4758 July 12, 2016 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I be-lieve that the Forest Service needs to be more proactive in managing our na-tional forests. The latest estimates show that there are nearly 66 million dead and dying trees in California right now. This sets the stage for what could be a disastrous fire seed. We simply must get ahead of this situation. This is why we provided significant in-creases for hazardous fuel and manage-ment programs in this bill, but cer-tainly we would support any additional help. I would move to adopt this very im-portant amendment. b1900 Ms. PINGREE. Madam Chair, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ). The gentleman from Ari-zona has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, while the bill does include nearly $2.9 billion for wildfire activities, which I am thankful for, most of these dollars are focused on suppression activities. As I stated previously, the 2015 fire season set a new record, burning more than 10 million acres throughout the country. It is easy to make that state-ment when it is not your home burn-ing. Clearly, we must focus on proactive solutions for our Nation’s forests. The best way to do so is by providing the Forest Service hazardous fuel ac-count with appropriate funding in order to prevent hazardous wildfires. My amendment accomplishes that task by redirecting scarce resources from the EPA’s bureaucracy. The EPA is far from being under-funded. As it stands, this bill currently funds the EPA at over $7.98 billion. This marginal loss to a rogue adminis-tration that continues to circumvent Congress in order to implement lawless regulations is better spent through my amendment and will dramatically in-crease the Forest Service’s ability to prevent dangerous wildfires. Again, I urge the support of my amendment. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Madam Chair, I just want to reiterate again, this bill has already severely cut the EPA’s main operating account by $92 million. Al-ready tonight, amendments have cut it another $29 million. This agency is fun-damental. The protection that they do is critical. This account funds pro-grams that are important to us on both sides of the aisle. No one disagrees that it is important to fund the disastrous wildfires that have taken over in our country, and we very much understand those chal-lenges, but this amendment is irrespon-sible. I urge my colleagues to oppose it. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . 
WESTERMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 17 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 73, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $12,000,000)’’. Page 90, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Chair, I would like to thank the gentleman from California, Chairman C
ALVERT , for allowing me the opportunity to offer this important amendment. I rise today in support of my amend-ment. My amendment is simple. It re-moves $12 million from the EPA’s envi-ronmental programs and management account and places $10 million into the U.S. Forest Service’s forest and range-land research account, which funds im-portant scientific research through the Forest Inventory and Analysis Pro-gram and the Forest Products Labora-tory. This will free up money from the Federal bureaucracy for use in on-the- ground scientific research into forest health, wood products, biomass, and threatened species. To make sound forest management decisions, it is imperative to quantify the amount of standing timber, the harvest and usage rates, how much is lost to insects and disease infestation, how many trees are lost to wildfire, and how much net growth occurs in our forest. The Forest Inventory and Anal-ysis Program does just that. The data is used to assess the quan-tity and quality of our forestlands, both public and private. It lets us know if we are gaining or losing forestland, and it tells us if we have a net loss or net gain in trees and tree volume. This data is critical to calculate how much carbon storage we have in our forest, and without this data, we cannot un-derstand our total carbon balance. The Forest Service often finds itself on extended sampling periods, some-time as many as 6 or 7 years, leading to delayed analysis of our Nation’s forest landscape. This forces States to in-crease their matching contributions in order to have sound, timely scientific data for statewide forest management plans. FIA takes proactive, positive steps in the area of better forest management. FIA leads to scientific forest manage-ment practices that increase carbon storage and reduce the threat to wild-fire. Additional funding to FIA will also give wood products and timber in-dustries certainty in making business decisions. Forestry employs approxi-mately 2.8 million people nationwide, and this is larger than the automotive industry. The forest and rangeland research ac-count also funds the Forest Products Laboratory. The Forest Products Lab-oratory conducts significant scientific research into wood products, forest bio-mass, the use of wood in tall buildings and threats to various species, such as white-nose syndrome. This amendment is a win-win for a healthy environment and scientific research. Madam Chair, I again want to thank the gentleman from California, Chair-man CALVERT , for the opportunity to offer this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. WESTERMAN. I yield to the gen-tleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. I just want to make a point. I appreciate the gentleman’s interest in forestry issues and his support for changing the way we budget for cata-strophic wildland fires. An increase in the Forest Service’s research capa-bility will help address our forest man-agement issues. I support the amend-ment, and I certainly urge its adoption. I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Madam Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Maine is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. PINGREE. Madam Chair, again, I must oppose this amendment because it continues to take more money from the already-starved EPA. The EPA’s main operating account was cut by $92 million in the bill. With the last amendment that just passed, we have cut another $99 million tonight from the EPA account. We are not arguing that funding for forest and rangeland research is a poor purpose, but it was fully funded in the budget, and it is starting to feel a little bit like we are just seeing amendment after amendment that is a way to starve the EPA. The EPA is a critical agency. The very air that we breathe, the water that we drink are endangered by the funding and policy decisions that are being made in this bill. The con-sequences will be felt negatively in communities across the country. I just cannot support taking money from an underfunded agency and put-ting it into a program that is already receiving an increase in this bill, so I oppose the amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Chair, healthy forests are critical to clean air, clean water, better wildlife habitat, better recreation opportunities, and more biodiversity. This amendment will promote healthy forests, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.125 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4759 July 12, 2016 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Madam Chair, we cer-tainly support healthy forests. I rep-resent the State of Maine, where we have a tremendous amount of forests and many people who work in the for-est products industry, so we respect the value of this research. But it was fully funded in the budget, and this is just another cut to the EPA and will take away from the work that they are able to do to protect our clean air and clean water. I oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
OF GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 18 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 73, line 17, insert ‘‘, consistent with Executive Order 12898,’’ after ‘‘implementa-tion’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Chair, power companies are closing coal-fired power plants as we move to-ward cleaner, more sustainable ways to generate electricity. A material known as coal ash is a byproduct of this indus-try. Coal ash contains carcinogens, known carcinogens, such as arsenic, lead, and mercury. The EPA is now regulating coal ash with its final rule on the disposal of coal combustion residuals from electric utilities. Many of the neighborhoods already exposed to dangerous levels of coal ash are in predominantly low-in-come and minority communities. The problem of low-income and mi-nority communities being dispropor-tionately exposed to chemicals, haz-ardous waste, and toxic materials is neither new nor confined to one area of the country. More than 134 million Americans—their homes, schools, busi-nesses, parks, and places of worship— are in harm’s way from dangerous ex-posure to coal ash. A 2014 study found that residents in vulnerable zones are disproportionately African American or Latino, have high-er rates of poverty than the U.S. as a whole, and have lower housing values, incomes, and education levels. The poverty rate in these zones is 50 per-cent higher than the national average. The percentage of Blacks is 75 percent greater than for the U.S. as a whole, while the percentage of Latinos is 60 percent greater. This means that al-most half of the people more likely to suffer from exposure are Black or Latino. But make no mistake, Madam Chair, coal ash poisoning is not racially dis-criminatory. Rural White communities throughout north Georgia, North Caro-lina, Tennessee, and Oklahoma are suf-fering from exposure to coal ash dump-ing, leaking coal ash ponds, and coal ash dust from coal ash transport. We cannot allow people across the country to fall between the regulatory cracks simply because they live in a certain neighborhood or have certain income levels. This amendment requires implemen-tation of the EPA’s coal ash rule to be consistent with Executive Order No. 12898. That executive order’s purpose was to focus Federal attention on the environmental and public health ef-fects that Federal regulations have on minority and low-income communities. More coal ash is expected to be dumped in the State of Georgia. In Jesup, Georgia, a landfill has agreed to accept over 10,000 tons of coal ash per day. Duke Energy is moving their coal ash from North Carolina to a landfill in Banks County, Georgia. Elsewhere within Georgia, communities have been exposed to contaminated drinking water by existing coal ash facilities. Last month, arsenic, beryllium, and se-lenium were found in the groundwater of various coal ash sites in the State. As we saw in Flint, we need to act at the Federal level before our failure to do so results in irreversible damage to the health and to the environment of the communities we represent. Amer-ican families, regardless of income level, should not be unfairly and unrea-sonably exposed to toxic chemicals. I ask for support for my amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, be-cause the gentleman’s amendment re-states current law and nothing more, I am more than willing to accept the amendment. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. I thank the gentleman. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 19 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. ESTY. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 74, line 25, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 76, line 18, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 83, line 6, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Connecticut. Ms. ESTY. Madam Chair, my amend-ment would increase funding by $10 million to match the President’s budg-et request for the State and Tribal As-sistance Grants to clean up and revi-talize brownfields. Too many cities and towns across America with proud manufacturing legacies are now struggling with va-cant brownfield properties. As our country transitioned away from manu-facturing, plants and mills began to close, leaving too many communities to deal with these industrial sites on their own. These former industrial sites have come to be known as brownfields, land where the presence or potential pres-ence of contamination prevents expan-sion, redevelopment, or reuse of the land. Brownfield sites aren’t limited to abandoned factories or buildings. They can also be former dry cleaning estab-lishments or gas stations that are no longer in use. Every single congres-sional district in our Nation has at least one brownfield site, and some, in fact, have hundreds. In April, I was in Torrington, Con-necticut, a former mill town in my dis-trict where, like many communities in the Naugatuck River Valley, there are brownfields scattered throughout the city. I met with Mayor Carbone and other city and local officials to learn about plans to clean up and repurpose two industrial sites, which would cre-ate jobs and revitalize the downtown area. b1915 The plan to revitalize downtown Torrington was made possible by fund-ing provided through the EPA’s brownfields grant program. However, to implement Torrington’s trans-formative plan, we need additional funding in the brownfields program. I think it is important to note that addressing brownfields is not simply an issue for our cities. Expanding funding for brownfields helps not only our cit-ies, but also our suburbs and agricul-tural communities. Cleaning up and putting brownfields back into eco-nomic use in our cities helps preserve open space and surrounding commu-nities by taking pressure off of demand for virgin or undeveloped land. Additionally, taxpayer dollars go a long way in the brownfields program. For every dollar expended by the EPA’s brownfields program, it leverages, on average, approximately $18 in addi-tional public and private investment and, in many cases, property values have more than doubled when commu-nities were given the resources nec-essary to repurpose brownfield sites. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.128 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4760 July 12, 2016 
According to a 2007 study, approxi-mately 10 jobs are created for every acre of brownfields redevelopment, and with over 400,000 brownfields sites across the country, the work needed to clean up these sites is far from com-plete. So let’s do our job as elected officials by empowering our constituents with additional funding to clean up con-taminated properties, attract new busi-nesses, create jobs, safeguard public health, and revitalize our downtowns. I encourage all of my colleagues to support the Esty amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I cer-tainly understand the value of EPA’s brownfields program. It is highly lever-aged and promotes economic develop-ment in communities by cleaning up lightly contaminated properties and re-turning them to beneficial use. These are good things, no doubt about it. That is why the FY 2017 Interior bill continues to provide the brownfields program with $80 million. That is equal to the enacted level. With limited resources, we need to be strategic about where we provide in-creases. The FY 2017 bill increases funding to clean up most toxic con-taminated Superfund sites across the Nation. We will debate some Democratic amendments that seek to increase the Superfund account beyond what we have done in the bill in order to match the President’s request. Certainly, no one wants to live next to a Superfund site. We have more than 1,300 sites on the Superfund list. These sites contain led, arsenic, cadmium, PCBs, and other highly toxic chemicals. We need to make progress on these 1,300 sites. So, I must oppose the proposed cut to the Superfund and strongly urge my colleagues to do the same. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY. Madam Chair, again, with all due respect, I think, as my col-league has noted, these dollars make an enormous impact, and I would re-spectfully request and urge my col-leagues to support the Esty amend-ment. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I urge opposition to the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 20 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. PALMER. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 76, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000,000)’’. Page 84, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $100,000,000)’’. Page 184, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $100,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. PALMER. Madam Chair, I com-mend the gentleman from California for his and his colleagues’ work on this bill. Madam Chair, my amendment would eliminate funding for the Diesel Emis-sions Reduction Act grant program, saving taxpayers $100 million. Funds from this program have gone to a num-ber of questionable items, including $750,000 for cherry pickers in Utah, $1 million for electrified parking spaces at a truck stop in Delaware, and $1.2 for a new engine and generators for a 1950s locomotive in Pennsylvania. This program was intended to be a short-term effort to assist States and local governments in meeting diesel emissions standards, but has joined a long list of temporary government pro-grams for which there is no end in sight. As Ronald Reagan famously said that, ‘‘The nearest thing to eternal life we will ever see on this Earth is a gov-ernment program.’’ One of the things I have learned as a freshman Member of Congress is that we have an office tasked with holding Federal agencies accountable and re-porting on their programs. That office is the Government Accountability Of-fice. One of the things that has sur-prised me is how rarely we act on their recommendations. I hope that won’t be the case with this program. The GAO has noted that funding to reduce diesel emissions is fragmented across 14 programs at the Department of Energy, the Department of Trans-portation, and the Environmental Pro-tection Agency. Surely we can make do with one less. The $100 million provided in this bill represents an increase of 100 percent compared to last year’s bill and an in-crease of 100 percent compared to the omnibus bill passed in December. With a national debt exceeding $19 trillion, and growing every day, we cannot afford to double the budget of a program that clearly duplicates, at least in part, 13 other programs, and has a marginal impact at best. The program was originally author-ized in the Energy Policy Act of 2005, and was reauthorized for 5 years in 2010. This authorization expired in fis-cal year 2016, making any appropria-tion an unauthorized one. Congress should not provide $100 mil-lion for a wasteful and unauthorized program, and I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, Ronald Reagan was mentioned in discussing the gentleman’s amendment. Ronald Reagan signed into law CalEPA in the State of California. He also signed into law the first air qual-ity district to regulate air in the United States, the South Coast Air Quality Management District, in the State of California, which was au-thored by a former colleague of ours named Jerry Lewis. Clean air is not a political or par-tisan issue. Certainly, in my area, which has some of the dirtiest air in the United States, we have done a lot to clean up air in our area in Cali-fornia. We have included a great number of policy provisions to address EPA’s reg-ulatory overreach, which I agree with, in this bill. And we have cut the EPA’s budget dramatically, which I am in favor of doing. However, I believe that this specific amendment targets a pro-gram that is yielding great benefits. When you have a program that is actu-ally working, we ought to keep it. Many counties across the Nation are currently not in containment with EPA’s existing standards for particu-late matter and ozone. In many in-stances, these counties have been in non-containment for years, and those communities need help to improve their air quality. The Diesel Emission Reduction Act grant program, DERA, is a proven, cost-effective program that provides grants to States to retrofit old diesel engines. So it is a program that sup-ports manufacturing jobs, while also reducing pollution significantly. Another benefit is these grants are highly leveraged, producing $13 of eco-nomic benefit for every Federal dollar that is invested in this program. Today, newer engines produce 90 per-cent less toxic emissions than the older diesel engines. However, only 30 per-cent of trucks and heavy-duty vehicles transition to these cleaner tech-nologies. We need to follow the science and accelerate the replacement of old engines with newer, cleaner engines. From fiscal year 2009 to fiscal year 2013, DERA grant funding has replaced or retooled almost 59,000 engines in ve-hicles, trucks, trains, and other equip-ment. Again, DERA is an effective, proven program that is delivering re-sults. I strongly urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the gentleman’s amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Madam Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s concerns. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.133 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4761 July 12, 2016 
Over the last 30 years or so, the air quality in the United States has im-proved dramatically, despite the fact that we have seen huge increases in ve-hicle miles traveled, a 30-something percent increase in our GDP, and a 30- something percent increase in popu-lation. Yet, we have seen dramatic im-provement in air quality, and I appre-ciate the fact that government pro-grams have had a part to play in that. In regard to the savings, the EPA has said that for every dollar we spend, we will get $14 in benefits. I would also like to point out that they also say that the Clean Power Plan will help the economy and that EPA regulations haven’t lost jobs. I think the EPA esti-mates on savings are a little suspect. The program was funded at $30 mil-lion in FY 2015 and $50 million in 2016. Now we are considering a bill to in-crease it to $100 million in 2017. We cannot afford to continue spending without limits and pretend as if there are no consequences. Keep in mind that there are 14 programs. Surely, we can consolidate these into one effective program. I also think it is important to note that this was supposed to expire after the first authorization. It was reau-thorized for 4 more years. And that ex-pires this year, making any appropria-tion for FY 2017 another wasteful, un-authorized program. The Republican Study Committee budget recommended elimination and noted that the grants have gone to a number of wasteful programs. Madam Chairman, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I want to point out that DERA is not a regu-latory program. The power plant rule that was mentioned earlier is a regu-latory program. What DERA does is replace old tech-nology with the new technology that is up to 90 percent cleaner than the old trucks, old diesel engines that we are presently using. This is working. I am not in favor of programs and continuous studies and other oppres-sive methods by EPA that don’t produce clean air. This does. It was mentioned that our air is getting cleaner. It is getting cleaner because of programs like DERA that actually work. It is measurable in the South Coast Air Quality Management Dis-trict and other areas throughout the United States. They have been able to take these dirty, old trucks off the road. You have all seen them. You have been on the freeway and you see an old diesel truck that is putting out more emissions than virtually everything else around them. You take that truck off the road and it has immediate results. So let’s not get rid of something that works. Let’s work against these regu-latory programs that oppress the econ-omy and don’t have any results. I might point out, too, the adminis-tration has been opposed to DERA. Most of the environmental folks have been opposed because they don’t want any carbon in the economy. So they don’t want us to clean up diesel be-cause they want to have electric vehi-cles or zero emission vehicles, which do not have the horsepower or the ability to deliver the goods that we need to have in this Nation. So, I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. May I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 1 minute remaining. Mr. PALMER. In regard to the EPA, the gentleman from California cited an EPA finding on the benefits and my re-sponse to that—that it is not a regu-latory program—but that is beside the fact. What it is, is a duplication of other programs. It is unauthorized and it is wasteful. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I might point out that the FBI is not au-thorized at the present time. We con-tinue to fund it. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. PALMER. Madam Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
LUJA´N OF NEW MEXICO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 76, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $6,000,000)(reduced by $6,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. b1930 Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Madam Chair, last August, the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency was re-sponsible for the blowout at the Gold King Mine in Colorado that spilled 3 million gallons of wastewater, impact-ing New Mexico, Colorado, Utah, Ari-zona, and the Navajo Nation. I was in Farmington, New Mexico, when the toxic plume turned the Animas River yellow. I met with the community and heard their concerns about the toll that the spill was taking on businesses, farmers, families, and individuals. Madam Chair, we are almost 1 year removed from the spill, and in commu-nities that have been impacted, there remains serious concerns about the long-term effects that the spill will have on the river and all that its water sustains, from drinking water to farm-ing and livestock. Long-term water quality monitoring is essential to ensure that communities along the Animas River have the data they need to protect the health of all those who rely on this water. Unfortunately, the State of New Mexico and the EPA have been unable to agree on what the long-term moni-toring should look like. As a result, the State has moved ahead with a lawsuit against the EPA. Madam Chair, it is disappointing that it has come to this point of legal action. My amendment today seeks to address this issue by providing $6 mil-lion to direct the EPA to work with af-fected States and Indian Tribes to im-plement long-term monitoring pro-grams for water quality on the Animas and San Juan Rivers in response to the Gold King Mine spill. The State of New Mexico has worked with stakeholders to develop a robust monitoring plan that I believe can serve as a basis for a truly comprehen-sive effort. Monitoring now and well into the future is necessary to protect the health of all those who rely on this water, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I cer-tainly appreciate the gentleman’s re-marks. It is important that EPA right the wrong that caused the Gold King Mine spill, and ensure that the affected States and Tribes have the resources they need following the spill. The FY17 bill includes language in-structing the EPA to continue to oper-ate a temporary water treatment plant to treat contaminated flows in the area until a more permanent water treat-ment solution is developed. And the FY16 omnibus instructed EPA to work with the States and tribes on an inde-pendent water monitoring plan. At this time I must respectfully op-pose the gentleman’s amendment, but I would also ask the gentleman to work with me as the committee continues to monitor the implementation and what the EPA is continuing to do. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Madam Chair, I appreciate the leader-ship of the chairman. He has been very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.135 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4762 July 12, 2016 
gracious, he and his staff, with several amendments that are important to New Mexico during this debate as well. What has happened now is the tem-porary facility has been located in the State of Colorado as well, where this has taken place, where this blowout took place; but we are still seeing rem-nants of heavy metals all the way down to that contamination plume, and it just hasn’t been enough. I will read something that our Attor-ney General from the State of New Mexico recently said. ‘‘The release of hazardous substances into waters that are the lifeblood of our economy and culture in New Mex-ico has had a devastating impact on our historical rural, agricultural and tribal communities . . . It is inappro-priate for the EPA to impose weak testing standards in New Mexico and I am demanding the highest testing standards that the EPA would impose in any other state in the nation to pro-tect the health and well-being of our citizens. Additionally, remediation and compensation dollars have been far too minimal for these very special agricul-tural and cultural communities who depend on this precious water source for irrigation and drinking water. They must be properly compensated and there must be appropriate independent monitoring to prevent future dangers to public health and the economy.’’ Attorney General Hector Balderas. Mr. C
ALVERT , I really want to be able to get a vote on this one. I understand the opposition here, but I really want to force this point home to the EPA and the administration, that what has been put on the table, which is $2 mil-lion, is simply not enough to help us in New Mexico. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Again, I appreciate what the gentleman is up to. I wouldn’t expect you not to have a vote if you choose to have a vote. Just know that we are working on this, and we will continue to work on this. We will con-tinue to work with your office, but at this point I have to reluctantly oppose the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAY L
UJA´N). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MRS . DINGELL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 22 printed in House Report 114–683. Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 106, strike lines 8 through 22. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 820, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The gentlewoman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Chair, my amendment strikes language in the bill that would exempt a number of potentially damaging ac-tivities in our national forests from full consideration under the National Environmental Policy Act. Simply put, this sort of language has no place in an appropriations bill. Our national forests are a true public legacy that sustains both our environ-ment and our economy. They provide clean air, clean water, precious wildlife habitat, and they support approxi-mately 450,000 jobs throughout the country. We should all be coming to-gether to ensure that our forests are healthy and that future generations will be able to enjoy them. Yet, the language that my amend-ment proposes to strike could allow many types of damaging activities to occur in our national forests without a full review under the National Environ-mental Policy Act, or NEPA, as we call it. NEPA has a simple premise; you look before you leap. This landmark law gives the public an opportunity to re-view and comment on actions proposed by the government, adding unique per-spectives to the evaluation process that highly specialized, mission-driven agencies might otherwise ignore. The underlying legislation proposes to make six different activities in our national forests eligible for a categor-ical exclusion under NEPA, which means a full review would not be con-ducted and the public would not have the right to be heard. While some of these activities may be appropriate to consider for a cat-egorical exclusion, they should be eval-uated on a case-by-case basis and should not automatically be eligible for categorical exclusion, as this legis-lation proposes. As the Council on Environmental Quality has stated: ‘‘Categorical exclu-sions are appropriate in many cir-cumstances but should not be relied on if they thwart the purposes of NEPA, compromising the quality and trans-parency of agency decisionmaking or the opportunity for meaningful public participation.’’ I couldn’t agree with them more. CEQ was right, and that is exactly what this bill proposes to do. As an example, the underlying bill proposes to exclude all activities re-lated to reducing hazardous fuel loads from a full NEPA review. This makes little sense. If a hazardous fuel load re-duction is not done properly, it could destroy an entire forest. This is exactly the sort of activity that should have a thorough and comprehensive NEPA re-view. I hope my colleagues will join me in standing up for public participation in government decisionmaking by sup-porting this amendment. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Madam Chair, I must say, as I rise in opposition to this amendment, that I serve on the Nat-ural Resources Committee with the gentlewoman from Michigan, and I know that we hold a common idea to be good stewards of our resources. We just happen to have a difference of opinion on the best way to do that on this issue, so I must rise in opposition to her amendment. Our Nation’s forests are in dire health, and Congress must provide the Forest Service additional tools to allow more management of our na-tional forest system. This amendment would needlessly deny the Forest Service an opportunity to more quickly address a forest sys-tem that is overgrown and prone to wildfire, disease, and insect infesta-tion. Last summer I was proud to sponsor H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forest Act, which passed the House with a strong bipartisan majority. This bill included several provisions to allow the Forest Service to engage in urgently needed restoration in a more timely fashion. These are forest stands that are al-ready being destroyed by natural oc-currences; and in order to restore those forest habitats, we have to act in an urgent and a timely manner. One specific provision would allow the Forest Service to treat up to 3,000 acres of land at a time under a categor-ical exclusion from NEPA within lim-ited circumstances. Some of these cir-cumstances include treating a forest infected by invasive species, if a forest has been affected by a natural disaster such as a hurricane or tornado, or if work is needed to protect a municipal water source. This provision was based on a care-fully crafted provision in the 2014 farm bill that the Forest Service has used successfully to reduce the threat of catastrophic wildfire in our rural com-munities. I am pleased that Chairman C
ALVERT chose to include this provi-sion in the fiscal year 2017 Interior Ap-propriations bill. The Natural Resources Committee has heard testimony from stakeholders 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.139 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4763 July 12, 2016 
across the country about the dire need to better manage our forests. We have heard from the Forest Service that nearly 60 million acres of land are in need of some form of treatment. While we wait for the Senate to act on wild-fire legislation, we must continue to seek opportunities to help reduce the threat of wildfire to communities across the country. This amendment would strip this im-portant provision from the appropria-tions bill. We should be doing more to shorten the timeframe for the Forest Service to engage in restoration work. I urge my colleagues to join me in op-posing this amendment. Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Chair, I want to quickly respond to the comments made by my dear friend. We are good friends, and we all do need to work to-gether to protect our great lands in this country, but I would respectfully disagree. I have nothing but the ut-most respect for both of my Republican colleagues that I hate disagreeing with, and we agree on the same goal, but I respectfully disagree on your dis-agreeing on my amendment. Some of these activities may be ap-propriate for a categorical exclusion, but that should be decided by the agen-cy on a case-by-case basis, not be dic-tated by Congress, which you tell us many times, in an appropriations bill. Make no mistake, mandating the use of categorical exclusions, like this bill proposes, is simply a ruse to make an end run around NEPA and the public process that is so important to it. We often hear that NEPA is a scape-goat for projects being delayed, and I would not want that to be the case; but GAO and others have found that out-side issues, including the complexity of the project, local opposition and, most importantly, funding issues, are almost always the cause of the delays. We shouldn’t be limiting public com-ments and involvement in government decisions, but, instead, should be en-hancing them. This bill does the oppo-site, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I just want to make a point. At this time there are about 66 million dead and dying trees in my State. It is estimated that over the next few years, we could lose up to 120 million trees. That is 20 percent of the entire State of Califor-nia’s total. The trees are dying from drought, severe insect and disease in-festation, which only intensifies the potential for disastrous and potentially catastrophic fires. Unfortunately, we have already seen the loss of life and property from the fast-moving wildfires this year, just most recently, right in the Majority Leader’s Congressional District, where people, unfortunately, lost their lives. I have worked with the senior Sen-ator from California on this. We have used this to the benefit of our State, and other States have used it to the benefit of theirs. This provision is truly limited in nature. b1945 It can only be used on small acreages about 3,000 acres or less. Madam Chairman, I urge opposition to this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
IN-
GELL ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mrs. DINGELL. Madam Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan will be postponed. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chairwoman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) for the purpose of colloquy. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Madam Chair, Fed-eral land management agencies are bit-ing off more than they can chew. Not only are these agencies tasked with managing one-third of the entire landmass in the United States of Amer-ica, but they are also asked to provide law enforcement and police support to some 660 million acres on the Federal estate. Land management agencies should not be in the business of policing. Cur-rently, the Nation’s largest land man-agement agency, the Bureau of Land Management, has just one office—one person—per 1 million acres of Federal land. This is an inadequate system that does not serve the public, Federal lands, or local communities very well. Local county sheriffs, on the other hand, and local law enforcement depu-ties are in a better position to police lands within their county. These indi-viduals are known by members of their community. They are trusted, they are better equipped, and there are more of them. Already local law enforcement agencies contract with the Federal Government to carry out the very same law enforcement functions that Federal agencies require. We need to expand this concept and take actions to limit the role of land management agency law enforcement officials. Madam Chair, I believe we must work to transfer authorities and, ultimately, funding to those local jurisdictions and sheriffs. There will come a time when the Appropriations Committee will play a key role in executing this strat-egy. I request that the chairman work with Chairman R
OBBISHOP of the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, me, and other Members to accomplish this im-portant policy change. Mr. CALVERT. Reclaiming my time, I am pleased the gentleman has raised this issue. It is important to work to-gether to ensure law enforcement ar-rangements are best suited to the pop-ulations they serve. I appreciate the gentleman’s dedication to this issue, and I look forward to working together to assess the role of law enforcement. Madam Chairwoman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 23 will not be offered. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 24 printed in House Report 114–683. AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . 
CARTWRIGHT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 25 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Madam Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk, and I ask that it be considered. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike section 425. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Chair, this amendment is very simple. It strikes section 425 of H.R. 5538. Section 425 would prohibit the EPA from updating the definition of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘dis-charge of fill material’’ under the Clean Water Act. These definitions underlie section 404 of the Clean Water Act, which governs dredge and fill permitting, one of the act’s most important components. Put more simply, section 425 would con-tinue giving real legal cover to moun-taintop mining companies to dump mining waste into valley streams. As such, section 425 is an attack on the Clean Water Act. Now, mountaintop mining for coal produces a lot of unusable excess mate-rial, known as overburden. The cheap-est and easiest way for industry to dis-pose of overburden is to bulldoze it into valleys and waterways surrounding these decapitated mountains. This had been illegal because the Clean Water Act categorized overburden as waste, which cannot be disposed of in that manner. However, in a 2002 giveaway to the mountaintop mining industry, the George W. Bush administration reclas-sified overburden as fill. This cleared the path for it to be dumped in moun-tain valleys once teeming with life. As if mining overburden were not enough, the definition of fill was ex-panded to also include material such as wood chips, construction debris, and plastic. As a result, every year, 120 miles of headwater streams are buried in mining debris. These so-called valley fills can be more than 1 mile long, each, and hundreds of feet deep. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.141 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4764 July 12, 2016 
This overburden doesn’t just take up space; it is also an environmental haz-ard. Mining debris can contain chemi-cals and toxins that pose health risks to humans and ecosystems alike. For example, studies have found substan-tially higher levels of selenium, a min-eral that is toxic to fish in high doses, in rivers near mountaintop mine sites. These hazardous substances also pose real dangers to the downstream users of the water. Overburden dumping and the mining that causes it produce soil erosion and waterway siltation. A 2008 EPA study found that 90 percent of the streams downstream of surface mining had im-paired aquatic life. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service estimates that the loss of forest and aquatic habitat to moun-taintop mining affects almost 250 spe-cies, including several listed species. This practice also destroys an arche-typal American landscape, one which gave rise to a unique culture which has shaped generations of Appalachian residents and which has left its imprint on the broader American culture. Allowing mountaintop mining oper-ations to continue dumping their waste into our Nation’s streams and rivers is both dangerous and irresponsible. I urge my colleagues to join me in put-ting an end to it. Allow EPA to do their work and protect the environ-ment and the public’s health. Support my amendment striking section 425. Madam Chairman, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chairman, the language in section 425 simply maintains the status quo regarding the definition of fill material for purposes of the Clean Water Act. The existing definition was put in place through a rulemaking initiated by the Clinton administration and finalized by the Bush administration. That rule har-monized the definition on the books of the Corps and EPA so both agencies were working within the same defini-tion. Any attempts to redefine this impor-tant definition could significantly neg-atively impact the ability of all earthmoving industries—road and highway construction and private and commercial enterprise—to obtain vital CWA section 404 permits. Changing the definition of fill mate-rial could result in the loss of up to 375,000 high-paying mining jobs and jeopardize over 1 million jobs that are dependent upon the economic output generated by these operations. For these reasons, I support the un-derlying language and oppose the amendment. Madam Chairman, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Madam Chair-woman, the gentleman’s points are well taken that the status quo is pre-served, and that is the problem. Sec-tion 425 would prohibit any change in the status quo and would prohibit the EPA from updating the definitions of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material’’ under the Clean Water Act, thereby hamstringing the EPA from making any kind of sensible up-dating of those terms. Any attempt at this point to enumerate the number of jobs that could be lost in some as yet undefined change of those terms simply lacks credibility at this point. There is no point in hamstringing the EPA in this fashion by refusing to allow any further clarification of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material.’’ Madam Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chairwoman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ). Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Madam Chairman, I do also rise in op-position to this amendment. As a Mem-ber representing southern West Vir-ginia, I know firsthand the effect a re-write of the fill material regulations would have on coal mining operations. What this amendment would do would freeze operations and lead to even fur-ther layoffs on top of the more than 10,000 jobs we have lost in just the last 5 years. As the chairman referenced, in last year’s omnibus, Congress included— Congress included—similar legislation preventing the EPA and the Corps of Engineers from changing the definition of fill material. Unfortunately, rede-fining fill material would harm both existing and future operations in the coal mining business, resulting in the loss of thousands of good jobs. Congress should include this provi-sion to prohibit the EPA from chang-ing the definition of fill material, and I urge opposition. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I op-pose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 26 printed in House Report 114–683. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 147, strike lines 10 through 21. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Michigan. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that would strike section 427 from the un-derlying bill. My amendment would preserve the Army Corps of Engineers’ and the En-vironmental Protection Agency’s final rule that revises regulations and de-fines the scope of waters protected under the Clean Water Act. More than 1 million public comments were sub-mitted during this process, a majority of which support the waters of the United States rule. In issuing the final rule, the agencies’ intention was to clarify questions of the Clean Water Act’s jurisdiction, consistent with the agencies’ scientific and technical ex-pertise. One in three Americans rely on pub-lic drinking water systems not pre-viously protected by the Clean Water Act. This rule changes that. The water crisis in Flint, Michigan, and the crumbling drinking water in-frastructure in neighborhoods and com-munities around the country reinforces the need to protect our streams, ponds, and wetlands. These challenges impact millions of lives and disproportionately affect poor and minority communities. Our country faces a very difficult choice. We can either overlook the challenges facing our existing water in-frastructure and the millions of lives it affects and the billions of dollars that it costs us, or we can all work together to find solutions that ensure that all Americans have access to safe, clean, and affordable drinking water. The waters of the United States rule is a commonsense reform designed to secure our water sources, while guaran-teeing protections to millions of Amer-icans. b2000 This rule represents a commitment to protecting and restoring the na-tional water resources that are vital for our health, environment, and econ-omy. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-sent to withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Michigan? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . 
CARTWRIGHT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 27 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), I offer amend-ment No. 27. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 149, strike lines 3 through 17. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.144 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4765 July 12, 2016 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. My amendment would strike section 429, which delays implementation of the EPA’s lead renovation, repair, and painting rule. According to the Centers for Disease Control, at least 4 million households have children who are exposed to high levels of lead. This includes 535,000 chil-dren younger than the age of 5. The problem is particularly prevalent in low-income communities. Yet, even as lead poisoning is a front page news story, the majority ignores another threat from lead and paint. There is no safe blood level of lead for children. That is why it is so impera-tive that we do everything we can to help families avoid lead poisoning. The Environmental Protection Agen-cy has proposed reasonable require-ments for workers to train and follow lead-safe work practices. It is impor-tant to mention that the rule does not apply to do-it-yourselfers or those making improvements to newer homes. Opponents argue that when EPA first proposed the rule back in 2008, the rule offered a training exemption for those contractors who used an EPA-approved test kit that meets specific criteria. There are now three EPA recognized test kits available on the market. In light of the tragedy in Flint, Michigan, it is unfathomable that this bill would actively strip one of EPA’s tools for addressing lead paint in homes. If we do not remove this harm-ful rider, we are choosing to endanger the health of our children. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, the Lowey amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, let me be clear, the language in the bill does not block EPA’s implementation of the rule. To date, EPA has not yet approved a test kit that meets the false positive and false negative standards. It is yet another example of EPA finalizing a rule with unattainable standards. Therefore, the FY17 bill prompts the EPA to finish what it intended to do 7 years ago—approve a lead test kit as an alternative to costly third-party lab testing so as to prevent delays and re-duce the cost of in-home renovations. Otherwise, EPA should solicit formal public comment on alternatives. The language in the bill prevents EPA from collecting fines for paperwork and rec-ordkeeping violations until EPA solic-its public comments on alternatives. It is straightforward, commonsense language. As such, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, may I ask the Chair how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 3 minutes re-maining. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. I
SRAEL ). Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I thank my distinguished friend from Pennsyl-vania. Mr. Chairman, I rise in very strong support of the Lowey amendment. This amendment would strike a pro-vision of the bill that waives part of the EPA’s lead renovation, repair, and painting rule. Mr. Chairman, after Flint, we have become more aware of the growing need to protect our communities from the devastating impacts of lead expo-sure. According to the CDC, at least 4 million households have children who are exposed to high levels of lead, espe-cially in low-income communities. EPA’s rule has been in effect since 2008, so why now, 8 years later, is the majority trying to undermine these protections? Why now? Why after Flint? Mr. Chairman, lead paint is still present in millions of homes. Now is not the time, it is absolutely the wrong time, to give industry a pass at the ex-pense of America’s children. I urge adoption of the amendment to protect the health and well-being of the American people. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from New York for those important words. Either we protect our children from lead paint or we don’t. Mr. Chairman, I don’t think anybody here would want to live in a home or send their children to a school that was renovated by a company that reck-lessly did not have lead-safe training. We owe it to our children and grand-children to take every step possible to prevent harmful lead exposure. Vote for my amendment, vote for the Lowey amendment, to improve this bill and help ensure that fewer children will suffer lead poisoning. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, again, we are talking about an agency that can’t even get a test right after 7 years. Until they do that, it is yet an-other example of EPA finalizing a rule with unattainable standards. I oppose this amendment, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ART-
WRIGHT ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . BECERRA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 28 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 149, strikes lines 18 through 25. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from California (Mr. B
ECERRA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, my amendment strikes section 430 from the underlying bill. Section 430 blocks efforts by the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to ensure that industries which handle hazardous substances set aside sufficient funds, in the form of bonds or insurance, to clean up toxic spills or releases that are attributable to their hazardous activities. Under current law, the EPA is re-quired to set financial responsibility requirements for industries at high risk of polluting the environment to the point of creating these toxic Super-fund sites. Congress required the EPA to establish financial responsibility re-quirements to ensure that taxpayers do not have to pay for the cost of cleaning up contaminated sites. Communities across America experi-ence firsthand what it is like to live and breathe through the contamina-tion of a serial polluter. Right now, thousands of people in my hometown of Los Angeles are living through this very nightmare. After nearly 30 years of operating a lead recycling battery plant, Exide Technologies in the Los Angeles area shut its operations down after contaminating some 10,000 thou-sand homes with lead—let me repeat that—10,000 homes with lead in the Los Angeles area. It has been more than a year since Exide shut down this plant and we still don’t know who will foot the bill for cleaning those nearly 10,000 homes with each home carrying up to a $40,000 price tag to get cleaned up. A $40,000 price tag, 10,000 homes—do the math— $400 million. And that $400 million only deals with the cleanup, it doesn’t deal with the health effects that those 10,000-plus people will have to deal with for their children and for themselves having suffered from the contamina-tion of lead in and around their prop-erty. Mr. Chairman, section 430 lets pol-luters off the hook and leaves the American taxpayer on the hook for cleaning up their messes. I don’t be-lieve the American people intend for American taxpayers to have to take on the cost of cleaning up someone else’s pollution. That is why I have introduced this amendment to strike section 430 from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.149 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4766 July 12, 2016 
the bill, so that polluters, not Amer-ican taxpayers, take the responsibility for cleaning up their mess. I urge passage of my amendment to ensure that polluters, not taxpayers, clean up their pollution. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, unfor-tunately, EPA is under a court order to propose a rule by December 2016, ac-cording to a suit brought by the envi-ronmentalists, to compel EPA to move forward with more regulation on a schedule they dictate. BLM, the Forest Service, and the States already impose financial assur-ance regulations. Therefore, any EPA regulations proposed would be duplica-tive. The Western Governors’ Association, along with others, have indicated a willingness to work together to ensure that there aren’t gaps in the existing regulatory framework so such require-ments remain protective. Therefore, there already is a process in place, and language that has been included in the bill, to alleviate the need for EPA to expend taxpayer resources to develop yet another set of duplicative rules. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 2
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, section 430 in this bill provides a blanket prohibition of the EPA having the opportunity to make sure that financial responsibility re-quirements are imposed on polluters. There may be some provisions in this bill to try to deal with some of these aspects of pollution, but there is noth-ing that would require the polluter to show financial responsibility if we don’t get rid of section 430. Therefore, in this bill, we would es-sentially be making lawful polluters polluting communities and not having to take responsibility for cleaning them up. I don’t believe the American people, and certainly not American taxpayers, are expecting Congress to be passing bills that put the burden on taxpayers to clean up someone else’s pollution. Beyond the cost of the pollution is the cost to our families. Children who are infected by lead contamination could suffer a permanent effect. I think that we want to make sure we are pro-viding our children and our families with every bit of safety they expect, es-pecially when they had no responsi-bility for the contamination of the pol-lution that exists in their neighbor-hoods. I urge my colleagues to consider this amendment which simply would strike this provision so that EPA can do the work that we expect it to do, and that is to preserve the safety and health of our communities by making sure if you are going to have a business that pol-lutes, that you be responsible for clean-ing it up. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I en-courage opposition to this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Chair, if a busi-ness pollutes, then it is the responsibility of that business, not the taxpayer, to pay for the cleanup. It is that simple and it is morally right and fair. I represent Vernon, California, where a lead- acid battery recycling plant, for years, blanketed families in and around Vernon with lead, arsenic, and other toxins. The plant eventually closed but tragically, its environmental damage remains, leaving an estimated 10,000 contaminated homes. Because there are no clear requirements for financial responsibility, the response to the lead contamination in my district was delayed, and after more than a year, it still has not been resolved. Families living in these areas continue to live in fear for their children while others struggle to care for children who, as a result of this contamination, are suffering from learning disabilities, cancer and other health related issues. To allow section 430 to prohibit the EPA from issuing financial responsibility require-ments for businesses that handle hazardous substances which can pollute our communities across the country is madness, Mr. Speaker. We must pass this amendment to ensure that polluters who cheat the system pay the bill, not the American taxpayer. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. B
ECERRA ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No 29 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ), I offer amend-ment No. 29. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 150, strike line 1 and all that follows through page 151, line 2. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, every-one who doesn’t deny the science un-derstands that climate change is real and dangerous. Uncontrolled carbon pollution is going into the atmosphere, trapping more heat, and warming the planet. Americans are experiencing the re-sults in every part of this country. From more devastating fires in the West, including San Diego, to flooding in West Virginia, to coastal erosion in superstorms along the east coast, we are experiencing climate change today and it is getting worse. b2015 We have a choice—pretend it is not happening and abandon future genera-tions, or start to clean up the carbon pollution that is driving climate change. As President Obama recently said: ‘‘Climate change is no longer some far- off problem. It is happening here. It is happening now.’’ We can’t wait for some future genera-tion to take action. To that end, the EPA finalized a workable plan to re-duce carbon emissions from power plants, which are the largest uncon-trolled source of man-made greenhouse gases in the United States. The Clean Power Plan gives the States tremendous flexibility to choose how to achieve those reductions. The goals are State-specific and cost-effec-tive. This is a moderate and reasonable approach that ensures flexibility, af-fordability, reliability, and investment in clean energy technologies; and polls show that the public supports the Clean Power Plan by large majorities. It outlines a path to cleaner air, better health, a safer climate, and a stronger economy. If we make these invest-ments in cleaner energy, the United States can be the world leader in indus-tries of the future. The majority wants to stop this. They want to deny the science, pretend climate change isn’t happening, and let power plants keep spewing carbon pol-lution without control. They refuse to act to limit carbon pollution, and now they are outraged that President Obama is keeping his word and using his authority under the Clean Air Act to act because we in Congress won’t. So they included language in the under-lying bill that aims to block the imple-mentation of the Clean Power Plan and the EPA’s carbon pollution standards for new and modified power plants. This is a ‘‘just say ‘no’’’ agenda. My amendment strikes the harmful rider from the bill. Let’s not heed the arguments on be-half of companies that profit from the status quo. These are defeatist argu-ments. They aren’t interested in devel-oping a plan to help us reduce emis-sions while maintaining a reasonably and reliably priced electricity system. We have already wasted enough time on legislation to ‘‘just say ‘no’’’ to cli-mate action. Now Congress must move on. What we cannot do, as President Obama said, is ‘‘condemn our children to a planet beyond their capacity to re-pair it.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:18 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.151 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4767 July 12, 2016 
I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-port my amendment. The Clean Power Plan is an important, long overdue, and critical tool in our fight against global climate change. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ) is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, the Su-preme Court has ruled on a number of occasions that the EPA does not have the authority to rewrite the Clean Air Act, as it has been attempting to do. In February, the Supreme Court issued a stay on the EPA’s greenhouse gas rule. It is no surprise that the EPA finds itself on shaky legal ground as it at-tempts to rely on limited authorities to write a rule that would vastly ex-pand its reach. This administration’s policies, regu-lations, and rhetoric are all aimed at making energy more expensive in America. The administration cannot be allowed to change the laws of the land administratively, which is why the lan-guage in this bill should remain in this bill. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment to strike. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, may I in-quire as to how much time I have re-maining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) has 21⁄2 minutes remaining. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. I
SRAEL ). Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chair, I rise in sup-port of this amendment. The effects of climate change are real, and they are being felt by Ameri-cans every day. NASA says that cli-mate change is causing drought and in-creased forest fire frequency in the West, flooding in the Midwest, declin-ing water supplies in the Southeast. Ninety-seven percent of all climate ex-perts agree that human activity, spe-cifically the combustion of fossil fuels and the release of carbon into the at-mosphere, is changing our climate; yet this Congress continues to deny that there is a crisis, and it refuses to take the action that is necessary to protect the safety, the health, and the well- being of our constituents. Mr. Chair, the standards that the ad-ministration has proposed are just about protecting the health of our chil-dren and putting this Nation on a path to a 30 percent reduction in carbon pol-lution from the power sector by 2030. We cannot continue to deny that there is something happening with our weather. We cannot continue to deny that there is something happening with our climate nor can we continue to deny that, if we do this right, we will create a new generation of jobs and ca-reers in new technologies. For those reasons, I urge my colleagues to sup-port this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ). Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chair, we, as a country, should be pur-suing a true all-of-the-above approach to energy-electricity generation. Un-fortunately, this administration’s power plant rules would pick winners and losers. It would determine the mar-ket for coal, cost miners their jobs, and raise energy prices for all Americans. The EPA has exceeded its legal au-thority by double regulating coal-fired power plants and by forcing States to fundamentally shift their energy port-folios away from coal. It sets standards for new coal-fired power plants that are based on technologies which have not even been proven to be commercially available. While this administration is using every regulatory effort that is possible to put our hardworking coal miners in the unemployment line, we are pushing back here on the Appropriations Com-mittee. We included this important provision in this bill to protect miners, to protect families, and to protect busi-nesses and our economy. The chairman is exactly right when he references the United States Su-preme Court. The other side would sim-ply take casually the fact that there is no legal authority for the administra-tion to pursue the rules and regula-tions like in this particular case. It is critically important that we oppose this amendment. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I understand the gentleman’s concern about coal. Without the implementation of the Clean Power Plan, coal has been af-fected by the market, not by the EPA, and the availability of natural gas has certainly, I think, hurt the coal indus-try. I understand that, but this is a sensible approach to dealing with air quality and climate change; and I urge my colleagues to support it. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I urge op-position to this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 30 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 152, strike lines 14 through 24. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, my amend-ment would strike section 434, a harm-ful policy rider that limits the ability of our environmental agencies to take action to improve public health and to fight the root causes of climate change. If we are to lower the impact of greenhouse gas emissions, we need Fed-eral action. The largest source of greenhouse gas emissions in the United States is from burning fossil fuels, which raises atmospheric levels of CO
2. Greenhouse gas emissions can affect coastal regions, energy, defense, food supplies, wildfire preparedness, and our quality of life. This rider blocks the Environmental Protection Agency’s ongoing efforts to reduce the damage that hydrofluorocarbons do to our climate. Hydrofluorocarbons, or HFCs, are fac-tory-made gasses that are used in air- conditioning and refrigeration and are up to 10,000 times more potent pound for pound than carbon dioxide. While not as abundant as carbon di-oxide, super pollutants, like HFCs and methane, have contributed up to 40 percent of observed global warming. Unless we act now, the United States’ HFC emissions are expected to double by 2020 and to triple by 2030. By limiting the EPA’s authority under the Clean Air Act to propose, fi-nalize, or enforce any regulation or guidance regarding HFCs, this rider would undercut its ability to protect public health and to demonstrate American leadership in emissions re-ductions. The EPA’s Significant New Alter-natives Policy Program, or SNAP, re-quires us to evaluate substitutes that are already being developed by indus-try for super pollutants like HFCs. Through SNAP, we can ensure a more smooth transition to safer alternatives for our country’s industrial sector. Last year, the SNAP finalized a new rule on HFCs that the Environmental Investigation Agency estimates will re-duce emissions by 2030 by the equiva-lent of taking 21 million cars off the road. The standards set by the EPA will drive U.S. and international innovation and the market development of low- emission and energy-efficient refrigera-tion, air-conditioning, foam blowing agents, and aerosol technologies. These innovations will actually get at one of the root causes of climate change be-fore we are forced to react to increas-ingly extreme weather and sea level rise. By embracing these forward-thinking proposals, we can tackle the low-hang-ing fruit while adopting alternatives that are actually much more energy ef-ficient than current HFCs. This is one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.154 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4768 July 12, 2016 
example of how embracing the clean energy revolution doesn’t just limit damage to our climate but also in-creases America’s competitiveness and creates economic opportunity. Last year, we saw major companies, includ-ing Coca-Cola, Carrier, DuPont, Honey-well, PepsiCo, and other industry lead-ers commit to voluntarily reducing harmful HFC emissions. I appreciate the concerns of some in the industry about the pace at which they are required to transition to lower emission materials, but the answer to that is not to halt this process en-tirely. Preventing the SNAP program from functioning when less harmful materials are being developed is not the right approach. My amendment strikes this shortsighted rider so that America can continue to be a leader in advancing innovative solutions to re-ducing our emissions. We should not be handcuffing the important work being done at the EPA to reduce super pol-lutants. I ask my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, last year, the EPA issued a final rule to dis-qualify many refrigerants and other chemicals. The rule contained aggres-sive deadlines for the phase-out of many chemicals. Some of those dead-lines applied within 6 months. Histor-ical experience with the Montreal Pro-tocol indicated that manufacturers needed 6-plus years to successfully transition between new materials. It is nice if the Fortune 100 compa-nies, as the gentleman mentioned, are able to quickly transfer their tech-nologies, but a lot of Main Street peo-ple can’t. They just simply go broke. Clearly, the EPA chose winners and losers, and for the losers, the timelines are absolutely unworkable. Manufac-turers need time to implement engi-neering and technology changes and to address new risk and safety challenges. No sooner did the EPA finalize its regulation last year to disqualify cer-tain products than the EPA initiated version 2.0—that the rulemaking is now in the works. This is truly an out- of-control process that is driven by the White House’s agenda. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I take the gentleman’s point. I would just say again that, if there are concerns about the timeline, I would be more than willing to work—and I am sure my col-leagues would—on a better timeline, but stopping all activity is not the an-swer. That is why I think this is the appropriate response; so I urge my col-leagues to support the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 31 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 154, strike line 22 and all that follows through page 155, line 8. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chair, the social— or real—cost of carbon is the monetary estimate of the damages caused by car-bon dioxide emissions to the environ-ment, health, and economic growth. Today’s bill contains an unnecessary and harmful policy rider that would delay, indefinitely, incorporating that cost in rulemaking or guidance docu-ments. My amendment would strike that bad rider and would, instead, put us on a path of responsible policy-making that reflects the realities of changing climates and increasingly ex-treme weather events. b2030 Former New York City Mayor Mi-chael Bloomberg’s bipartisan Risky Business report notes that accounting for the real cost of carbon emissions and preparing for climate change is a smart business practice. If we continue on our current path, by 2050, between $66 billion and $106 bil-lion worth of existing coastal property will likely be below sea level nation-wide. Eighty percent of California’s GDP is derived from our coastal coun-ties. Greenhouse gas-driven changes in temperature by burning fossil fuels will necessitate construction of new power generation that Mayor Bloomberg’s re-port estimates will cost residential and commercial ratepayers as much as $12 billion per year. That is $12 billion that could be spent by families to put their kids through school or to buy a home. It could be spent by businesses to hire more employees or give annual bo-nuses. Accounting for the social cost of car-bon now provides greater certainty and greater freedom in the future. I anticipate my colleagues in opposi-tion to this amendment will suggest that the harmful rider merely delays using the social cost of carbon until a new working group can update the data we use to guide rulemaking. In prac-tice, this would send this rule back to the drawing board when the data we have now about how carbon emissions damage our economy and our health is perfectly adequate and backed by peer- reviewed science. By adding more layers of bureauc-racy, this rider rejects a forward-think-ing approach already used by the pri-vate sector and backed by science in favor of the status quo, in favor of doing nothing. There is a real cost to our environ-ment and our prosperity associated with delaying this rule. For too long we have heard that we have had to choose between supporting prosperity and a clean environment. The implica-tion is we can’t have both, but that is a false choice we can’t afford to make. We have to provide both economic op-portunity and clean water and air for future generations. I want to take a cue from the private sector, from businesses that already account for the cost of carbon, and let’s be sensible and support this amendment. I want to thank my friends—Con-gressman P
OLIS, Congressman L
OWENTHAL , Congresswoman E STY, Congressman B
EYER , and Congressman W
ELCH —for backing this effort. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I have long been concerned with how the EPA conducts its cost-benefit analysis to justify its rulemaking. This is some-thing that the committee has discussed with the EPA on a number of occa-sions. The Supreme Court recently ruled that EPA’s approach to exam-ining costs in their regulations was, at the least, flawed. The administration’s revised esti-mates for the social cost of carbon help justify, on paper, larger benefits from reducing carbon emissions in any pro-posed rule. If the administration can inflate the price tag so that the bene-fits always exceed the costs, then the administration can gold plate required regulations from any department or any agency. Section 436 says that the administra-tion should reconvene a working group to revise the estimates in a more trans-parent manner and to make that infor-mation available to the public. I oppose the gentleman’s amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, the majority has repeatedly brought bills to this same House floor that add 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.157 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4769 July 12, 2016 
requirements for Federal agencies to use more cost-benefit analyses; but now, when we are dealing with climate change, we are told that we should re-move requirements to honestly con-sider the cost of climate change. Which way do you want it? Is cost- benefit analysis only a good thing when it suits the majority’s purpose to slow regulation and a bad thing when it may shed some light on the true cost of our carbon-based actions? Ignoring the facts because we don’t like them won’t make the problem go away. Greenhouse gas emissions from human activities are causing climate change with profound monetary costs for our health, infrastructure, food se-curity, and national security. Let’s bring more information and transparency into the Federal rule-making process by using the social cost of carbon to quantify those costs. That way we can understand the risks and make sound investments in our Na-tion’s future. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. P
OLIS). Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, this is ironic because we hear from Repub-licans all the time about the impor-tance of cost-benefit analyses before this regulation, before that regulation. Well, of course, we acknowledge and I acknowledge that there are costs to regulation with regard to emissions, there is no doubt. There are also bene-fits. I have a tourism-dependent district. We have great ski areas like Vail, Breckenridge. Well, guess what. That is climate dependent. We have agri-culture in my district—climate depend-ent. You know what? I would also ac-knowledge, of course, all the costs, all the benefits, those are estimates. You know, what? No model is perfect, but I guarantee you that the model is far superior to just throwing it out al-together and having no model. There are real costs to carbon emissions, and it is completely appropriate to use the best science-driven data to estimate those in any type of regulation. It is important to look at costs as benefits, and I feel we are making the argument our Republican friends usu-ally make. But here, in this case, they don’t happen to like these particular costs. Maybe they don’t think they are real. Maybe they don’t believe in them. But we let science guide us. The fact that I have a weather-de-pendent district and we have a climate- dependent economy across our country is powerful testimony towards includ-ing the social cost of carbon. I urge my colleagues to adopt the amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ). Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chair, folks, here is what is going on: the EPA and other Federal agencies are increasingly using this thing called social cost of carbon in their environ-mental rulemaking. So what is social cost of carbon? It is an ambiguous and confusing matrix that has been used simply to justify the validity of many of the administra-tion’s clean air environmental regula-tions that target the direct and indi-rect carbon dioxide emissions from var-ious sources. Since its very first use, the adminis-tration has recalculated the models multiple times in order to inflate the supposed cost of small increases in CO2 in the atmosphere and, thus, supposed benefits. What is most outrageous is that the administration, which the minority here says is just simply trying to put in the economic factors, is actually ig-noring the Office of Management and Budget’s circular A–4, which explicitly states that ‘‘a real discount rate of 7 percent should be used as a base-case for regulatory analysis.’’.’’ Guess what. They ran the numbers. Seven percent doesn’t get them what they need from the social costs, so what they do is ignore OMB and come up with their own factors. That is the deceptive nature of their supposed cost factor. Change the underlying assump-tions, change the factors, get the re-sults you want that justify your find-ings. Folks, that is not how we should be doing it. I strongly urge opposition to this amendment. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I would just say, again, I think the gentleman makes an excellent point that 7 per-cent is a pretty aggressive discount rate and maybe we should talk about the methodology. But what we should not do is prevent the discussion in its entirety, which is what that language does. So I hope that my colleagues will support our amendment and that we will be able to get it right. We can agree on a methodology that fairly rep-resents this issue, and I would be happy to work with my colleague. I hope they will support my amendment so we can, at least, have this discussion. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, this is voodoo environmentalism, so I would absolutely have opposition to this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 32 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 155, strike lines 9 through 15. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise to speak on behalf of the amendment that I have offered to pro-tect farmworkers throughout this Na-tion. Every day, farmworkers work long hours under the scorching sun in one of the most dangerous industries in this country, and they suffer the highest rates of chemical injuries and skin dis-orders due to pesticide exposure. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency estimates that up to 3,000 farmworkers suffer acute pesticide poisoning every year through their work-related expo-sure. Every year, an estimated 1.1 billion pounds of pesticides are applied to ag-ricultural crops in the United States. According to the EPA, 10,000 to 20,000 farmworkers suffer pesticide poisoning annually. Exposure to pesticides in-creases the risk of chronic health prob-lems amongst adult and child farm-workers, such as cancer, infertility, neurological disorders, and respiratory conditions. There are approximately half a mil-lion child farmworkers in the U.S., and farmworker children face increased risks of cancer and birth defects. It should be noted that this workplace, in the farms and working crops, is the only area in this country where child labor laws do not apply. Should we then increase the children’s risk and exposure because they are not covered by a law that covers the rest of the children in this country? Research also shows that both farm-workers and their children may suffer decreased intellectual functioning from even low levels of exposure to insecti-cides, which are widely used in agri-culture. After more than 20 years, the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency finally made the long overdue updates to the worker protection standards for farm-workers. The standards provide basic workplace protections to farmworkers to reduce harmful exposures and result in fewer pesticide-related injuries, ill-nesses, birth defects, and deaths among farmworkers and their family mem-bers. Farmworkers play a critical role in our economy, ensuring that our con-stituents have nutritious, quality food 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.160 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4770 July 12, 2016 
on their tables. The 2017 Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriation Act contains a harmful provision, section 437, that will remove farmworkers’ rights to a designated representative. A designated representative in this process is a critical part of improving access to pesticide information for workers in various situations. There are times when a worker may need the help of a spouse, family member, or co-worker to obtain information. For in-stance, if a worker is injured or hurt and cannot be there in person, the in-formation could be requested by the treating medical personnel. This stand-ard is in practice in other sectors where workers are exposed to toxic substances and is consistent with the access to exposure records that those workers now have. To protect the health of those who harvest the food for our constituents and put it on our tables, it is critical to have a uniform Federal standard that applies to all workers, and that is the right to have a designated representa-tive. In the amendment that I offer, I would simply strike section 437 in order to protect farmworkers’ rights and also provide health protections. I urge my colleagues to support the Grijalva-Sanchez amendment to strike section 437. This amendment is impor-tant to the health and safety of farm-workers and their families. We must ensure that farmworkers can appro-priately access information on pes-ticides so they can protect themselves and their families while doing their jobs that are so vital to our Nation and to our economy. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, prior to finalizing the worker protection rule, the EPA shared a draft with the House Committee on Agriculture. The draft did not contain a section that au-thorized the use of designated rep-resentatives. It was later inserted by the EPA without congressional con-sultation, and the EPA failed to follow the law that requires consultation with the authorizers on these pesticide rules. However, the broader concern is the substance of the rule. Farmers are con-cerned they will have little recourse but to turn over their documents to un-authorized individuals. The section of the rule is ill-advised, and unintended consequences were clearly not consid-ered. The EPA needs to reengage with the authorizing committee and the ag-ricultural community on this. In the meantime, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. b2045 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, at the urging of many organizations, and at the urging of being consistent and uniform with the protections extended to workers who work with toxic sub-stances throughout this country, which includes the provision that a represent-ative may represent the interests, seek information, and provide transparency for that worker in order for them to pursue their health and their safety. I think this section, the worker pro-tection section, if we strike this sec-tion, all we are doing is making the process uniform for every industry. To deny farmworkers, and more particu-larly children, as I mentioned, that is the only workplace sector in which the child labor laws do not apply, to pro-vide them, their families, and children with the simple ability to be treated like every other worker, in every other industry, that deals with toxic sub-stances, I think, is just merely playing a fair game, treating all workers equal-ly, and in this instance, this amend-ment would be consistent with what is going on in the rest of the Nation and the protections extended to all work-ers. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I urge opposition to this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 33 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an excellent amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 156, strike line 23 and all that follows through page 157, line 11. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I am proud to offer this amendment, along with my colleagues, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. L UJAN  G
RISHAM . It is a very simple amendment. It just strikes a policy rider, section 439 of the bill. This section would block the EPA from doing its job. It would block the EPA’s commonsense stand-ards for sources of emissions of meth-ane in the oil and gas industry, an issue that is literally in our backyards in the State of Colorado. It would even prevent the EPA from doing research into existing drill sites for methane standard purposes, and, most astonishing, it would actually prevent the EPA from clarifying the scope of emission sources, which would continue to make sure that we know less and are less protected rather than more protected. The President and the EPA are tak-ing action to protect our country, our planet, from methane emissions. It is past time that we take bold action to combat climate change and reduce the impact of impending catastrophic changes to our climate, to our world, reducing national security and hurting our economy in tourism and agri-culture-dependent districts like mine. Taking aggressive action now is, quite simply, a moral imperative, not only within the purview of the EPA, but the actual charge that Congress is giving the Environmental Protection Agency. The sad reality is that right now, the majority of our energy still comes from fossil fuels. That is why while of course we need to invest in renewables, at the same time, we can’t wait to transition entirely to renewable energy before we address the extraction process that re-leases dangerous chemicals, such as methane as a by-product. Pound for pound, methane pollution from oil and gas wells is 80 times more potent than carbon dioxide and is responsible for one-quarter of human-made climate change, according to scientists. These EPA rules are long overdue standards for the oil and gas industry, which will reduce methane pollution and provide certainty for the industry. Although I wish, frankly, these new rules went further, I wish, frankly, that Congress had taken bold action, these stricter standards are a good start, and they are necessary. Sci-entists have recently published even more convincing data showing that the methane released during natural gas extraction is a deadly climate threat. New scientific mapping shows that 12.4 million people live within a half mile of the 1.2 million active oil and gas facilities in the United States, many in my home of Colorado. This threat radius is a very conservative es-timate of the distance from which toxic air emissions from oil and gas fa-cilities have an adverse impact on pub-lic health. It is why in many areas of northern Colorado and Wyoming, we have worse air quality than downtown Los Angeles. We must not prevent the EPA from moving forward to protect our air, our water, and our planet, which is what Congress has charged them to do. It is time for us to allow them to do their science-based work. It is time to make the fossil fuel industry and fracking play by the same set of rules the rest of the country plays by, instead of letting them emit tons of chemicals, literally tons of chemicals into our air that put our health and the future of the planet in jeopardy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.163 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4771 July 12, 2016 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, in May, EPA issued regulations for new and existing oil and gas operations. These are the latest steps in the Presi-dent’s climate agenda. EPA pulled the rug out from underneath these compa-nies, working in good faith to share in-formation with the Agency. The indus-try was making tremendous progress to reduce emissions through voluntary measures. By any measurable degree, they were making tremendous progress. But this administration feels the need to overregulate the oil and gas in-dustry at every single turn, to use their police powers to bring this indus-try to their knees. I urge my col-leagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, voluntary measures are just that, voluntary. While there might, and perhaps there are a few good actors willing to abide by them in some States, like my home State of Colorado, have implemented air standards. What we care about is the aggregate. We want to discourage a race to the bottom among producers and have a national baseline for meth-ane emissions. While, again, frankly, I think this rule should go a lot further, at least it provides that baseline, provides the in-dustry certainty, and helps begin the process of us getting a handle on ensur-ing that the air we breathe is clean and reducing climate change. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS .) Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, here we go again. Just two amendments ago we had something called the social cost of carbon. Well, yes, the administration has now put out a new methane rule. Guess what. Social cost of methane is now being put forth as the economic justification for their rules. I pointed out just a moment ago that despite the OMB’s circular recom-mending a certain discount rate, unfor-tunately when running the numbers, apparently the Agency doesn’t get the results they want, so what they do is change the underlying assumptions. I rise in opposition to this amend-ment. This amendment would remove a critical provision to protect against new, expansive methane regulations that could harm the economy, would harm the economy, and strangle our domestic energy portfolio. These regu-lations are being developed using the same overly aggressive interpretation of the Clean Air Act that was respon-sible for the costly, burdensome Clean Power Plan. What is interesting on this one, how-ever, is that even the EPA found that the methane rule would provide only marginal benefits. But they plow ahead regardless of that finding. I urge the opposition to this amendment. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, you can’t just pretend that things don’t have costs. Of course, carbon emissions have a cost. Of course, methane emissions have a cost. It doesn’t mean that peo-ple are proposing we abolish carbon emissions from our economy. It means we want to look at, in this case, meth-ane emissions and their cost. Colorado has implemented similar rules already that the industry has adopted. There are actors in the industry who want this very certainty so they know what they need to do with regard to methane emissions. There are plenty of compa-nies providing new recapture tech-nologies. All this does is begin to get a handle on it. Again, in my opinion, it doesn’t go far enough. In my opinion, it isn’t the kind of action I would hope a bold Congress would take. But at the very least, let’s have standards for methane emissions. Let’s prevent a ban on re-search into existing drill sites for methane standard purposes. If this section is left intact, not only does it strike the emission standards, it prevents the EPA from doing re-search into what the standards should be or could be, so we are never going to reach ‘‘the right answer.’’ It should be beholden on those who believe that this is not the right answer to actually sup-port the very kind of research for methane standard purposes that is blocked by this very section, which our amendment will remove from the bill. I ask for your support on this simple, commonsense amendment to remove this policy rider and help keep our air clean. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I op-pose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . 
LOWENTHAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 34 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 157, strike lines 13 through 16. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. LOWENTHAL. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would strike a misguided policy rider that could cost taxpayers hundreds of mil-lions of dollars, and it maintains a sweetheart, below-market deal for the fossil fuel industry. My amendment would strike section 440 of the underlying bill, a section that would prevent the Interior De-partment from updating royalty rates and valuation methodologies for coal, oil, and natural gas resources on public lands. Now, I would think that saving the taxpayer money by charging a fair re-turn for the development of our public resources is something that both sides of the aisle could agree upon. So maybe the sponsors behind this policy rider didn’t know the true magnitude of the cost to taxpayers that their rider to this appropriations bill would impose upon Americans. To make sure that we all understand, Mr. Chair, what we would be costing the taxpayer if we were to vote to keep this harmful rider, Mr. Chair, I would like to share some eye-opening re-search on this matter. The nonpartisan Congressional Budg-et Office, the CBO, just released in April a detailed study that reviewed possible changes to the oil and gas fis-cal system. That report explicitly ana-lyzed how much money the American taxpayer is losing from the current below-market onshore oil and gas roy-alty rates. CBO concluded that the U.S. Treas-ury would receive $200 million addi-tional and the Western States another $200 million over 10 years if the Inte-rior Department were to simply raise the onshore royalty rates to parity with the current offshore royalty rates. So, to be clear, keeping this mis-guided policy rider would prevent an additional $200 million from being sent to the Western States and another $200 million to the Federal taxpayer. Mr. Chairman, I have also heard spe-cious arguments that claim raising on-shore royalty rates will decrease pro-duction, put all oil and gas companies out of business and actually reduce the return to the taxpayer. This is false, and here is why: The CBO analyzed these effects and found that this was not the case. The CBO found that the effects on production would be neg-ligible, and that the increases in Fed-eral and State revenues are net in-creases that include the decreases in income from bonus bids and production changes. Furthermore, production would not simply move to State or pri-vate lands to find lower royalty rates because private mineral owners and Western States, like Wyoming, New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.166 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4772 July 12, 2016 
Mexico, Louisiana, North Dakota, Montana, even Oklahoma and Texas, all of them charge higher royalty rates. Thus, I hope these facts will disabuse those who used to believe in keeping onshore oil and gas royalty rates below market price, and now will, instead, support the Lowenthal amendment No. 34 that will allow the Interior Depart-ment to provide the taxpayer and Western States with hundreds of mil-lions of dollars in additional revenue. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b2100 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, we in-cluded a provision in this prohibiting the Department of the Interior from changing royalty rates in its valuation regulation for coal, oil, and gas on Fed-eral land in order to stem the hem-orrhaging of jobs we are seeing in coal country and throughout the United States. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE). Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to Mr. L
OWENTHAL ’s amend-ment to strike the language that would defund the administration’s efforts to kill coal, oil, and gas development. My colleagues and I included this language for good reason. We are try-ing to protect our schools, our infra-structure, our communities, and the very livelihoods that depend on these revenues. I know that royalty and valuation mean very little outside these walls, but to my constituents across Mon-tana, it means funding schools and em-powering local communities. Mike Johnson, an operating engineer from Billings, I think sums it up best: 
I am a working man from Montana. I am not a doctor or a lawyer or anything, but I personally suffered from the Federal mis-management of our public lands in western Montana. I am a displaced worker from a paper mill. I now work in eastern Montana, and people don’t understand the impact these jobs have on our lives. I saw five about five of my friends commit suicide after the mill closed. My wife had cancer, and I lost my health care, and I lost darn good-paying jobs. 
The chairman of the great Crow Na-tion, Old Coyote, said: 
A war on coal is a war on the Crow people. 
Without Crow revenue, without rev-enue from coal, the Crow people faced a lifetime of despair and poverty. They have very few options but coal. Yet, this administration, at every turn, tries to prevent the Crow Nation from being sovereign and from having their choice to export and use their resource as they want. These words capture the real problem, and the cost is real peo-ple. I know that many don’t understand where Montana is. Montana is the same size as from here to Chicago, plus 2 miles. I understand Montana. I under-stand that Montana is blessed with re-sources, and we want to use them in a responsible way. But I also have to pro-tect our families, our ability to provide a living in Montana. For this reason, I ask my colleagues to vote against this amendment and stand with American workers, families, and the great Crow Nation. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, may I ask how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) has 1 minute remaining. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, we heard a very passionate plea that this amendment of mine would hurt jobs, would hurt schools, would kill coal. It is just the opposite. As I pointed out, the CBO’s report just indicated that production would not go down. In fact, the largest im-pact upon production, the dominant factor that controls production, is the price of crude oil and natural gas, not the royalty rates. I also would like to remind those on the other side of the aisle that States like Montana already at the State level and also on private property charge much higher than we are asking at the Federal level. I would agree to the same charge that Montana charges residents for its own oil and gas and coal production. Mr. Chairman, I request an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this very reasonable amend-ment that really brings money back to both States and also to the Federal Treasury. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, it is interesting. We hear the devastating effects from people who represent these States that are rich in natural re-sources and what is happening in coal country and to the oil industry and the rest. I respect their opinion and I, obvi-ously, oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 35 printed in House Report 114–683. 
PERMISSION TO CONSIDER AMENDMENT NOS . 35, 
36, 37, 38, 39, AND 40 OFFERED BY MR . MCNER -
NEY OF CALIFORNIA EN BLOC  
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that amendment Nos. 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, and 40 printed in House Report 114–683, be considered en bloc. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC OFFERED BY MR . 
MCNERNEY OF CALIFORNIA  
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I offer amendment Nos. 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, and 40. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments. The text of the amendments is as fol-lows: AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 162, beginning on line 14, strike sec-tion 447. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 166, beginning on line 19, strike sec-tion 448. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 172, beginning on line 4, strike sec-tion 449. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 182, beginning on line 18, strike sec-tion 450. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 182, beginning on line 24, strike sec-tion 451. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . MCNERNEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 183, beginning on line 3, strike sec-tion 452. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I am submitting an amendment to strike provisions from Mr. V
ALADAO ’s bill, H.R. 2898, that were included as riders in this year’s Interior and EPA appro-priations bill. I am disappointed that my Repub-lican colleagues continue to attach bad policy on important appropriations bills. In this case, they have attached the same damaging riders to the Inte-rior appropriations bill that would drain the California delta with over pumping. These provisions would rav-age the ecology of the delta, destroy the local fish and wildlife, and harm communities we serve. They would undermine 40 years of progress in protecting our land and re-sources. They override environmental protection for California rivers, fish-eries, threatening thousands of fishing jobs, and weaken the Endangered Spe-cies Act. Fish will go extinct. But my Republican colleagues claim that this bill will not harm fish. These sections violate existing bio-logical opinions protecting salmon and other endangered fish, which would im-pact the salmon industry across the en-tire Pacific Coast. These riders do nothing to prepare our communities for droughts in the future. These are droughts we know are coming. They misstate California water law and encourage further re-gional divides in the West when we need to work together to bridge those differences. H.R. 2898 has been opposed by the State and key stakeholders, including commercial and sport fishermen, Na-tive American tribes, environmental groups, and recreational employers. And the Obama administration has al-ready threatened to veto it, but my Re-publican colleagues keep claiming that water is being wasted. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Sep 28, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\JUL2016\H12JY6.REC H12JY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4773 July 12, 2016 
Hydrological conditions have played a primary role in water deliveries since the start of California’s drought. The 2014 water year was the third driest in California’s recorded history, and some experts conclude that the current drought may be the State’s most se-vere in 1,200 years. Currently, 100 percent of the State is experiencing some level of drought, and more than 40 percent is experi-encing ‘‘exceptional drought,’’ the most severe drought classification ac-cording to the U.S. Drought Monitor. The Department of the Interior esti-mates that the Endangered Species Act accounted for a mere 2 percent of the water supply reduction in the Central Valley Project water deliveries in 2014, and current estimates suggest a simi-larly small impact in 2014. California’s State Water Resources Control Board estimated that in 2015, only 2 percent of this water flowed out to the ocean solely for environmental protection. The water that Donald Trump said was being shoved out to sea was actu-ally used to prevent saltwater intru-sion that would permanently damage some of the most valuable farmland in the world. Water being released for sa-linity control protects Central Valley farms from being contaminated. California and Federal officials have been able to increase exports from the California delta using existing author-ity. This action has helped maximize the use of what little water exists in the State. A lack of water is our big-gest threat, not operational flexibility. And my colleagues still wonder where some of that water went. Well, according to the Bay Institute, earlier this year, approximately two- thirds of storm runoff was captured or diverted, with only one-third of the runoff making it through the delta es-tuary. And for the period of October 1 of last year to January 31, 60 percent of storm water was diverted or stored. Water scarcity in California is caused by longstanding and severe drought and the slow pace of investments in ef-ficiency, water recycling, and other supplies. Many senior water right hold-ers have received 100 percent of their allocation this year. According to State law, they are supposed to get that amount. The other junior right holders got much less, but that is what it means to be a junior water right holder—you don’t get as much water in a drought. California has the right to stop sea-water intrusion, protect water quality for our communities and farms, and distribute allocations according to their water right system. Even the jun-ior water right holders have proven their resiliency. In fact, the National Agriculture Statistics Service projects a record almond crop in California this year. The orchards will yield an esti-mated 2.05 billion pounds, up from an even 2 billion the year before. It would eclipse the record. I am deeply disappointed this bill has been included in this year’s Interior ap-propriations bill, and I hope my amend-ment passes to strike out these harm-ful provisions. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, we all know there has been a drought in Cali-fornia, except for this year. This year, we have had some relief from the his-toric drought conditions that have been certainly made worse by Federal actions, which have, undoubtedly, led to increased pressure on California’s ability to provide water throughout the State. I have been following the flows of water through the delta virtually every day. I remember one day there was 185,000 cubic feet per second moving through the delta. And for whatever reason, decisions were made to only pump 2,500 cubic feet per second when you are allowed under the biological opinion to pump 5,000. I am just going to give that as one example. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. V
ALADAO ), who has been working very hard in the Cen-tral Valley for the farms and his con-stituents. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, 380 million gallons a day; that is a number that should have been quoted. When you hear about 380 million gallons a day of sewage being dumped in this es-tuary that they talk about, this envi-ronment they are trying to protect, when you think about that much sew-age being dumped into the delta on a daily basis, you hear the same people talking about trying to protect it. There are things going on in that delta. And they have been restricting our water for the last 20 years, and it has not saved that species. There are provisions in these bills that actually help. We attacked the invasive species that is attacking the delta smelt, the striped bass. We have offered that pro-vision many times. We are offering many solutions. Like the author mentioned earlier, we have had language in probably five different pieces of legislation going through the House over to the Senate. We have begged for an open and transparent process where we can debate this and have some commonsense ideas brought forward and voted and signed into law so that we can help both our commu-nities. If you truly care about the delta, stop polluting it. If you truly care about the people of California and what it costs to feed your families, if you truly care about farm workers, if you truly care about these small commu-nities, you would care about water and doing this right and having an honest debate. Now, I have been approached off cam-era a million times now to have an-other off-camera conversation about this, and we have said all along: No more conversation like that. Every-thing on the floor. This is an open, transparent process. Five pieces of leg-islation have this language in it. And we are going to continue to push until we can get some support so we can fix this problem. b2115 So those little communities in my district that people claim to care about could actually turn on a faucet and fill a pot of water so they can make them-selves some food to eat and some din-ner, maybe bathe their children, be-cause that is where we are today. We have houses that, when they turn on a faucet, they no longer have water. And I get the whole junior water rights concern, but if they were truly concerned about the environment, they would give up some of their water. But you look at Hetch Hetchy, that has had 100 percent of their water and con-tinues to deliver that water via pipe-line all the way to San Francisco with-out one conversation about that water being able to help some of these rivers and some of these species, but they are not willing to give up any of their water. They are willing to take other people’s water. It is the same thing we hear about on so many different issues; take someone else’s product, or some-one else’s water and try to solve an-other problem with it. And the problem has to be solved the right way: language that we have of-fered, that has been offered into these amendments, into these bills, and that we have pushed over to the Senate, and the conversation has to be had in an open, transparent process like our Sen-ators have told us they wanted. So we are here. We are ready for that conversation. We want an honest de-bate, and we want to talk about the way we actually fix these problems. We are not going to try to accommo-date communities dumping their sew-age in the delta, but we want to help those species, and there is language in there to do that, even language in there to help capture some of the water. Use some of the infrastructure we have paid for as taxpayers and allow it to be used to its full capacity so we can continue to store water that we do have and not waste it. This is an honest piece of language that could actually help solve Califor-nia’s problems, and I think we need to continue to have an honest debate. Mr. CALVERT. Obviously, this is an emotional subject. It is not just water that is going to the Central Valley, also to the southern California region for the millions of people who live there. We don’t want to see water wasted. This year, we saw hundreds and hun-dreds of thousands of acre-feet of water being released through the delta, real-ly, with not saving one fish. Even inde-pendent agencies will privately agree that they were overly conservative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.172 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4774 July 12, 2016 
when they were managing the pump operations of late. So this suffering that is going on is terrible. It needs to come to an end. I certainly oppose this amendment and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendments offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 41 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 183, strike line 23 and all that follows through page 184, line 15. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I offer an amendment to strike section 453 from the underlying bill. Section 453 restricts funds from being used to establish a national monument pursuant to the Antiquities Act in sev-eral Western counties, including Mari-copa County in Arizona, a portion of which I represent in Congress. I understand the Member who in-serted this language into the bill dur-ing committee consideration is gen-erally opposed, if not totally opposed, to the use of the Antiquities Act. This section restricts the use of the Antiquities Act on over 160 million acres of public land, nearly one-quarter of all Federal land in the lower 48. I know that many of the Members of Congress who represent these areas do not support this blanket restriction on the use the Antiquities Act. So that we are absolutely clear, these monuments can be established only on land already owned by the Federal Government. This is how Federal lands should be preserved. It is not about adding more land to the Federal estate. Since Theodore Roosevelt’s designa-tion of the first national monument, Devils Tower in Wyoming, 16 Presi-dents from both parties have used the Antiquities Act to protect more than 160 of America’s best known and most loved landscapes; only 3 Presidents have not. America’s public places are becoming more and more inclusive, more rep-resentative of all Americans, and as President Obama has demonstrated with the use of the Antiquities Act, more representative of the real reality, history, culture, and special places of this Nation that represent all people. That is why, presently, I am working with the region’s Native American communities and, in earnest, I have asked the President to designate the Greater Grand Canyon Heritage Na-tional Monument on public land sur-rounding the Grand Canyon. Section 435 of this bill will jeopardize not only that effort, but other efforts around the country to honor, recog-nize, and protect our most cherished cultural, historic, and natural re-sources, and it should be removed from the bill. I urge my colleagues to stand up in defense of the Antiquities Act and sup-port my amendment to strike Section 435 from this bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. STEWART ). Mr. STEWART. Mr. Chairman, some 20 years ago, President Clinton went to Arizona and he pointed across the bor-der into Utah, in my district, and he said: I’m creating a national monu-ment over there—nearly 2 million acres. He did not have the courage to come to Utah to defend this monument nor to create it because he knew that the local people did not support it. That monument has been incredibly unpopu-lar since then. It has kicked ranchers off the range. It has decimated the local economies, until we have reached this point, where some of the local school districts have had to declare an emergency because their schools are dying and their children are having to ride a bus for 2 hours, one way, 2 hours, to go to school. Why? Because there are no jobs that can support a family, and people are having to leave. Local input is so important to the creation of these monuments, and there are examples where local input and where people collaborating have worked together and come to a great solution. R
OBBISHOP has done that. Just yesterday, we held a bipartisan press conference where we had local mayors, Republicans and Democrats, on what we called the Mountain Ac-cord. I am asking President Obama, please, come to my State. Talk to the people in my district. See what they think about this monument. Come talk to us and see how this will impact them. Now, let me close with this. There is a reason I live in Utah. I love to ski. I love to rock climb. I love to hike. I love to sit on my porch and look at the beautiful landscape around me. I want to preserve this. All of us do. But there is a right way to do this and there is a wrong way to do this, and the Antiq-uities Act and the stroke of a pen of a President who won’t even come to the State to defend his action is not the right way. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ). Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend for yielding the time. I really want to support this impor-tant amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona. It is important because it will strike a section of this bill that will hurt a small group of States, including my State of Maine. As we all know, the Congress gave the President the right to create a na-tional monument over 100 years ago. Since then, the President has used that authority to create national monu-ments like Yellowstone, Grand Canyon National Park, and Acadia National Park in my district. National monuments bring economic benefits to States, and the use of the Antiquities Act has been an important conservation tool for over a century. For my State of Maine, a national monument would bring new visitors to the area and create jobs, not just in the immediate region, but throughout the State. For example, we already have a na-tional park in Maine, Acadia National Park. Acadia started out as a national monument 100 years ago this very month, and it brings about 3 million visitors a year to the region. Mr. Chair, this bill has very problem-atic language in that it will block the creation of national monuments, even in areas where one might be supported by our local communities. We need to strip this provision out of the under-lying bill. I urge my colleagues to strongly sup-port the Grijalva amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
OSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, Congress-man G
RIJALVA , who represents south-western Arizona, is seeking to lock up 1.7 million acres in northern Arizona, at the behest of special interest groups, for the sole purpose of preventing min-ing, retiring grazing permits, closing roads to OHV users, and preventing for-est thinning activities. There is signifi-cant opposition in Arizona to this pro-posed land grab, as Americans for Re-sponsible Recreational Access recently reported that a scientific poll found that 71.6 percent of Arizonans are op-posed. In April, I held a public meeting to hear concerns about this proposal, and hundreds of local stakeholders showed up in opposition. More than 30 Arizona witnesses submitted formal testimony against this land grab, including Arizo-na’s Governor, the Arizona Chamber of Commerce and Industry, numerous businesses, sportsmen’s groups, ag 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.174 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4775 July 12, 2016 
groups, local officials, and countless taxpayers. In fact, several of the com-ments pertaining to today are out of line. In fact, in this proposal, the entire town of Tusayan, which is in Coconino County, would be swallowed up by this proposed monument. Town managers testified against it. Arizona State Land Department Commissioner Lisa Atkins submitted testimony stating: ‘‘Of the 1.7 million acres included in the proposal for the Grand Canyon Watershed National Monument, 64,000 acres belong solely to the Common Schools beneficiary: K–12 education.’’ The list goes on and on and on. I asked everybody. In fact, Arizona Gov-ernor Doug Ducey stated: ‘‘Imposition of a preservation management objec-tive overlay on 1.7 million acres of land in Arizona thwarts Arizona’s land man-agement objectives and values, and it does so by bypassing a public process that would most certainly result in a much more thoughtful result. The Grand Canyon Watershed National Monument is not narrow, targeted, warranted, or being considered through an open cooperative public process.’’ I, last but not least, bring up that at-torneys also have testified that this proposed monument will tie up future surface water use and future ground-water use. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on amendment 41. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, is there any time left for the opposition? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 1
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS). Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of Mr. G
RIJALVA ’s amendment. I represent the heart of the Las Vegas Valley, which attracts more than 42 million visitors from around the globe every year to the world fa-mous Strip to visit our first-class casi-nos, restaurants, shopping, and shows. But that is not the only reason peo-ple come to Nevada. They come to see the West as it was hundreds, even thou-sands, of years ago. They come to see the iconic bighorn sheep, the Joshua tree, the petroglyphs that tell the his-tory of the first people who called southern Nevada home. Congress rightfully entrusted in the President the authority to designate such special places for protection, but this bill would eliminate his or her ability to do that, to protect those places that tell America’s stories. I urge my colleagues to support Mr. G
RIJALVA ’s amendment to strip out this section from the bill. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, in closing, let me say, since the item came up of the Grand Canyon, the Grand Canyon is an icon to this whole Nation and is supported overwhelm-ingly by public opinion to create a monument that protects it from deg-radation from uranium mining, that protects the watershed that feeds water to 23 million people across the West, Nevada, California, Arizona. To say that this is merely a grabbing and a taking is to misrepresent history, misrepresent the reality of that re-source; and, in the long term, under-stand that this icon, the Grand Can-yon, is there to be preserved and pro-tected by this Congress, not to be turned over for exploitation. I urge support of the amendment to protect the prerogatives of not only a President, but the prerogatives of our natural resources to be protected in perpetuity for generations and genera-tions to come. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I op-pose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. b2130 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MRS . BLACK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 42 printed in House Report 114–683. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Environ-mental Protection Agency to finalize, imple-ment, administer, or enforce section 1037.601(a)(1) of title 40, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, as proposed to be revised under the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium- and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehi-cles-Phase 2’’ published by the Environ-mental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on July 13, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 40138 et seq.), or any rule of the same substance, with respect to glider kits and glider vehi-cles (as defined in section 1037.801 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, as proposed to be revised under such proposed rule). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment to pro-tect American workers and small man-ufacturing businesses from a misguided provision in a proposed EPA rule. Last year, the EPA released its phase 2 fuel efficiency and emissions standard for new medium- and heavy-duty trucks. While many in the trucking industry are not opposed to the phase 2 rule as a whole, one section in the proposal wrongly applies these standards to what are known as glider kits. A glider kit is a group of vehicle parts that can include a brand new truck frame, cab, or axles, but which does not include an engine or trans-mission. Since a glider kit is less ex-pensive to purchase than a new heavy- duty truck and can extend the invest-ment and working life of a truck, busi-nesses and drivers with a damaged or older vehicle may choose to purchase a glider kit instead of buying a new one. Gliders extend the useful life of truck engines while frequently having a high-er resale price against comparable trucks. Due to their rebuilt engines, they can also often be a more fuel-effi-cient option, allowing trucking compa-nies and drivers to use less fuel. Unfortunately, the EPA is proposing to apply the new phase 2 standards to glider kits even though gliders are not really new vehicles. Further, it is un-clear whether the EPA even has the au-thority to regulate the replacement parts like gliders. While the EPA’s stated goal with phase 2 is to reduce emissions, the agency has not studied the emissions impact of remanufac-tured engines and gliders compared to new vehicles. It appears the agency’s actual moti-vation is to force businesses and driv-ers that would like to use glider kits to instead buy new trucks. Applying the phase 2 standards to glider kits would certainly harm the workers and owners in the glider industry, leading to pos-sible closure of these businesses and job losses at both manufacturers and dealerships. Additionally, the EPA’s rule would limit consumer choice in the marketplace. Under this proposal, many operators and businesses would simply choose to continue using cur-rent vehicles, leaving older trucks on the road longer. My amendment would protect these businesses and American manufac-turing jobs by prohibiting the EPA from finalizing, implementing, admin-istering, or even enforcing phase 2 standards on glider kits. To be clear, this amendment would not—and I repeat, would not—bar the EPA from implementing the whole phase 2 rule for medium and heavy- duty trucks. It would simply clarify that glider kits and glider vehicles are not new trucks as the EPA claims. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment to help sup-port American manufacturing and stop the EPA from attempting to shut down the glider industry. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.177 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4776 July 12, 2016 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chair, last year, the Environmental Protection Agency and the National Highway Traffic Safe-ty Administration issued proposed fuel efficiency standards for medium- and heavy-duty trucks as required by the Energy Independence and Security Act. This amendment would prohibit EPA from finalizing, implementing, admin-istering, or enforcing this proposed rule or any rule of the same substance with respect to glider vehicles. These new standards are designed to improve fuel efficiency and cut carbon pollution to reduce the impact of climate change. To be specific, Mr. Chair, these standards are expected to lower CO
2 emissions by roughly 1 billion metric tons, cut fuel costs by $170 million, and reduce oil consumption by up to 1.8 bil-lion barrels over the lifetime of the ve-hicles sold under the program. Now, heavy-duty trucks account for 5 per-cent of the vehicles on the road, and yet they create 20 percent of the green-house gas emissions created by all transportation sectors. I would note for my colleagues that this amendment doesn’t actually sus-pend all aspects of the new rule; it sim-ply carves out an exemption for one particular industry, the industry that produces what are known as glider ve-hicles. Glider vehicles are heavy-duty vehi-cles that place an older or remanufac-tured engine on a new truck chassis. These are engines that date back to 2001 or older. They have emissions that are 20 to 40 times higher than today’s clean diesel engines. In essence, Mr. Chair, this amend-ment would allow an entire segment of the truck manufacturing industry to avoid compliance with the new criteria pollutant standards that are in the rule. These are engines that will con-tinue to emit greenhouse gases and slow down our progress in reducing the impacts of climate change. In short, Mr. Chair, this amendment creates a loophole that you could drive a truck through by allowing dirty engines to continue to pollute our environment. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ) the chairman. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, it is my understanding that the overall rule is supported broadly by many in the truck and the manufacturing industry. However, as any rule, there are some specifics that do need to be ironed out, and my colleague has narrowly tailored this amendment to address concerns within the EPA’s rule. So you really can’t drive a truck through it. I support this language in the Inte-rior bill. Mr. Chair, I urge Members to vote ‘‘aye’’ on this amendment. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chair, this pro-posed language from the EPA is im-proper and ill-conceived with no regard to jobs. If the EPA is going to promul-gate rules that raise the costs and hurt jobs in districts like mine, the least they can do is to have a few facts pre-pared to back them. Communities where these kits are manufactured are already struggling with above average unemployment, and would see more job opportunities put out of reach. Furthermore, there seems to have been little time for the glider industry to even respond and to have little to no economic consideration given prior. Our constituent, dealers and employ-ees, glider truck owners and operators, and remanufacturing businesses will disproportionately be affected by the EPA’s decision to effectively ban the products that they sell, service, and drive. The U.S. truck industry has been a bright spot in the recovery of the na-tional economy, and applying new standards to the gliders would increase expenses for our businesses and their drivers. Congress has recognized the value of remanufactured parts and components. The United States Senate and House of Representatives have voted over-whelmingly in support of legislation, the Federal Vehicle Repair Cost Sav-ings Act, which was signed into law just last year, to encourage Federal agencies to consider using remanufac-tured parts in the Federal vehicle fleet. So it is happening in the Federal Gov-ernment. This is going to affect the private sector. To restrict the usage of manufac-tured engines under this rulemaking appears to be counter to the congres-sional intent. I will reiterate that gliders, by defi-nition, aren’t a motor vehicle, and they therefore should be used outside the EPA’s authority. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chair, I would just restate that this amendment creates a loophole. It creates a loophole for one industry. It picks winners and losers. The winners would be one segment of the truck industry. The losers would be jobs, our health, and our environment. Mr. Chair, I ask for opposition to this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 43 printed in House Report 114–683. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. Each amount appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act that is not required to be appropriated or otherwise made available by a provision of law is here-by reduced by 1 percent. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the recognition. I want to begin by saying I think the committee has done an amazing job with consist-ently making reductions in what they are spending. It is appropriate that we do that because we are $19.3 trillion in debt. My amendment is a very simple re-duction in spending. It is a penny out of a dollar—1 percent—across the board. I know it is not popular. I know everybody says it goes too far. But this will save us $321 million—of course, not a lot when you look at the total budg-et, but it is very appropriate that we begin to take these steps. I think it is so interesting talking about Ronald Reagan and how he ap-proached things. He would always say: Let’s take a little bit, a few steps at a time and begin to get behind some of this and get our economy and get our government back in shape, right-size it. That is exactly what he did, and it paid off for our country with economic growth, making certain that our econ-omy was growing, and that our reve-nues were growing. Indeed, Mr. Chair-man, since that time, we have seen our country doesn’t have a revenue prob-lem. What we have is a spending prob-lem. What we have is a priority prob-lem. What we fail to do time and time again is to realize that the taxpayers tell us they are overtaxed, our govern-ment is overspent, and they want us to consistently make as many spending reductions as we possibly can. So I come, once again, to the floor with this 1 percent across-the-board spending cut. What it will do is to make that reduction of another $321 million to build on the success the committee has already shown with coming $64 million below the 2016 en-acted levels. They are to be com-mended for that. But let’s get in behind it. Let’s compound these savings and begin to get our fiscal house in order. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I believe that our colleagues will be treated to a rare display of bipartisan harmony on this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.180 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4777 July 12, 2016 
Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose the amendment. Look, this is not a perfect bill, and there are clear differences on this amendment, but we should not be underfunding what, in my view, is al-ready underfunded. If this amendment were to pass, we are looking at fewer patients that would be seen at the In-dian Health Service, fewer safety in-spectors ensuring that accidents do not occur, and deferred maintenance on our Nation’s drinking water and sanitation infrastructure. More generally, Mr. Chairman, investments in our environ-mental infrastructure and our public lands will be halted, and jobs will be lost. The bill is already underfunded in my view, and this amendment would not encourage the agencies to do more with less. Simply put, it would force agen-cies and our constituents to do less with less. I strongly urge my col-leagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. ISRAEL. I yield to the gen-tleman from California. Mr. CALVERT. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. I certainly appreciate the gentle-woman’s amendment and her intent to reduce spending. As she well knows, we have reduced this bill somewhat over the years, as we have on all of the dis-cretionary accounts that the Appro-priations Committee is responsible for. This really is a decision based upon discussion regarding discretionary ac-counts versus nondiscretionary ac-counts. If we could have cut the non-discretionary accounts as much as we have cut discretionary accounts, we could probably balance the budget plus. But unfortunately, we are not there. So I rise in opposition to this amend-ment. I commend my colleague for her consistent work to protect taxpayer dollars, but this is not an approach I can support. While the President’s pro-posed budget exceeds the bill, the in-creases were paid for with proposals and gimmicks that would never be en-acted. This bill makes the tough choices with an allocation that adheres to the current law. We may not agree that it is enough, but that is what the current law is. So we made trade-offs, and we have done many difficult choices to make this work. Mr. Chair, I urge opposition to this amendment. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b2145 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I have heard every excuse that there is— always do—and I know that spending reductions are not popular around here. I get it. I know it. But let me tell you what I think also is not proper. I think that it is immoral for us to spend money that we don’t have—it is not our money; it is taxpayer money— and to spend it on programs that our constituents don’t want. I think it is also immoral for us to not get our spending under control and to pass along all this debt to our chil-dren and our grandchildren. Just think about it. My grandsons, who are 7 and 8 years old, by the time they begin pay-ing taxes, these programs, many of them, will have outlived their useful-ness. The utilization of these dollars will be gone. Do I hope we have the political will to look at the mandatory spending side of the column? Absolutely. A couple of other points. I would hope that bipartisanship will come to reducing what we spend in this Cham-ber, that there will be agreement that we are, indeed, overtaxed and over-spent, and the fiscal health of this Na-tion needs to be addressed. I also think that what we need to look at is the burden of taxation has caused many of our constituents to face deferred maintenance on their homes, on their businesses, on their dreams, because they are having to pay their taxes, they are having to pay what the Federal Government takes out of those paychecks, first right of refusal on those paychecks. It also causes job loss. It is time for us to address our over-spending and our national debt. I do hope we see some work on the manda-tory side of the column. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York has 2
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, the gen-tlewoman notes that it is the tax-payers’ money. She is right, it is the taxpayers’ money. Taxpayers expect that their money will be spent safe-guarding their infrastructure. They ex-pect that their money will be spent on maintenance, maintaining their infra-structure. They expect that their money will be spent making sure that when they turn on the faucets in Flint, Michigan, toxic water doesn’t come out. They expect that if they have health problems, they will be able to get some monitoring and that their health will be taken care of. They ex-pect us to spend their dollars wisely. As I said before, Mr. Chairman, this is not a perfect bill. But the chairman is correct, this bill adheres to the law. While we would say we are not invest-ing enough, and while the chairman would say we are investing about what we have, the gentlewoman’s amend-ment would actually force us to do much less with even less. Those are not priorities we can sup-port, Mr. Chairman, which is why I urge my colleagues to join the chair-man and our ranking member in oppos-ing this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . BOUSTANY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 44 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to implement, administer, or en-force any rule or guidance of the same sub-stance as the proposed rule regarding Risk Management, Financial Assurance and Loss Prevention for which advanced notice of pro-posed rulemaking was published by the Bu-reau of Ocean Energy Management on Au-gust 19, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 49027) or the Na-tional Notice to Lessees and Operators of Federal Oil and Gas and Sulphur Leases, Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) issued by such Bureau (NTL No. 2016–N03). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit the use of funds by the Secretary of the Interior for the purpose of implementation, ad-ministering, or enforcing any rule or guidance similar to the proposed guid-ance that the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management released regarding finan-cial assurances for oil and gas oper-ations on the Outer Continental Shelf. The Federal Government currently requires American offshore oil and gas companies to buy liability bonds rang-ing from tens of thousands of dollars to tens of millions of dollars for every off-shore lease. In August of 2014, BOEM published an Advance Notice of Pro-posed Rulemaking seeking industry input on ‘‘risk management, financial assurance, and loss prevention.’’ Inexplicably, BOEM elected to cir-cumvent the rulemaking process it ini-tiated and, instead, released proposed guidance in August 2015 that creates new rules that will change the way the oil and gas industry funds these decom-missioning costs—also referred to as ‘‘plugging’’ or ‘‘abandonment’’—of wells, pipelines, and other facilities in the Gulf of Mexico’s Outer Continental Shelf. The Obama administration ignored warnings from stakeholders that this proposed guidance could drive many companies into bankruptcy precisely at a time when the industry is suf-fering from a commodity price col-lapse. A lot of workers in Louisiana 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.183 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4778 July 12, 2016 
and across the Gulf Coast have been laid off. BOEM has asserted that these rule changes are necessary to prevent tax-payers from being left with the tab for decommissioning work in light of a number of recent bankruptcy filings by OCS shelf operators. Ironically, BOEM’s solution will likely trigger the major risk that it is trying to protect against. If implemented, these changes will pose an existential threat to many OCS shelf operators, discourage future investment, cost thousands of jobs, and dramatically reduce the royalties to U.S. taxpayers. For example, under the new rules, each party would be assessed 100 per-cent on shared leases, and a joint oper-ating agreement is no longer accepted as a reflection of actual liability. This means that if there are four companies sharing a project and it would cost an estimated $20 million to remove that particular platform, BOEM would, nevertheless, require each party to post a $20 million bond to remove the platform. It hardly seems necessary to require $80 million in bonding for a $20 million project. The new rules also require full bond-ing up front for all possible wells in the exploratory plan, despite the fact that the wells may never be drilled. The P&A liability, in many cases, will not accrue for many, many years. For fa-cilities already in production, BOEM will require capital assurance for the lifetime production value of the prop-erty every year, meaning that each year a lessee will be responsible for 100 percent of the P&A liability for every production facility exploration activ-ity in production value. In fact, many of the industry experts have expressed concern that BOEM has not even provided a clear definition of the problem that the agency is trying to solve nor has there been any jus-tification provided as to the need for major changes to the existing regu-latory framework. Experts throughout the industry remain concerned that if this proposed guidance were to be final-ized, it would dramatically limit the industry’s ability to successfully ex-plore and extract oil and gas from the Gulf of Mexico. A new rule, guidance, or any other form of notice from BOEM on supple-mental bonding will stifle oil and gas production on the OCS and throughout the Gulf of Mexico. This is not in the interest of the United States. I urge adoption of my amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would clearly block the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management from finalizing guidance to clarify fi-nancial assurances for oil and gas com-panies operating in the Outer Conti-nental Shelf. The guidance is important because it details the procedures that will be used to determine the lessee’s financial abil-ity to carry out its obligations so that we, the taxpayer, our constituents, can be sure that the oil company can pay for all of its costs associated with off-shore drilling. The guidance is nec-essary to ensure that oil companies have the financial capability to prop-erly decommission outer shelf facilities instead of abandoning them and leav-ing the American taxpayer, our con-stituents, on the hook to pay the cost. The guidance will modernize the fi-nancial assurance regulations to match the current industry practices, provide updated criteria for determining the lessee’s ability to self-insure its liabil-ities based on the lessee’s financial ca-pacity and financial strength. We should be working together to ensure that the U.S. taxpayer never pays to decommission an OCS facility and that the environment is protected at the same time. This amendment protects the special interests of Big Oil at the taxpayer’s expense, so I must protect the taxpayer and oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Louisiana has 1 minute remain-ing. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, I yield the remainder of my time to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Louisiana for bringing this amendment up. Here is the reality. This is largely a solution in search of a problem. There has not been a single case in the his-tory of offshore energy production where the government has been left holding the bag. It doesn’t exist. So, yes, we should be working together. Representing one of the most eco-logically productive coastal areas in the United States, we are very con-cerned about what happens with our coastal area. But, again, we are proposing solu-tions in search of problems. All this is going to do is it is going to result in a decrease in competition for offshore energy production, a decrease in com-petition, and a decrease in revenue for the United States Treasury. This funds the Land and Water Conservation Fund, something that your side often stands up for and fights for. This has provided nearly $200 billion for the United States Treasury, one of the largest revenue streams for the United States Government outside of taxes. Mr. Chairman, I urge support of this amendment. This policy, this notice to lessees, is ill-advised. It simply has been done in the dark of night, and it is a solution in search of a problem. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, we need in this day and age to make sure that the American taxpayer is pro-tected. We have seen time and time again when environmental disasters happen and brownfields are left behind or what is going on in Flint, the tax-payer picks up the bill. I just really believe that this guid-ance is necessary to ensure that oil companies have the financial capa-bility—that they have on the books the financial capability to properly decom-mission their Outer Continental Shelf facilities instead of abandoning them, leaving the American taxpayer to pay for the cleanup. Mr. Chairman, I oppose the amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOU-
STANY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MR . BOUSTANY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 45 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may used by the Secretary of the Interior to implement, administer, or en-force any rule of the same substance as the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Oil and Gas and Sul-phur Operations in the Outer Continental Shelf-Blowout Preventer Systems and Well Control’’ and published April 17, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 21504), the final rule issued by the Bu-reau of Safety and Environmental Enforce-ment with that title (Docket ID: BSEE-2015- 0002; 15XE1700DX EEEE500000 EX1SF0000.DAQ000), or any rule of the same substance as such proposed or final rule. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, my amendment will prohibit any money being spent for the implementation or enforcement of any rule or guidance similar to the well-controlled rule of-fered by the Bureau of Safety and Envi-ronmental Enforcement, or BSEE. Unfortunately, according to experts throughout the oil and gas industry, many of the prescriptive requirements contained within the final well-con-trolled rule will neither improve safety nor reduce environmental risk in drill-ing, but will actually have unintended consequences of increasing risk beyond that of existing regulations. Additionally, the final rule will cre-ate significant additional expenses and burdens for those engaged in explo-ration development and production ac-tivities on the Outer Continental Shelf. Ultimately, these added economic and compliance cost tens of billions of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.186 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4779 July 12, 2016 
dollars over 10 years, and together with other regulatory burdens, they could force some smaller operators out of business and drive larger operators from the Federal OCS toward countries with less prescriptive regulatory envi-ronments or other opportunities. This means that the negative impacts of this destructive rule will likely be felt throughout all 50 States. To my colleagues who represent States that do not have offshore devel-opment, I would argue that you should support this amendment because BSEE’s well-controlled rule is yet an-other example of the Obama adminis-tration not listening to real experts in this industry and, instead, forcing rules and regulations into place that will hurt the domestic industry and our U.S. economy. In effect, the well-controlled rule ul-timately could increase risk and de-crease safety on the Outer Continental Shelf. It is a one-size-fits-all proposal that really is not realistic. b2200 It will also negatively impact the attractiveness of the Gulf of Mexico for future oil and gas investment, and it will likely result in oil and gas opera-tors choosing to develop energy re-sources in other parts of the world, taking those jobs and those investment opportunities with them. As the House’s Task Forces on Re-ducing Regulatory Burdens and Restor-ing Constitutional Authority explains in its mission statement, we as a gov-ernment should be working to ‘‘make it easier to invest, produce, and build in America with a modern and trans-parent regulatory system that relieves the burden on small businesses and other job creators and encourages fi-nancial independence while balancing environmental stewardship, public safety, and consumer interests.’’ BSEE’s well control rule does not do this. America cannot continue to be the global energy leader without poli-cies that foster this kind of innovation, investment, and development of our en-ergy resources. Safety, not conven-ience, must always be the driving force behind these initiatives. BSEE’S well control rule not only leaves industry with numerous questions about compli-ance, but it also has experts concerned that these new measures will increase risk. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to this amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I am sur-prised this amendment is being offered because there is already a rider in the bill that pretty much accomplishes what the gentleman’s amendment would do. Let’s be clear what this amendment does. It reverses the safety improvements that were developed following the Deepwater Horizon tragedy. It would delay or prevent the implementation of a rule that was developed directly from the recommendations of numerous in-vestigations. There was a full inves-tigation. These are the recommenda-tions from it. The investigations were conducted by industry experts, and they determined the actual cause of the Deepwater Horizon tragedy and the impact on the Gulf of Mexico and on the surrounding States and on the local communities, as we heard Ms. CASTOR from Florida talk about ear-lier. Many of the requirements of this rule are not new. They were already in ex-istence as industry standards, notice to lessees and guidance and equipment and operation requirements that were already part of the regulation. What the rule does is consolidates these re-quirements into one section and makes them enforceable—yes, enforceable. The Department of the Interior esti-mates that the regulation amendment blocks would prevent between $657 mil-lion and $4.4 billion of damage caused by well blowouts over 10 years. Most importantly, this estimate does not take into account the human ele-ment of these protections. I think we can all agree that you cannot put a price on human life. The Deepwater Horizon was a tragic event. Eleven lives were lost in that explosion. It is unconscionable that this amendment, once again, looks to put the profits of big oil companies ahead of workers’ safety; so I oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Louisiana has 2 minutes remain-ing. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman from Louisiana for yielding and also for bringing up this amendment. Let’s talk about reality versus fic-tion. Here is the reality. The reality is that these regulations have not been out there. They were not subject to investigations and studies. I was the lead trustee for the State of Louisiana. I was the tip of the spear who was fighting BP during the entire Deepwater Horizon, and I was the nat-ural resource manager for the coast of Louisiana under which over 600 miles of our coast was oiled. I appreciate the gentleman for step-ping in and trying to defend our envi-ronment and our resources. For the constituents whom I represent who lost family members, the reality is this: 60 percent of the wells since the Deep-water Horizon couldn’t even be drilled under this proposed rule. The reality is that the Department of the Interior’s cost estimate said it was going to cost $883 million to comply with when a pri-vate study said it was going to be $93 billion. The reality is this: you have a bunch of bureaucrats who are sitting around in a vacuum who have no idea what they are doing and who are proposing things under the auspices of safety but that actually threaten the lives of our citizens in south Louisiana who are producing energy for this Nation—in fact, approximately 17 percent of the energy for the United States. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota has 3 minutes remain-ing. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, in clos-ing, that is why I do not understand the redundancy, the duplicity—why we keep doing this over and over and over again. This bill already undoes a lot of what the regulation would do to pro-tect the environment and to protect workers’ safety. I read from the bill at page 69, line 4, section 124, and this is about drilling margins: ‘‘None of the funds made available in this act or any other act for any fiscal year may be used to develop, adopt, im-plement, administer, or enforce any change to regulations and guidance.’’ It goes on. This amendment would reverse the safety improvements that were devel-oped following the Deepwater Horizon tragedy, something to which, I think, America said no more: no more loss of life, no impact like this on our environ-ment. I oppose this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chair, in Lou-isiana, we understand quite clearly how good environmental policy, eco-nomic policy, energy policy march hand in hand. We also know that the men and women who work on these rigs are our friends, our neighbors, our family, and safety is first. We also know from experts across the industry that this proposed rule is a one-size- fits-all proposal that increases risk. It makes it more risky, and we will not stand to allow this rule to go forward. That is why I urge the adoption of this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. B
OU-
STANY ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–683 on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.189 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4780 July 12, 2016 
which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 1 by Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. Amendment No. 3 by Mr. H
IMES of Connecticut. Amendment No. 8 by Mr. E
LLISON of Minnesota. Amendment No. 9 by Mr. N
ORCROSS of New Jersey. Amendment No. 10 by Mr. B
EYER of Virginia. Amendment No. 11 by Mr. H
UFFMAN  of California. Amendment No. 12 by Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. Amendment No. 13 by Mr. H
UFFMAN  of California. Amendment No. 14 by Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. Amendment No. 20 by Mr. P
ALMER of Alabama. Amendment No. 21 by Mr. B
ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico. Amendment No. 22 by Mrs. D
INGELL  of Michigan. Amendment No. 27 by Mr. C
ART-
WRIGHT of Pennsylvania. Amendment No. 28 by Mr. B
ECERRA of California. Amendment No. 29 by Mr. P
ETERS of California. Amendment No. 31 by Mr. P
ETERS of California. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
AS-
TOR) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 197, noes 225, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 417] AYES—197 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOES—225 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—11 
Bishop (UT) Dold Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai Wilson (FL) 
b2229 Messrs. HANNA, GUTIE´RREZ, and FITZPATRICK changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. DOLD. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 417, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . HIMES  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. H
IMES) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 183, noes 241, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 418] AYES—183 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro Dent Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.191 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4781 July 12, 2016 
Gallego Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DelBene Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—9 
DeSaulnier Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia) (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2231 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 173, noes 251, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 419] AYES—173 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—251 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.081 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4782 July 12, 2016 
Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Richmond Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2236 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . NORCROSS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
OR-
CROSS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 143, noes 282, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 420] AYES—143 
Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Bustos Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis, Danny Delaney DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Garrett Gibson Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hahn Higgins Himes Hinojosa Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kind Kuster Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—282 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Farr Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Latta Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stewart Stivers Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Valadao Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—8 
Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2239 Mr. GARRETT changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 235, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 421] AYES—190 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.082 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4783 July 12, 2016 
Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—8 
Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2242 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 184, noes 240, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 422] AYES—184 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—240 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.084 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4784 July 12, 2016 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Serrano Stutzman Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2245 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
AS-
TOR) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 186, noes 237, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 423] AYES—186 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—237 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—10 
Foxx Hastings Jolly Joyce Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai Tiberi 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2249 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 181, noes 244, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 424] AYES—181 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.085 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4785 July 12, 2016 
Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—244 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—8 
Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2252 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 208, noes 217, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 425] AYES—208 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOES—217 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walters, Mimi Walz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:04 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.088 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4786 July 12, 2016 
Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2255 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 175, noes 250, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 426] AYES—175 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Burgess Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke NOES—250 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Graham Granger Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) NOT VOTING—8 
Foxx Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting Chair (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2258 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, during rollcall vote No. 426 on H.R. 5538, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘yes’’ when I should have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
LUJA´N OF NEW MEXICO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
EN R
AYLUJA´N) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 219, noes 207, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 427] AYES—219 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gosar Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lummis Lynch Maloney, Carolyn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:04 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.089 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4787 July 12, 2016 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—207 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Scalise Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—7 
Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2302 Mr. SIRES and Ms. M
CSALLY changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MRS . DINGELL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
IN-
GELL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 170, noes 256, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 428] AYES—170 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kind Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—256 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.087 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4788 July 12, 2016 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2305 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . 
CARTWRIGHT  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 195, noes 231, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 429] AYES—195 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke NOT VOTING—7 
Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2308 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . BECERRA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. B
ECERRA ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 190, noes 236, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 430] AYES—190 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.094 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4789 July 12, 2016 
Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2311 Mr. CURBELO of Florida changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 182, noes 244, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 431] AYES—182 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—244 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.093 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4790 July 12, 2016 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2314 Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 185, noes 241, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 432] AYES—185 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael F. Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham (NM) Luja´n, Ben Ray (NM) Lynch Maloney, Carolyn Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda T. Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Hastings Jolly Marino Poe (TX) Sanchez, Loretta Stutzman Takai ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2317 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) having assumed the chair, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 5538) making appro-priations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO HOUSE AMENDMENT TO S. 764, NA-TIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF S. 304, MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY WHISTLEBLOWER ACT; AND WAIVING A REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(A) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDER-ATION OF CERTAIN RESOLU-TIONS REPORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–686) on the resolution (H. Res. 822) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the bill (S. 764) to reau-thorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the bill (S. 304) to improve motor vehicle safety by encouraging the sharing of certain information; and waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions reported from the Committee on Rules, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 820 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5538. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) kindly take the chair. b2321 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.221 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4791 July 12, 2016 
House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5538) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 31 printed in House Re-port 114–683 offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . BRAT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 46 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short title, insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce contracts or other agreements under the Land and Water Conservation Fund program that were entered into with States or units of local government more than 20 years before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
RAT) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 5538, De-partment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. Mr. Speaker, the Land and Water Conservation Fund requires property acquired and developed with the LWCF assistance to be retained and used for public outdoor recreation. Any prop-erty so acquired and/or developed may not be converted to other uses without approval of the National Park Service, NPS, indefinitely. Federal funding through the LWCF grant shouldn’t let the NPS enforce conditions on the use of State and local lands forever. A quid pro quo condition in exchange for funds for some period might be reasonable, but eventually federalism needs to kick in again. This amendment would prevent the NPS from enforcing the conditions on an LWCF grant for a 20-year period. This allows the State or locality to use its property as it sees fit, without needing permission from the NPF. After a generation or more, it is only reasonable for State and local govern-ments to reassess land use on behalf of their citizens. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment to put our constituents back in control of local matters. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment, The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, this amendment nullifies the terms of the Land and Water Conservation Fund contracts that are more than 20 years old. When States, counties, and other mu-nicipal governments receive funds from the LWCF State assistance grant pro-gram, they do so with the under-standing that the land acquired with these funds will be used for public recreation purposes in perpetuity. If they no longer need the land for this purpose, there is an established admin-istrative process that allows for a sim-ple conversion. Since LWCF’s establishment over 50 years ago, this conversion process has been successfully executed thousands of times. Under this amendment, how-ever, any parcel acquired more than 20 years ago could be converted to private use or even sold on the open market without any compensation to the American taxpayer. This is a mis-guided outcome, Mr. Chairman. Our constituents deserve a fair return on their investment, and we shouldn’t allow one town’s unwillingness to play by the rules to upend 50 years of suc-cess. I urge my colleagues to defend the in-tegrity of the LWCF and reject this amendment. I yield to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I agree with the comments just made by the gentleman from New York. The LWCF, these local communities know what they are entering into when they enter into it. And if they choose to do that, they have the right to do that and they have to live by the deci-sions that they have made. We have a lot of LWCF projects in communities that I have lived in in Idaho, and they get the benefit of that LWCF. I will tell you, if there is a local prob-lem that the gentleman would like to deal with, I know that the committee and the chairman of the committee would be more than willing to work with you to try to address that and try to address the concerns that the local community has because there is a way that, yes, with the agreement of the Federal Government, they can get out of the deals that they have made. I know, in my community, we had an indoor swimming pool that was actu-ally built for our community. It was a great thing. It became very expensive when the price of energy went up. They wanted to take the roof off of the in-door swimming pool so it wasn’t indoor anymore, and the Federal Government wouldn’t let them. Now, we are glad they didn’t. So these decisions are made for a very good reason. I would oppose the amendment, and I agree with the gentleman from New York. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, the dis-tinguished leader of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Idaho, and the ranking member from Minnesota agree that this amendment would have a misguided outcome. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 47 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short title, add the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used to enter into a cooperative agreements with or make any grant or loan to an entity to establish in any of Baca, Bent, Crowley, Huerfano, Kiowa, Las Animas, Otero, Prowers, and Pueblo counties, Colorado, a national heritage area, national heritage corridor, national heritage canal way, national heritage tour route, na-tional historic district, or cultural heritage corridor. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the opportunity to speak about this important amendment to the De-partment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. This amendment protects private property in southeast Colorado by pro-hibiting the use of funds for the cre-ation or expansion of environmental or cultural protection areas. These zones, often known as national heritage areas, are just another backdoor meth-od for the government to impose Fed-eral zoning on private property. The heritage areas amount to a forced conservation agreement for pri-vate landowners. An appointed man-agement entity imposes its views and ideas on the property holders, changing the way they can use their property without compensating them. Private property is an essential ele-ment of a free democracy. The citizens of Southeast Colorado have fought this government overreach for years now, desperate to save their farms and ranches that have been passed down for generations. This amendment will ensure that pri-vate property rights are restored in southeast Colorado. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.225 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4792 July 12, 2016 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, this amendment stops the Department of the Interior from entering into cooper-ative agreements or providing financial assistance of any kind for the purpose of protecting natural, cultural, or his-toric resources in several counties in southeast Colorado. It is my understanding that the spon-sor aims to preemptively prevent an expansion of the Federal footprint in his district, specifically due to con-cerns with the application of Executive Order No. 13287. I would remind the sponsor that the Preserve America Executive Order was issued by President George W. Bush, a Republican, and emphasizes private- public partnerships that limit, not ex-pand, Federal ownership. If there are specific concerns about Federal management in the region, the sponsor, I hope, would work with the authorizing committee to make sure they are addressed, not use the appro-priations process to wall off a section of the country from partnering with the Federal Government to preserve its historic, cultural, and natural re-sources. That is why I oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, again, I would urge opposition to this amend-ment. There are opportunities for the gentleman to work with the author-izing committee. The Appropriations Committee should not be used as a ve-hicle to wall off sections of specific areas. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK). The amendment was agreed to. b2330 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 48 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title) insert the following new section: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to hire or pay the salary of any offi-cer or employee of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency under subsection (f) or (g) of section 207 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 209) who is not already receiving pay under either such subsection on the date of enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I rise this evening to offer an amendment on an issue that I have worked on, as well as the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for the last 6 years. In 2006, the Committee on Appropria-tions, without consultation with the Committee on Energy and Commerce, included a provision in the annual Inte-rior-EPA appropriations bill to allow the Environmental Protection Agency to begin using a special pay program that was explicitly and exclusively au-thorized for use by the Public Health Service Administration under the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices. This special pay mechanism allows a government employee to leave the nor-mal GS pay scale and receive nearly uncapped compensation. This special provision was intended to be used only in unique circumstances for leaders in the healthcare industry who would never leave the private sector to work for the Federal Government but for special higher salaries. This justifica-tion can never be used at the EPA. Indeed, some of the employees that the Environmental Protection Agency pays under title 42, the part of the U.S. Code that allows for this special pay, were previous government workers and were merely moved to the special pay scale because they wanted more money. The Environmental Protection Agency claims that, because the EPA is a health organization, it may use this statute to pay special hires; and the Committee on Appropriations has agreed to let them, despite the author-izing committee’s objection. Originally, the EPA was granted only a handful of slots to fill with title 42 hires. That number has now ballooned to over 50. The cost to the taxpayers for these employees is tens of millions of dollars. That is unconscionable. This amendment would prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from hiring any new employees under title 42 or transferring any current em-ployees from the GS scale to title 42. It would not affect current employees being paid by this provision. This would give the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the authorizing com-mittee, the time it needs to address whether the EPA truly deserves this special pay consideration. The General Accountability Office looked into HHS’ abuse of title 42 sev-eral years ago and found problems with the implementation of the program. That is within the Department of Health and Human Services, where it arguably could be allowed. Why would Congress ever allow the Environmental Protection Agency to implement the same problematic pay structure? In multiple hearings in the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, both Administrator Lisa Jackson and Gina McCarthy refused to give specifics re-garding the program. A Freedom of In-formation Act request by the EPA union, the American Federation of Government Employees, sent to my of-fice showed that title 42 hires at EPA are sowing dissent among the workers, with the union asking the Congress stop this abusive and unfair hiring technique. Both Chairman Emeritus BARTON and I have introduced legislation further clarifying that the Public Health Serv-ices Act, written for HHS, does not per-mit the EPA to use this language to hire employees under a special pay structure. I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, title 42 authority is a flexible hiring mecha-nism that allows agencies to attract and retain staff with outstanding sci-entific, technical, and clinical skills. It is not always easy for the Federal Gov-ernment to attract high-level profes-sionals who have invested many years in school and can easily make more in private practice or even in academia, and that is why the Federal Govern-ment needs to allow these agencies to provide some additional incentives to recruit these employees. With our Nation facing so many cri-ses like Zika, we really should be in-vesting in our scientists. This amend-ment unfairly attacks Federal employ-ees who devote their life to public serv-ice. I urge defeat of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
ARTON ). Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time remains. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) has 11⁄2min-utes remaining. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentleman from Tarrant County and Denton County for offering this amendment. I am a cosponsor. It is unconscionable that we are using a provision in Federal law that was first passed during World War II to give a handful of elite medical profes-sionals the capability to get a little bit more than the average Federal pay scale. This has ballooned over at the EPA, and, as has been pointed out, as far as we know, there are in the neigh-borhood of 50 people who are now get-ting this above-average pay. We ought to be eliminating the pro-gram. We ought to be just putting the nail through the coffin in this program at EPA. Instead, because of the gen-erosity of my good friend, Dr. B
URGESS , he is just saying don’t hire any more. Surely this House of Representatives, with a $500 billion budget deficit, can see it within our heart to accept the Burgess amendment and let us in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.228 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4793 July 12, 2016 
authorizing committee hold hearings and hopefully next year pass a law that puts an end to this program. I rise in strong support of the Bur-gess amendment and would ask for its adoption. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, we have such an array of public health and science emergencies: we have Zika; we have Ebola; we have public health emergencies; we have pandemics, epidemics. Now is the time for us to re-cruit the best and the brightest in the scientific community. Title 42 gives us the ability to do that. This amendment would undermine that ability, and it should be defeated. Mr. BARTON. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. ISRAEL. I yield to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. BARTON. Does the gentleman understand that we are talking about people at EPA? We are not talking about public health in the HHS. We are talking about EPA. Mr. ISRAEL. Reclaiming my time, the EPA uses scientists engaged in re-search on pesticides. It uses scientists engaged in other health-related emer-gencies. We have a difference of opin-ion as to how to deploy those sci-entists, where to deploy those sci-entists. I, as a Member of Congress, don’t want to make that decision. I want to make sure that the Federal Government is deploying the scientific community across a broad range of challenges, which is why I oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 49 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose or de-velop legislation to redirect funds allocated under section 105(a)(2)(A) of the Gulf of Mex-ico Energy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to introduce this amendment, along with two of my colleagues, Rep-resentatives C
HARLES BOUSTANY and G
ARRET GRAVES , both of Louisiana. My straightforward amendment would prohibit any effort to redirect funds allocated under the Gulf of Mex-ico Energy Security Act, also referred to as GOMESA. GOMESA was passed in 2006 and created a revenue-sharing agreement for offshore oil revenue be-tween the Federal Government and four States in the Gulf of Mexico: Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Ala-bama. Under GOMESA, a certain percentage of the revenues generated from se-lected oil and gas lease sales in the Outer Continental Shelf of the Gulf of Mexico are returned to the Gulf States. This money must be used in coastal areas for important purposes like coastal restoration and hurricane pre-paredness. There is a reason the law was struc-tured this way. These Gulf States not only provide a significant share of the infrastructure and workforce for the industry in the Gulf, but they also have inherent environmental and economic risks. Unfortunately, in his budget pro-posal this year, President Obama rec-ommended the money be taken away from the Gulf States and instead be spread around the country to imple-ment his radical climate agenda. Not only does this proposal directly contradict the current Federal statute, it vastly undermines the purpose of this law: to keep revenues from these lease sales in the States that supply the workforce and have the inherent risk of a potential environmental dis-aster. This is not the first time the Presi-dent has made this proposal, and so far Congress has stood strong in opposi-tion. I hope we will do so again today. My simple amendment will support our coastal communities on the Gulf Coast while preserving the rule of law. We should not allow the President to turn our revenue-sharing agreements into a slush fund for politically driven climate projects. I urge my colleagues to support this straightforward amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is simply an overreaction to a policy proposal in the administra-tion’s fiscal year 2017 budget request. The budget request proposed to redi-rect funds currently allocated to pay-ments to States and shift them toward Federal programs that serve the Na-tion more broadly. b2340 The proposal wasn’t included in the bill because the Committee on Appro-priations rejected it. The appropriation process is just that, it is a process. The administration submitted a pro-posal, the committee evaluated it, and the power to accept or reject the pro-posal lay with the committee. This amendment would unnecessarily stifle any proposal to amend the cur-rent formula, which is unnecessary, be-cause Congress would need to enact legislation before any changes could be made to the formula. The Department of the Interior does not have the au-thority to change the formula through rulemaking or other administrative ac-tion. Basically, Mr. Chairman, this would prohibit the Department from even suggesting an idea for Congress to con-sider. I urge my colleagues to preserve the integrity of the appropriations process and the Committee on the Ap-propriations and oppose this amend-ment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I want to provide some con-text here. Under the Mineral Leasing Act, States shared in 50 percent of the reve-nues from production of energy on Fed-eral lands—in the State of Alaska, it is actually 90 percent of the revenues—up until 2006, when we reached a bipar-tisan agreement to share not 50 per-cent, not 90 percent, but 37
1⁄2percent of the revenues associated with offshore energy production. 2006. The revenue sharing, in effect, doesn’t actually turn on until next year. These funds in the State of Louisiana are dedicated by our constitution to re-storing the coast, restoring our coastal wetlands, improving the sustainability of our communities that have been pounded by hurricanes in recent years. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is ac-tually designed to save taxpayers dol-lars to restore our coastal ecosytem that has been destroyed. And to allow the administration year after year to come in and create this air of uncer-tainty by attempting to rescind these funds and treating us differently than they treat all the other States that produce onshore is simply bad policy and it creates uncertainty for efforts to restore coastal Louisiana, which has lost 1,900 square miles as a result of Federal actions in the State of Lou-isiana. I urge adoption of this amendment. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, this ad-ministration has been reversed by the United States Supreme Court more than any other administration in the history of the United States of Amer-ica. There is nothing that this adminis-tration won’t do to further its radical agenda, including going against the clear statement of a statute of the United States Congress. So we have to have language that af-firmatively tells them they can’t spend this money. Otherwise, they will take the radical step of going against a Fed-eral statute and cynically wait on the United States Supreme Court to tell them they can’t do it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.231 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4794 July 12, 2016 
So that is why we have to have this. This is very important not just to the Gulf States, but to the rule of law in the United States of America. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Chairman, there is nothing radical about any administra-tion, Democrat or Republican, making a decision, making a rule that would shift funds from specific States to broader national purposes. I understand the gentleman’s and his colleagues’ concern for this particular policy, but this is an overreach, Mr. Chairman. This amendment would pro-hibit the Department from even sug-gesting an idea for Congress to con-sider. This is not worthy of the appropria-tions process. It ought to be considered as part of a broader approach by the gentleman, not in this bill, and I urge defeat of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 50 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk related to the National Ocean Policy. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR EXECUTIVE  
ORDER RELATING TO STEWARDSHIP OF  
OCEANS , COASTS , AND THE GREAT LAKES  S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce Executive Order No. 13547 (75 Fed. Reg. 43023, relating to the stew-ardship of oceans, coasts, and the Great Lakes), including the National Ocean Policy developed under such Executive Order. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to introduce this amendment with two of my colleagues, Representa-tive B
ILLFLORES of Texas and Rep-resentative J
OHN FLEMING of Lou-isiana. Mr. Chairman, I represent coastal Alabama, and I have spent my entire life living on the Gulf Coast. Like many of my friends and neighbors, my family has always enjoyed fishing, swimming, boating, and spending time in the Gulf of Mexico. It is safe to say that living on the Gulf becomes a way of life. For some people, the Gulf also pro-vides for economic well-being, whether through the commercial seafood indus-try, tourism, or something else. No one is a better steward of the shores and our waters than those of us who live and work in the Gulf. Since the water provides our way of life and our economic well-being, we are going to do everything we can to protect and preserve our resources. We don’t need the Federal Government to tell us what to do. That is why I am so concerned by the National Ocean Policy, which was cre-ated under President Obama’s Execu-tive Order No. 13547 in 2010. The policy requires that various bureaucracies work together to ‘‘zone the ocean’’ and the sources thereof, largely affecting the ways in which we utilize our ocean resources. The National Ocean Policy is execu-tive overreach at its very worst. The policy not only restricts ocean and in-land activities, but it redirects Federal money away from congressionally di-rected priorities for over 20 Federal agencies that meet as part of the Na-tional Ocean Council, tasked with im-plementing the National Ocean Pol-icy—a council that has no statutory authority to exist and no congressional appropriation. Numerous and varied industries will suffer as a result of this well-meaning but ill-conceived policy, including but not limited to agriculture, energy, fish-eries, mining, and marine retail enter-prises, just to name a few. Those who are affected most by the policy don’t have a say or any rep-resentation in the rulemaking process. There is no current system of oversight in place for the regional planning agen-cies created as an arm of the National Ocean Council. I urge my colleagues to stand up for our coastal communities, say no to more executive overreach, and support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the Byrne-Flores amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Maine is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I disagree with my colleague. I think that the Na-tional Ocean Policy is a vital tool that we have to help ensure that our coastal communities and their stakeholders work together and coordinate their ideas and make plans to achieve local goals. I think as a Congress we need to recognize the importance of our oceans and ocean planning. Unfortunately, each year, we come to the floor of this body on various appro-priations bills to defend the vital work of the National Ocean Policy. We have debated over 15 riders on this issue in the past two Congresses. Instead, we ought to be talking about the progress that our local communities are making on ocean planning. In New England, we are actually making progress. And this year, we have the New England re-gional ocean plan to be proud of. No process is perfect, I will give you that, but at least we have begun the discussion. Fisherman, lobstermen, and other community leaders have been in-cluded in the development of these vol-untary regional ocean plans. I urge my colleagues to oppose this misguided attempt to stop the Na-tional Ocean Policy and the important work it does. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, we have heard the phrase ‘‘land grab.’’ This is an ocean grab. There is no cooperation here. This is dictation by the Federal Government to people that live along the coast of the United States of Amer-ica. It is time to take our oceans and the water of the United States back, not for the bureaucrats in Washington, but for the people of the United States. That is who actually owns this water, not some faceless bureaucrat in Wash-ington who wants to tell us what to do. So I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment and take back control of our oceans for the peo-ple of the United States and not allow it to be directed by bureaucrats in Washington who couldn’t care less what we feel like on the coast. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I yield 11⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ), my good friend and colleague. b2350 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment, and in support of the National Ocean Pol-icy established by President Obama, an issue also championed by our junior Senator from Rhode Island, Senator S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE . Far from being government over-reach, National Ocean Policy is an ex-cellent example of how government en-gages and partners with our States and local communities. In the Northeast, we recently cele-brated the release of the draft North-east Ocean plan for management of Federal waters off the coast of New England. Since 2012, the Regional Planning Body has worked with our constituents to build a plan that will be responsive to our region’s needs. This type of col-laboration would not have been pos-sible without the implementation of the National Ocean Policy, which re-quires agencies to work together in a more efficient and collaborative man-ner. Due to this important program, we are now moving toward a more effec-tive use of our common ocean re-sources. Mr. Chairman, our oceans are en-joyed and utilized by beachgoers, com-mercial fishermen, boaters, rec-reational anglers, wind farms, and oth-ers. With proper collaboration, these mixed uses can thrive. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.234 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4795 July 12, 2016 
So I ask all of my colleagues to op-pose this amendment. By supporting National Ocean Policy, we can con-tinue to engage our citizens, effec-tively use our resources, and ensure that our ocean is sustainable for years to come. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, would you please give me a sense of how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Maine has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague from Rhode Island for once again describing what is a very impor-tant policy. I have to disagree with my colleague from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ). I do not think that this is Federal top-down. In fact, I think this is better decision-making, bottoms-up, not top-down. It gives opportunities for local commu-nities to have an input. I want to unequivocally state that we spend no money on ocean planning. The NOP does not create any Federal regulations or supersede any local or State regulations. But what it does do is it leverages taxpayer dollars to re-duce duplication between Federal, State and local agencies, to streamline data collection, and to strengthen pub-lic involvement. That is exactly what we want to have happen in our coastal communities. Our oceans and coasts support 3 mil-lion ocean-related jobs, generate $360 billion through tourism, development, commercial fishing, recreational fish-ing, boating, energy, shipping, and other activities. This is a very effective planning tool to reconcile and coordi-nate those activities. It does not pre-vent them. And just in closing, I will say that my colleague from Alabama may look at this one way, but I represent the State of Maine, which has a tremen-dous amount of coastline. I represent about half the coastline off the coast of Maine, and I have also represented many coastal communities prior to coming to Congress as a State legis-lator. I live on an island. I take a ferry for 1 hour to get home, unlike virtually any other Member of Congress. Every-body in my community is dependent on the ocean. Every island I represent is dependent on the ocean. Every coastal community has to have a working waterfront, fishermen. It has to have tourism, fishing, all of them working together. I don’t think that in the State of Maine we don’t un-derstand ocean planning. We know our oceans are desperately troubled. They are in danger. They need our attention, and Congress has to pay attention to that. We can’t do this in a haphazard way. We have to have it coordinated. So I ask my colleagues to oppose this rider, as we have many, many times, and to support National Ocean Policy. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . CRAMER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 51 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to develop, propose, finalize, implement or enforce the rule enti-tled ‘‘Management of Non-Federal Oil and Gas Rights’’ and published by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service on Decem-ber 11, 2015 (80 Fed Reg. 77200), or any rule of the same substance. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Dakota. Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Chairman, in Feb-ruary of 2014, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service issued an advance notice of proposed rulemaking called— and it is important to know what it is called—Management of Non-Federal Oil and Gas Rights. In December of last year, the proposed rule was posted and comments were due in February of this year. Mr. Chairman, States—States, not the Federal Government, States— largely regulate oil and gas operations except in circumstances where the Fed-eral Government has ownership of the mineral rights. That obviously is not the case in this rule, given its title. Where there is Federal ownership, it is the Bureau of Land Management that has regulatory authority. And for an agency that has hundreds of per-sonnel and decades of experience, even they have a hard time keeping up with the workload and maintaining ade-quate expertise in their agency. But, Mr. Chairman, not only do States have the authority and the ex-pertise to regulate oil and gas indus-try, they have the most natural and ob-vious incentive to do it well. The State regulators live in the States where the minerals reside. Now, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice does not have the personnel or the expertise to regulate oil and gas oper-ations, as demonstrated by GAO rec-ommendations. Concerns outlined by the Fish and Wildlife Service are con-cerns that are addressed by several other regulatory bodies, including State regulators and, therefore, any at-tempt by Fish and Wildlife Service to also regulate would be redundant and duplicative. Enough already with re-dundant and duplicative regulations. The added regulation will only serve to increase the delays and the costs to U.S. energy producers and, con-sequently, ultimately to the con-sumers. Mr. Chairman, my amendment sim-ply prevents funding to move this job- killing rule any further, and I encour-age my colleagues to support jobs by voting ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, this new rule updates 50-year-old regula-tions that govern the exercise of non- Federal oil and gas rights within refuge units. The objectives of this new rule are to improve the effectiveness of the regulations so that they can protect refuge resources and values, and pro-vide clarity for both operators and for the service. Updating this regulation avoids regu-latory uncertainty, providing more clarity and guidance to oil and gas op-erators and refuge staff, instituting a simple process for compliance, and in-corporating technological improve-ments in exploration and drilling tech-nology, ensures that non-Federal oil and gas operations are conducted in a manner that avoids or minimizes im-pacts to refuge resources. This amendment prohibits the serv-ice from making positive advances and allowing non-Federal oil and gas oper-ations to occur on refuge lands, while protecting these natural habitats for the benefit of future generations. I strongly oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Chairman, I would just respond to my colleague’s concern by stating that the concerns that he raises, that the Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice raises, are legitimate concerns. But they are concerns that are already being addressed by other regulatory bodies, including the States who have both the legal authority and the exper-tise as well as, as I said earlier, the natural incentive to do it well. It is where they live. I think it is also important to under-stand that it is sort of private property law 101, that the minerals are often bi-furcated from the surface, and that is the case we are talking about. And in that case, at least in North Dakota, the minerals supersede, actually, the sur-face rights. So this rule conflicts with not only common sense, but even with basic private property law. I, again, urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and as-sure my colleagues that the concerns raised are being addressed by other reg-ulatory bodies. Duplication is not nec-essary. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I would just point out that what this rule is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.237 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4796 July 12, 2016 
about is non-Federal operators oper-ating on refuge lands, and I think part of our job should be to make sure that the Fish and Wildlife Service can do their job. I oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Dakota (Mr. C
RAMER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MR . CRAWFORD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 52 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short title, insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to enforce the requirements of part 112 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, with respect to any farm (as that term is de-fined in section 112.2 of such title). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. b0000 Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment in defense of ag-ricultural producers across the country who continue to face the heavy hand of EPA regulations. The EPA’s Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure rule for on-farm fuel storage requires farmers and ranchers to make costly infrastructure improvements to their oil storage fa-cilities to reduce the possibility of an oil spill. These regulations fail to take into account, however, the relative risk of oil spills on farms, and they do not rec-ognize the simple fact that family farmers are already careful stewards of the land and water. It is clear that no one has more at stake in the health of their land than those who work on the ground from which they derive their livelihoods. Even if EPA wants to re-sist common sense, USDA actually studied risk of oil spills on farms. It de-termined that more than 99 percent of farmers have never experienced a spill. In the 2014 Water Resources Develop-ment Act, we made modifications to the exemption threshold and required EPA to go back to the drawing board and conduct a study to determine how to balance the needs of financial re-sources of small producers with their assessed spill risk. Instead, the EPA defied Congress’ wishes and hastily put together a study without evaluating risk specific to agriculture. It offered the same unsubstantiated conclusions that it found in the original SPCC rule and could not cite a single incident of a spill on a farm. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment prohibits the EPA from en-forcing its Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure rule against farms, giving special interest to one in-dustry. The EPA’s spill rule is not based upon the type of facility or type of operations, but upon the storage of oil or petroleum products. If you store greater than 1,320 gallons and if a discharge from aboveground storage would reach waterways, you fall under these regulations and must develop and implement a spill preven-tion plan. Now, some large farm oper-ations store up to 60,000 gallons of fuel in one location, and it is reckless to not require them to have some sort of spill response plan. EPA has already made efforts to ac-commodate farms and made compli-ance with the rule easier. The Agency amended its rule to provide a self-cer-tification option for the facilities, in-cluding farms that store under 10,000 gallons of oil, thereby avoiding the ex-pense of a professional engineer. EPA also provided a template for a spill control plan for farmers to use. Compliance with this rule is not dif-ficult or costly. In fact, about 95 per-cent of farms subject to the rule are el-igible to self-certify their spill preven-tion plans. This amendment could have dev-astating consequences and harmful im-pacts on our Nation’s waterways. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to join me in opposing this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, to require that all of our producers make a significant investment to prevent such an unlikely event seems out of touch with reality and disregards the already overwhelming number of safe-guards our farmers already employ. My amendment would restrict the EPA’s ability to enforce SPCC regula-tions on farms so that farmers and ranchers can go about their business of producing America’s food and fiber without having to worry about unnec-essary compliance costs and red tape. Let me say that on three separate oc-casions, the House unanimously passed my bipartisan legislation, the FUELS Act, which rolled back these same SPCC regulations on farms. We passed this same amendment during last year’s consideration of the Interior and environmental appropriations bill. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to again support our farmers and ranchers and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I once again reiterate my opposition to this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 53 OFFERED BY MR . CRAWFORD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 53 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of section 1913 of title 18, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, first let me start by thanking the gen-tleman from Washington for joining me as a cosponsor of this amendment. Our amendment is simple. It pro-hibits the EPA and other agencies from using funds in violation of a long-standing law, formally known as the Anti-Lobbying Act. Earlier this year, the Government Accountability Office ruled that the EPA violated the law by engaging in grassroots solicitation in-tended to urge the public to support the waters of the United States rule, a vast expansion of Federal jurisdiction. The GAO found that EPA went to un-precedented lengths using social media and other online tools to manufacture public support for the rule and to sway the opinions of Members of Congress. GAO cited two specific violations by the EPA that occurred during the crit-ical time when the Agency was pre-paring the final WOTUS rule. The first violation was an effort through an Internet tool called Thun-derclap which enabled the EPA to reach 1.8 million people who simulta-neously shared a message supporting the WOTUS rule. Not only did EPA write the message itself, but it dissemi-nated the message covertly, failing to identify itself as the author. Secondly, the GAO found that EPA violated the law by hyperlinking its own Web site to an outside advocacy group’s grassroots campaign effort. The site asked members of the public to take action by contacting their Members of Congress using a form let-ter written in support of the WOTUS rule. These unprecedented actions were crafted by the EPA in a deliberate ef-fort to undermine Congress and ad-vance its extremist environmental agenda. Even though the independent, nonpartisan GAO ruled EPA’s actions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.239 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4797 July 12, 2016 
clearly violated the law, nobody at EPA was ever held accountable, and no appropriate remedial action has been taken to prevent this from happening again. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, maybe the gentleman is aware, or maybe perhaps you are not aware, that there is an existing prohibition on lob-bying that applies to all Federal em-ployees that has been in place since 1919. I can cite it for you. So, in my opinion, this is unnecessary and redun-dant. I would also remind my colleagues that Federal employees are not prohib-ited from providing information to Congress on legislation, policies, or programs. But there must be an open dialogue between legislative and execu-tive branches to ensure laws are being implemented appropriately and that programs achieve their intended goals. We cannot, or we should not, operate in an information vacuum. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, as I indicated before, the GAO cited two specific violations by the EPA that did, in fact, violate the Anti-Lobbying Act that was mentioned by my colleague from Minnesota. That occurred during a critical time, as I indicated before. The Anti-Lobbying Act allows agen-cies to promote their own policies, but it prohibits them from engaging in cov-ert propaganda efforts intended to in-fluence the American public. Our amendment simply reinforces this im-portant law. It will prevent agencies like the EPA from undermining Con-gress through the use of publicity and propaganda tools that interfere with the lawmaking process. The amend-ment serves as another important re-minder to executive agencies of its proper constitutional role. Congress, not unaccountable Agency bureaucrats, is responsible for writing the laws that our citizens must live by. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, there is an existing prohibition on lob-bying. We have agreed with that. It ap-plies to all Federal employees, and it has been in place since 1919. If a Fed-eral employee breaks that, then a Fed-eral employee needs to be held ac-countable. So, in closing, Mr. Chairman, I be-lieve we do not need an extraneous, re-dundant provision to a bill that is al-ready overburdened with harmful legis-lative riders. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MR . RODNEY  
DAVIS OF ILLINOIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 54 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) None of the funds made avail-able by this Act under the heading ‘‘Environ-mental Programs and Management’’ may be used for the Office of Congressional and Intergovernmental Relations of the Environ-mental Protection Agency. (b) The amount otherwise provided by this Act for ‘‘Environmental Programs and Man-agement’’ is hereby reduced by $4,235,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, it is truly unfortunate that I actually have to offer this amend-ment. You would think an Office of Congressional Affairs that was set up to specifically deal with Members of Congress, our staff, and the different committees that all of us populate would be able to respond to simple questions. I had a very eloquent speech put to-gether, but it is getting very late out here in Washington, D.C., so I am going to condense it. The bottom line is, Mr. Chairman, over 2 years ago, I offered language in the farm bill to create a specific com-mittee on the Science Advisory Board to deal with agriculture to make sure that somebody in a concrete building out here in Washington, D.C., was able to actually be at the table when the EPA came up with a rule to regulate milk spills like oil spills. b0010 I wish somebody would have raised their hands and said, Which one can you clean up with cats? Mr. Chairman, since the public com-ment deadline ended on September 8, 2015, the EPA has failed to appoint one single person. Also, over 30 questions were submitted by Republicans and Democrats from the House Agriculture Committee in February after Gina McCarthy, the Administrator of the EPA, came to testify at a hearing, and we have yet to get a single response. Time and time again, Mr. Chairman, I have asked the same questions over and over to many people at the EPA in numerous committees that I serve on, and time and time again, we get noth-ing. We get crickets. It is an unfortunate situation that we have to go to this extreme, but it is the only way that we can send a message to an office in an agency that is com-pletely unresponsive to this institution and our constitutional responsibilities of oversight. It is wrong. Their lack of responsiveness is not only disrespect-ful, it is unconstitutional. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I want the gentleman to know that I, at times, have shared his frustration with getting answers back from the admin-istration. His amendment, I think, is going to get everybody’s attention. Un-fortunately, his amendment seeks to restrict the information provided from the EPA by just eliminating the fund-ing for the Office of Congressional/Leg-islative Affairs. I use that office quite a bit. Some-times I agree with them, sometimes I don’t, but we have a dialogue going for-ward. In order to make educated and informed decisions on environmental legislation, I believe Congress should have all of the material available, in-cluding from the administration. What I am hearing from the gen-tleman is that they are not responding to him in an adequate fashion. I hear his passion in this and, at times, I have shared his frustration. I would suggest that we work to-gether to figure out ways to improve communication dialogue and hold them accountable when they don’t get it—put a bright spotlight on it—but I oppose eliminating it. I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague. I ap-preciate her frustration. I hope she would advocate on behalf of not just me, but the entire House Agriculture Committee, that gets zero response. It is not just the House Ag Committee, it is our House T&I Committee. It is indi-vidual congressional offices that don’t have that interaction. There is such a lack of action that I didn’t take this amendment lightly. We came here to the floor tonight this late because there is a lack of respect and constitu-tional responsibility coming from this agency of the executive branch. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD a letter to the EPA dated June 14, 2016. 
JUNE14, 2016. Hon. G
INAMCCARTHY , Administrator, Environmental Protection Agen-cy, Washington, DC. D
EAR ADMINISTRATOR MCCARTHY , We are frustrated and concerned that in over two years, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has failed to create the Agriculture- Related Committee within its Science Advi-sory Board (SAB). On February 7, 2014, the Agricultural Act of 2014 was signed into law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.244 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4798 July 12, 2016 
(Pub.L. 113–79). Section 12307 of the Act di-rected the EPA to ‘‘establish a standing agri-culture-related committee’’ to provide farm-ers a stronger voice in the federal rule mak-ing process regarding regulations which im-pact agriculture. On December 10, 2014, nearly one year after this provision was signed into law, the EPA released a Federal Register Notice announc-ing its establishment of the SAB Agricul-tural Science Committee and set a deadline of January 26, 2015, to nominate members. On January 26, 2015, the EPA extended the nomination deadline to March 30, 2015. Even-tually, on August 19, 2015, after creating a list of 88 potential candidates, the EPA in-vited public comment on the candidates. Since the public comment deadline on Sep-tember 8, 2015, the EPA has failed, despite numerous requests, to keep Members, who supported this important provision, informed of meaningful actions or updates regarding the process. Our questions regarding the im-plementation of the committee have been met with empty responses, which point to a further delayed implementation process. To our knowledge, all other components of the Act have been successfully implemented. Unfortunately, the EPA’s inability to timely execute the creation of the Agriculture Science Committee, pursuant to Section 12307, has only fueled the growing disconnect between the agriculture community in rural America and the EPA. To bridge this gap, it is vital the EPA es-tablish the Agriculture Science Committee. Please respond to this request providing when you anticipate publishing the final candidate list. Thank you for your consider-ation of this request and we look forward to your prompt reply. Sincerely, Rodney Davis; Suzan DelBene; Mike Con-away; Collin C. Peterson; David Rouzer; Kurt Schrader; Tim Walz; Randy Neugebauer; Mike Bost; Doug LaMalfa; Austin Scott; Vicky Hartzler; Frank Lucas; Dan Newhouse; Trent Kelly; Bob Goodlatte; Scott DesJarlais, M.D.; Brad Ashford; David Scott; Cheri Bustos; Bob Gibbs; Ted S. Yoho, DVM; Steve King; Jackie Walorski; Glenn ‘GT’ Thompson; Filemon Vela; Ann Kirkpatrick; Mike D. Rogers; Ralph Abraham, MD; Ann McLane Kuster; Richard M. Nolan; Michelle Lujan Gris-ham; John Moolenaar; Gwen Graham. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I have got 11 people on this letter wondering why they haven’t ap-pointed a single person to the Science Advisory Board Committee that is sup-posed to deal with agricultural issues that was written in the farm bill that passed in 2014. I hate to do this amendment, but it is the only way we can send a message to the EPA and to the specific office that Congress means business in actually implementing our oversight respon-sibilities that the Constitution gives us that our Forefathers gave us. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY  D
AVIS). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment Nos. 55 and 56 will not be offered. AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 57 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Environ-mental Protection Agency to take any of the actions described as a ‘‘backstop’’ in the De-cember 29, 2009, letter from EPA’s Regional Administrator to the States in the Water-shed and the District of Columbia in re-sponse to the development or implementa-tion of a State’s watershed implementation and referred to in enclosure B of such letter. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, this evening, I rise to urge support for my amendment which would reaffirm and preserve the rights of the States to write their own water quality plans. My amendment simply prohibits the EPA from using its Chesapeake Bay total maximum daily load and the so- called watershed implementation plans to hijack States’ water quality strate-gies. Over the last several years, the EPA has implemented a total maximum daily load, or TMDL, blueprint for the six States in the Chesapeake Bay wa-tershed, which strictly limits the amount of nutrients that can enter the Chesapeake Bay. Through its imple-mentation, the EPA has basically given every State in the watershed an ultimatum—either the State does ex-actly what the EPA says, or it faces the threat of an EPA takeover of its water quality programs. Congress intended that the imple-mentation of the Clean Water Act be a collaborative approach through which the States and the Federal Government work together. This process was not meant to be subject to the whims of politicians and bureaucrats in Wash-ington, D.C. Therefore, my amendment instructs the EPA to respect the im-portant role States play in imple-menting the Clean Water Act. I want to make it perfectly clear that my amendment would not stop the EPA from working with the States to restore the Chesapeake Bay, nor would it undermine the cleanup efforts al-ready underway. My language only re-moves the ability of the EPA to take over a State’s plan or to take retalia-tory actions against a State if it does not meet EPA-mandated goals. Again, it ensures States’ rights remain intact and not usurped by the EPA. It is important to point out the cor-relation between the EPA’s outrageous waters of the United States rule and the bay TMDL. At the heart of both issues is the EPA’s desire to control conservation and water quality im-provement efforts throughout the country and to punish all those who dare to oppose them. Mr. Chairman, the bay is a national treasure, and I want to see it restored. But we know that in order to achieve this goal, the States and the EPA must work together. The EPA cannot be al-lowed to railroad the States and micro-manage the process. With this amend-ment, we are simply telling the EPA to respect the important role States play in implementing the Clean Water Act and preventing another Federal power grab by the administration. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would allow those that pol-lute the Chesapeake Bay to ignore the Environmental Protection Agency’s water quality standards. We finally have an administration that has made the Chesapeake Bay a priority by establishing mandatory water quality standards and providing financial assistance to help States, lo-calities, and businesses actually meet the new standards. This amendment also would put the funding in this bill for the Chesapeake at risk. The Federal funding is tied to the requirements for results. So how long do you think the States and local-ities will meet their obligations that they agreed to this past December in an historic agreement if the Federal fi-nancial assistance goes away? If this amendment were to become law, it would block EPA’s ability to en-force the court ordered settlement re-quiring the farm community and agri- business to meet watershed specific pollution limits. It would not, however, relieve the farms and agri-businesses from the requirements in this settle-ment. In the end, operators should be re-sponsible for controlling the pollution that they dump into our rivers and streams across this country, both for the Chesapeake and elsewhere. The courts have already sided with the EPA on this matter. Again, I urge defeat of this amend-ment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has 2
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), chair-man of the Agriculture Subcommittee. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank the gentleman for his leadership with this amend-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.123 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4799 July 12, 2016 
This amendment is meant to address the overreach, a punitive approach that the EPA is taking, intervening itself within a process that the States are taking the leadership of cleaning up a treasure—the Chesapeake Bay. We are not talking about taking away funding. As chairman of the Conserva-tion and Forestry Subcommittee, there are significant conservation dollars that go into cleaning watersheds. Wa-tersheds are part of the jurisdiction of the subcommittee that I chair in this House on the Agriculture Committee. This amendment is identical to one approved by the House last year in con-sideration of the Interior appropria-tions bill, Mr. Speaker. I have been hearing since 2009 from my constitu-ents, many of which own farms, about the significant challenges and the costs of the Chesapeake Bay total maximum daily load, or TMDL, mandate. b0020 These significant concerns also ex-tend to the State and local govern-ments because of the billions of dollars in direct costs and new regulatory bur-dens the TMDL imposes. The Agri-culture Committee’s Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee, which I have the honor of chairing, has also listened to the concerns of stakeholders over the past few Congresses. While each and every one of these witnesses whole-heartedly supports the restoration of the Chesapeake Bay, there remains great concern over the lack of con-sistent models, the heavy-handed ap-proach of the TMDL, and the lack of needed flexibility while implementing the watershed implementation plans, or WIPS. This amendment is needed in order to allow for that flexibility at the State and local levels. Pennsylvania has been very innova-tive in our efforts to do our part with the bay restoration, and that restora-tion will continue into the future. However, rather than acting punitive, the EPA must work collaboratively with the States. I strongly support this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time. I am going to repeat what I said ear-lier. My amendment does not remove the TMDL or the watershed implemen-tation plans. It only removes the retal-iatory actions threatened by the EPA. Those who oppose this amendment are right in that the States have made great improvements. The States have made great strides in cleaning up the bay; so why continue to threaten them with an EPA takeover of their water quality plans? I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, in closing, I will say a few things. One, our country has some extraordinary gems, and the Chesapeake Bay is one of them. This language, as was rightfully pointed out, was part of a bill last year, but that language was removed in conference. Part of the reason it was removed in conference is that this is part of a court-ordered settlement in which water quality standards were es-tablished, and financial assistance was tied to results. If this amendment were to pass, I think it would put in jeop-ardy that funding, and it would put in jeopardy one of our Nation’s true gems. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 58 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title) insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the draft technical re-port entitled ‘‘Protecting Aquatic Life from Effects of Hydrologic Alteration’’ published by the Environmental Protection Agency and the United States Geological Survey on March 1, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 10620). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I rise to offer a simple amendment that will protect private water rights and prohibit the EPA’s attempt to expand Clean Water Act regulation beyond what Congress has intended. This amendment prohibits the use of funds to carry out the draft EPA-USGS technical report, entitled, ‘‘Protecting Aquatic Life from Effects of Hydro-logic Alteration,’’ which is agency guidance that aims to expand the scope of the Clean Water Act and Federal control over waters currently under the jurisdiction of States. A March 1, 2016, Scientific Investiga-tions Report from the Environmental Protection Agency argues that the Clean Water Act gives the EPA the au-thority to regulate not just the quality of waters of the U.S. but also the quan-tity, or amount, of water in the Na-tion’s river and water systems. The management of water rights and allocation quantities from all natural streams, lakes, and other collections is an authority that is enshrined in State constitutions and compacts across the West—legal protections that are ex-plicitly designed to exclude inter-ference from the Federal Government. Under the expanded scope of the au-thority, the EPA suggests in their re-port that the Federal Government could require an individual private water owner or a local municipality to obtain a Federal permit any time it al-ters the amount of water available in streams or other water systems. In their comments on the draft re-port, the Family Farm Alliance stated, ‘‘The report relies heavily on concepts rather than real science’’ and that the legal strategies advocated in the report ‘‘could embolden some regulators and special interest groups to seek flow re-quirements on water projects, even if doing so has no support in Federal or State law.’’ Unfortunately, this is par for the course for the Obama administration to push an economically disastrous agenda at the expense of science, the rule of law, and basic common sense. In their statement endorsing my amendment, Americans for Tax Reform explained, ‘‘American citizens cannot afford more economic hurdles and the commandeering of State powers over precious water supplies from an over-zealous, unaccountable Federal Gov-ernment. States, local governments, and private water rights holders should not be subjected to such costly and burdensome Federal overreach.’’ In addition, the Family Farm Alli-ance, the Americans for Tax Reform, and dozens of national, regional, and local organizations have endorsed my amendment to rein in this Federal overreach and have expressed serious concerns regarding the EPA’s dubious report. In their comments on the draft re-port, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce stated, ‘‘The Chamber is concerned that the agencies will use these argu-ments to further expand Federal juris-diction over land and water features without proper constitutional author-ity.’’ The National Association of Con-servation Districts echoed that very same sentiment, stating, ‘‘NACD be-lieves that the report attempts to ex-pand the Clean Water Act beyond Con-gress’ original intent.’’ The American Petroleum Institute stated, ‘‘The draft report constitutes rulemaking in the guise of guidance. The draft report is vague and ambig-uous, and owing to these concerns, EPA and USGS should withdraw the draft report and not finalize it.’’ In my home State, the Arizona Farm Bureau Federation stated, ‘‘Not only is this Federal overreach, but it becomes a bureaucratic and logistical night-mare for individuals and businesses.’’ I think the Mohave Livestock Asso-ciation summed up the issue best when they stated, ‘‘The last thing our pro-ducers need is another layer of costly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.250 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4800 July 12, 2016 
and time-consuming permitting. The States understand water use in their respective ecological territories better than any centralized bureaucracy from Washington, D.C.’’ I am honored that this amendment is supported by the American Farm Bu-reau Federation, Americans for Lim-ited Government, the American Public Power Association, Americans for Tax Reform, the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, the Fam-ily Farm Alliance, the National Asso-ciation of Conservation Districts, the National Water Resources Association, and countless other organizations and individuals throughout the country. My amendment prohibits the EPA from implementing, administering, or enforcing their misguided attempt to usurp States’ rights and control the quantity of water used by individual owners and local municipalities. I ask my colleagues to support this amend-ment. I thank the chairman and the rank-ing member for their good work on this bill. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, this amend-ment would prohibit funding to imple-ment, administer, or enforce the draft technical report, entitled, ‘‘Protecting Aquatic Life from Effects of Hydro-logic Alteration,’’ published by the EPA and by the USGS on March 1, 2016. This draft technical report is not a policy. It is not guidance. It is not a criteria document. It shows no advo-cacy. It doesn’t require States to do anything. This technical document provides information to help States and tribes and territories and water re-source managers and other stake-holders actually understand how water flows impact water quality, and it gives examples of what some States have chosen to do to address flow con-cerns. The EPA and the USGS collaborated to develop this report in response to State and EPA regional requests. The draft report had a 105-day comment pe-riod, which closed on June 17, 2016, and it received more than 100 submissions from Federal and State partners, wa-tershed groups, mining and farming as-sociations, and other highly engaged stakeholders. Now that the comment period has ended, the EPA and the USGS will consider the comments and revise the document and then publish a final document, which will serve as a source of technical information for States, tribes, territories, and other stakeholders. Why would we prohibit producing a resource document? The EPA is tar-geting the release date for the final publication as September 30, 2016, which is the end of fiscal year 2016, meaning the final report will supersede the prohibition on the draft technical report in the fiscal year 2017 bill. This draft technical document re-ceived extensive internal and external technical peer review by scientists with expertise in environmental flow. If the report is not finalized, States will not be able to benefit from critical scientific information or from the ef-fective solutions shared by other States. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, as I have said, it is well-established legal doc-trine that the Constitution and the Clean Water Act strictly limit the Fed-eral Government’s authority to usurp State water rights and compacts. I urge my colleagues to join me in protecting State authority, private property rights, and in reining in yet another EPA Federal overreach. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on Gosar amendment No. 58. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chair, again, I will just say in closing that this is a draft technical report that doesn’t set pol-icy, that doesn’t set guidance, that doesn’t have advocacy, that doesn’t re-quire States to do anything. This is a resource document, and I don’t know why we would prohibit producing a re-source document. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment Nos. 59 and 60 will not be offered. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 61 printed in House Report 114–683. b0030 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MR . JENKINS OF  
WEST VIRGINIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 62 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chair, I rise to offer my amendment, No. 62, as printed in the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Environ-mental Protection Agency to develop, final-ize, promulgate, implement, administer, or enforce any rule under section 112 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7412) that applies to glass manufacturers that do not use contin-uous furnaces. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, my amendment to the bill today is very straightforward. What it would do is preserve our Nation’s spe-cialty glass manufacturers from EPA overregulation. Specialty glass manufacturers, these are the small businesses. These are fa-cilities typically employing less than 50 employees. Yet, they produce the stained glass windows that adorn our churches, decorative vases, commemo-rative and artisan products. West Virginia has a proud tradition of specialty glass manufacturing. In fact, one of the oldest companies is Blenko Glass in Milton, West Virginia, which is in my district. Its limited edi-tion pieces are prized by collectors and have been handed down through gen-erations. Let me give my colleagues a sense of where some of the Blenko Glass is today: Colonial Williamsburg, West-minster Abbey—the replacement glass for antique windows at the White House is from Blenko Glass. Jackie Kennedy actually used Blenko Glass at the White House—the Cadet Chapel at the Air Force Academy in Colorado, St. Patrick’s Cathedral in New York City. And that beautiful award from the Country Music Association that is given out to the recipient, it is a piece of Blenko Glass. This is proud American tradition, and that tradition is now in jeopardy. Blenko, like all other specialty glass manufacturers in the Nation, is facing changes to the standards that would make it harder to make glass. The EPA is considering revising the current reg-ulation to make it harder for these small businesses to simply make glass. My amendment would simply protect specialty glass manufacturers that use noncontinuous furnaces for their glass-making. The rules for continuous fur-naces for the bigger glass-producing fa-cilities, which produce items like glass bottles, cookware, and windows, would still apply under current regulation. I urge my colleagues’ support for this amendment to protect our Nation’s small, specialty, and often family- owned, glass manufacturers. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I claim time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would impede the EPA’s ability to regulate toxic air pollutants from glass manufacturers. EPA cur-rently requires glass manufacturers to limit their air toxic emissions, which contain carcinogenic heavy metals like arsenic and lead. My good friend, Mr. JENKINS ’, amend-ment seeks to block these require-ments from refined glass manufactur-ers that do not use continuous furnaces or that produce less than 50 tons of glass per year. I point out at the present time there are no Federal air toxic emission regu-lations that cover those types of glass 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.253 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4801 July 12, 2016 
facilities. So this amendment tries to fix a problem that doesn’t really exist, and in the process, it would hamstring the EPA’s ability to protect public health. Just this year, we saw that glass manufacturers who do not use a con-tinuous furnace may also pose a sig-nificant health risk to neighboring communities in Oregon, just to the south of me. Air monitoring data showed that glass manufacturers using a batch process were emitting high lev-els of arsenic and chromium. The EPA has been investigating the situation to ensure that other communities are not exposed to these harmful contami-nants. While these manufacturers are only a small portion of the market, reports have shown that these facilities can be alarmingly close to homes and even to schools, having serious implications for the health of nearby families and kids. We should be shielding these commu-nities from these toxic air emissions instead of limiting the EPA’s ability to take necessary action to protect public health, as this amendment would do. This amendment preempts regulation and carves out an exemption for one particular industry. I urge my col-leagues to oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, again, let me make ref-erence to what the existing EPA regu-lations do. There are current regula-tions, but the exemptions from the cur-rent regulation, as it stands right now, are for those glass manufacturers that are noncontinuous furnaces and produce under a certain amount of ton-nage of glass each year. The EPA is looking at changing those regulations. We are not trying to carve-out a new exemption. We are just trying to sustain and contain in the current law the exemptions for the noncontinuous furnaces and those under a certain amount of tonnage. So we are not making any changes. We are simply trying to maintain the current exemption because we see the EPA out looking to make changes to eliminate the current exemptions that exist in the law. Once again, another step of the EPA overreach that will be jeopardizing the small glass manufacturers that mean so much to not only our employment base, but also our heritage. I encourage support for my amend-ment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Chairman, I would just say, again, in closing, I have seen much of this glasswork. It is really im-pressive. But, as impressed and grate-ful as I am for that artistry, I also care a lot about kids and making sure that they are not exposed to toxic air pol-lutants. With that, I oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. J EN-
KINS). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MS . GRAHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 63 printed in House Report 114–683. Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chair, as the des-ignee of the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ), I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to research, inves-tigate, or study offshore drilling in any por-tion of the Eastern Gulf of Mexico Planning Area of the Outer Continental Shelf that under section 104 of the Gulf of Mexico En-ergy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note) may not be offered for leasing, preleasing, or any related activity. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. G
RAHAM ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Florida. Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chair, I would like to recognize my colleagues, Mr. J
OLLY and Mr. C LAWSON , who are my good friends and cosponsors of this amendment. Second, I would also like to remind my colleagues that this amendment passed by voice during last year’s de-bate, and I am hopeful we can do the same again this year. As many of my colleagues know from across the country, who have visited Florida at some point and have enjoyed our beautiful beaches, sunshine, water, white sand—and I don’t mean to brag, but we really do live in a paradise. That is why for years we have fought oil drilling off of our beaches, and, thankfully, the Federal Government has listened to the people of Florida and banned drilling in the eastern Gulf of Mexico. This amendment would strengthen that ban and our commitment to pro-tect Florida’s beaches by prohibiting exploration and testing for oil in the eastern Gulf. Our military opposes it, conservationists oppose it, and Flor-ida’s tourism industry opposes it. I am proud to work with Mr. J
OLLY  and Mr. C
LAWSON on this important amendment for Florida, and I hope my colleagues will join us in supporting this amendment to protect Florida’s Gulf beaches. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. I understand this amendment dovetails with the current congressional moratorium that exists through 2022. Therefore, the amend-ment isn’t necessary for this year. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chair, as I pre-viously said, the purpose of this is to strengthen the ban. And, again, I was on the beaches following the BP oil spill and saw the tar washing up on the shores. I am proud to represent many military installations in the State of Florida and in north Florida, and they don’t wish to have this either for train-ing purposes for our military. b0040 I would like to just reiterate this is something that, in a bipartisan nature, has been approved of. It was just ap-proved last year, and I would just like to respectfully request that it be ap-proved again this year by voice vote. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I am in opposition to the amendment. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. We already have a mora-torium in effect. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I will just close by reminding my colleagues that this has been a longstanding, bi-partisan consensus that, for military as well as economic reasons, should be strengthened, and we should not be drilling in the eastern Gulf. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. GRAHAM ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 64 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
IOWA 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 64 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act, including the amendments made by this Act, may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the prevailing rate of wage requirements in subchapter IV of chap-ter 31 of title 40, United States Code (com-monly referred to as the Davis-Bacon Act). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is an amendment that I have brought in past years. What it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.257 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4802 July 12, 2016 
does, it says none of the funds made available by this act, including the amendments made by this act, may be used to implement, administer, or en-force a prevailing rate of wage require-ments in subchapter 4, which is basi-cally referred to normally as the Davis- Bacon Act. The Davis-Bacon Act is a bill that was passed back in the early 1930s. The purpose of it was to lock the labor out from Alabama that was going, during the Depression years, up into New York to build Federal buildings and com-peting with the labor unions up there that happened to be locking Black workers out of the workforce in New York. It was brought to us by a Sen-ator and by a House Member from New York—both Republicans, by the way. It is the remaining Jim Crow law that I know of on the books, and it imposes what is called a prevailing wage on all contractors doing Federal contracts that are $2,000 or more. King Construction has been in busi-ness since 1975. That is 41 years. We have dealt with this Davis-Bacon wage scale for a long time. Not only is it ex-pensive, and it costs the taxpayers extra money on every single project on which it is imposed, but it also brings about inefficiencies that are brought about because of the reporting require-ments, the confusion that is there. We happen to have seen on our jobs people that jump from machine to ma-chine to try to get to the highest pay-ing machine, not the most efficient one. That is just one picture of what Davis-Bacon does. There are many oth-ers. Our numbers from our company are someplace between 8 and 35 per-cent, depending on your project, that the cost of these projects are increased unnecessarily. It does not reflect pre-vailing wage. It reflects an imposed union scale. This is something that this Congress has to come to grips with if we are going to ever get to balance and be re-sponsible with the taxpayer dollars. I urge its adoption. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, over the past few years, we have taken sev-eral votes on whether or not we should waive prevailing wage requirements that are contained in Davis-Bacon. In each and every instance, the Congress has rejected these efforts because there is strong bipartisan support for fair labor standards for construction con-tracts. Davis-Bacon is a pretty simple con-tract, and it is a fair one. What the Davis-Bacon Act does is it protects the government as well as workers in car-rying out a policy of paying a decent wage on government contracts. Davis- Bacon simply requires workers on fed-erally funded construction projects be paid no less than the wages paid in the community for similar work. I want to stress this again—Federal construction projects to be paid no less than wages paid in communities for similar work. It requires every contractor for which the government is a party in ex-cess of $2,000 contain a provision defin-ing minimum wages paid to various classes of laborers and mechanics. This law has helped workers in all trades all over the Nation, and there is no need to abandon those workers today. I urge my colleagues to oppose the King amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I would say in response to the gentle-woman from Minnesota that the actual application of the Davis-Bacon wage act is not what we would call a fair labor standard, not when you have some hacks that sit in a room once a year and decide whether and who gets how much of a raise. It is not free en-terprise. It is not merit. It is based on backroom deals. It is based on impos-ing union scale and making the tax-payers pay for that. If I don’t hear that this year, it is the first year I haven’t heard it, and that is the argument that the quality of the work isn’t there. Well, the honor of our employees for 41 years, and many other merit shop employees, is on the line. We meet plans and specifications. They are Federal projects. They are in-spected, and the standard of the work is indiscernible, except that we don’t happen to have union squabbles on our jobs, and we pay the wage that is nec-essary to keep good help, and we have had some of the lowest unemployment rates that anybody has had. In fact, my rates were zero because we kept our people on year round. We take care of our employees. We provide a benefits package. So do the merit shop people I know. So often I hear from the other side of the aisle that the Federal Government has no business interfering in a rela-tionship between two or more con-senting adults, and this is one of those cases. It is a contract of labor between the employer and the employee. The Federal Government needs not be in-volved in that. When they are, it in-variably costs the taxpayers more money. We can dredge five harbors instead of four. We can repair five locks and dams instead of four if we pass this amend-ment. Why would we, with the starva-tion of resources to our interior, why would we deny those resources the most efficient application? I urge the adoption of my amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have re-maining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota has 3
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ). Mr. KILMER. I thank the gentle-woman from Minnesota for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amend-ment because I support Davis-Bacon. Studies have shown that Davis-Bacon actually doesn’t increase the cost to taxpayers, but what happens is that, if this amendment were to pass, you would see a reduction in wages. You would see an increase with these pro-tections from Davis-Bacon being pulled away, an increase in on-the-job inju-ries. You would have fewer workers with health benefits. Davis-Bacon is about preventing wage exploitation. It is about pre-venting, undercutting local wages. I will tell you this. This is about en-suring that when the Federal Govern-ment builds a project with taxpayer money that it is not just about build-ing a road or a bridge or a facility. It is about building the middle class, and it is about building the next generation of workers. It is about providing train-ing and providing a good wage for peo-ple to be able to live and earn a good living and live with dignity. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Chairman, I have to say in contradiction to the gentleman who just spoke, on-the-job injuries, I don’t know what would sup-port that, whether or not there is a Davis-Bacon wage scale on that. That has to do with your safety policy on the job. It has to do with the culture of the company, and it has to do, to a de-gree, with the culture of the projects that you are on. The fewer benefits side of this thing, I think it goes the other way, because Davis-Bacon requires that you add dol-lars into this Federal-mandated union scale to pay benefits; and when that happens, you are paying a benefit fig-ure on a dollar figure to the employees rather than, say, a health insurance package that is going to take care of them far better and in the long term. I point out also today that we had testimony from the Secretary of Trans-portation from the State of Oklahoma, Secretary Gary Ridley, who said that they run into the inefficiencies driven by Davis-Bacon where you have as many as three or more different pay scales on a single project that might stretch out over 6, 8, or 10 miles. They end up in different wage scales. So the contractors have to keep track of who crosses that line in what machine. The confusion of all that adds to the ineffi-ciencies as well. The most important thing is this: the taxpayers are paying an unnecessary premium for projects that we could be far ahead of where we are right now if we hadn’t had all these years of this Davis-Bacon wage scale. I would reit-erate: it is ironic that it is the Demo-crats who are always on the floor de-fending the last Jim Crow law on the books. It is time to get rid of the last Jim Crow law on the books. Let free enter-prise prevail. Let the taxpayers be the beneficiaries of this. I urge the adop-tion of my amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.262 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4803 July 12, 2016 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b0050 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, while I would just like to point out that corporate interests and their ad-vocates often claim that Davis-Bacon increases taxpayers costs, there isn’t a study that proves that. In fact, a study of school construction costs in the Great Plains States shows that pre-vailing wage laws did not only not raise constructions costs, but also that repealing such wage laws hurt tax-payers and workers. After Kansas’ prevailing wage law was repealed, wages fell 11 percent, training programs declined by 28 per-cent, and job site injuries rose 19 per-cent. Highway construction costs are actually higher when workers are paid less, according to an analysis of the Federal Highway Administration data by the Construction Labor Research Council. The studies showed that the cost to build 1 mile in States average $17.65 per hour, compared with low wages of $9.97 per hour, on average. Money was actually saved, on average, by higher productivity. Better produc-tivity, better wages. In Wisconsin, a study of the State’s prevailing wage laws shows that poten-tial savings from wage cuts were never outweighed by the cost of income to communities. Annual costs of repeal-ing the law has estimated between $123 million in lost income and net tax rev-enues to a loss of $6.8 million. In Mis-souri, a similar study showed a loss to the State of $380 million to $384 mil-lion. Cost overruns are more likely without prevailing wages. As a member of the Democratic- Farmer-Labor Party, I urge my col-leagues to oppose the King amendment and pay people in the community a prevailing wage under Davis-Bacon. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be post-poned. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 65 printed in House Report 114–683. 
AMENDMENT NO . 66 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 66 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Hydraulic Fracturing on Federal and Indian Lands’’ as published in the Federal Register on March 26, 2015 and March 30, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 16127 and 16577, respectively). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, the process of hydrau-lic fracturing, often used in combina-tion with horizontal drilling, has un-locked vast new American energy re-sources, making the United States the largest energy producer in the world. This creates tens of thousands of good- paying jobs and lower energy prices for consumers. Despite this technological advance-ment, the Obama administration, act-ing through the Bureau of Land Man-agement, has sought to regulate it out of existence by trying to institute new, onerous regulations regarding well con-struction and water management for hydraulic fracturing operations that take place on Federal and Indian lands. Thankfully, the U.S. District Court in Wyoming recently struck down BLM’s hydraulic fracturing rule, find-ing that the BLM lacks authority from Congress to regulate the process of fracking, and was acting contrary to law. As expected, the Obama adminis-tration has filed an appeal to the Tenth Circuit Court. Despite being illegal, these burden-some regulations simply do not recog-nize the extensive work done by the States to regulate hydraulic fracturing within their borders. The Natural Resources Committee has heard from numerous witnesses from Utah, Wyoming, Colorado, and other States, who have testified to the tireless process these States went through to draft and implement their regulations—regulations that are very successful. My home State of Colorado has been safely using hydraulic fracturing for over 40 years, and has the toughest Hy-draulic Fracturing Disclosure Rule in the Nation. Even our Democratic Gov-ernor, John Hickenlooper, who has ac-tually drunk hydraulic fracturing fluid to show that it is safe, believes it is the State’s responsibility to regulate in-dustry. And this amendment will do ex-actly that by ensuring that States like Colorado can continue to safely regu-late energy production based on local geology and conditions without unnec-essary and unlawful interference from the Federal Government. One size does not fit all and the States frequently—I think always— know better than the Federal bureau-crats in Washington do what their ge-ology is like, what their water is like, and so son. So I ask that you support my amend-ment and allow the current energy ren-aissance to continue ensuring a stable supply of affordable and reliable en-ergy. This will help drive down prices for gasoline, electricity, and home heating. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. This amendment would prohibit the Bureau of Land Management from implementing a uni-form national standard for hydraulic fracking on public lands. This amend-ment would prohibit the BLM from im-plementing a uniform national stand-ard for hydraulic fracking on public lands. Public lands only. Such a stand-ard is necessary to ensure that oper-ations on public and tribal lands are safe and environmentally responsible. Of the 32 States with potential for oil and gas development on federally man-aged mineral resources, only slightly more than half have rules in place to address hydraulic fracturing. And those that do have rules vary greatly in their requirements. So BLM continues to offer millions of acres of public land for conventional and renewable energy production, and it is critical that the public have con-fidence and transparency that effective State and environmental protections are in place. So, as I said before, there are 32 States, and half of them don’t even have anything in place that BLM could use. BLM is looking to have an imple-mentation of a rule in State offices, and they are in the process of meeting with their State counterparts, under-taking State-by-State comparisons and regulatory requirements. I believe what the gentleman has told me about Colorado; it looks like that would be best practices and something BLM would want to look at and maybe model under. So they are trying to establish mem-orandums of understanding. Unfortu-nately, what your amendment does is stop that from going forward. I think that, for right now, BLM needs to come up with a transparent standard so that when people are interacting with BLM State by State and when the taxpayers are looking at what BLM is doing, there is transparency, there is clarity, and there is uniformity. Unfortunately, I have to oppose the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, the gentlewoman has raised an interesting point. On the surface, there is some merit to what she says. However, there is one big flaw. She wasn’t aware be-cause she wasn’t in the hearing, but when BLM came and spoke to our com-mittee, I said to them: States like Col-orado are doing a good job already. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.263 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4804 July 12, 2016 
Why don’t you just regulate the States that don’t have their own regulation? Well, they said: No. We want to regu-late everybody. They really didn’t care whether States had good regulations in place or not. So I think they gave away the game. They just wanted to put more regulation on industry. What that means is that you have two sets of reg-ulations to have to wade through, and that is going to shut out marginal plays, it is going to shut out jobs of people that would have been in those marginal plays. So BLM really wasn’t interested in listening to the States. They rejected that suggestion, and they just want to regulate everybody. Let’s let the States do what they do best. They know their territory, they know their water, they know their ge-ology. They are doing a great job al-ready. No one ever raised any examples of where the States had not done a good job. So let’s pass this amendment and BLM can manage the land and not do what the States are already doing. That is the way it should be. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b0100 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. I thank the gen-tleman for an interesting discussion, but here is the challenge I see: 32 States with the potential of oil and gas development on federally managed lands, only slightly more than half have rules in place. So then, if the Fed-eral Government is considering pos-sible development on its own land and it is in a State that doesn’t have a rule, they need to have a rule. They need to have transparency. They need to have accountability to the taxpayer, to our constituents. So they are trying to form rules and regulations, and I am hopeful that BLM—and I will make some inquiries— is in the process of meeting with their State counterparts and taking best practices to develop rules, to develop transparency, to develop account-ability in the States where no rules exist. At this current time, I really have to oppose the gentleman’s amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 67 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 67 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or en-force the threatened species or endangered species listing of any plant or wildlife that has not undergone a review as required by section 4(c)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533(c)(2) et seq.). The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is straightforward. It simply ensures that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is following current law, specifically, sec-tion 4(c)(2) of the Endangered Species Act, by conducting a review of all threatened and endangered plants and wildlife at least once every 5 years. Time after time, the Federal Govern-ment refuses to follow the Endangered Species Act. The government des-ignates land as critical habitat, despite not meeting the ESA, Endangered Spe-cies Act, definition; and the govern-ment consistently refuses to remove plants and animals from threatened or endangered status, even when these species are flourishing and are no longer in need of ESA protections. But you may ask yourself: How does the government know when the species should be removed from the endangered or threatened list? How does the gov-ernment know if a species is recov-ering? The answer can be found in the ESA and its requirement that the Federal Government reviews all plants or spe-cies that are currently listed as endan-gered or threatened every 5 years. Under the act, the purpose of a 5-year review is to ensure that threatened or endangered species have the appro-priate level of protection. The reviews assess each threatened and endangered species to determine whether its status has changed since the time of its list-ing, or its last status review, and whether it should be removed from the list, delisted; reclassified from endan-gered to threatened, which is downlisted; reclassified from threat-ened to endangered, uplisted; or just maintain the species’ current classi-fication, the status quo. And because the act grants extensive protection to a species, including harsh penalties for landowners and other citi-zens, it makes sense to regularly verify if a plant or animal is being properly classified or should be delisted. Despite this commonsense requirement, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has ac-knowledged that it has neglected its responsibility to conduct the required reviews for hundreds of listed species. For example, in Florida alone, it was found that 77 species, out of a total of 124 protected species in the State, were overdue for a 5-year review. In other words, the government had not fol-lowed the law for a staggering 62 per-cent of species in that State. In California, the U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service acknowledged that it had failed to follow the law for roughly two-thirds of the State species listed under the Endangered Species Act and was forced by the courts to conduct the required reviews of 194 species. By enforcing the 5-year review, my amendment will ensure that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is using the best available scientific information in implementing its responsibilities under the Endangered Species Act, including incorporating new information through public comment and assessing ongoing conservation efforts. I encourage my colleagues to join me in ensuring that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service follows the Endan-gered Species Act and that we do not provide money in this bill that would violate current law. I ask you to sup-port my amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the service attempts to comply with the statutory mandate to review the status of listed species every 5 years to deter-mine whether or not the classifications of threatened or endangered are still appropriate, and you gave some elo-quent answers. However, the service has a backlog of such reviews due to the funding limita-tion, such as the 30 percent listing re-duction contained in this bill—$3 mil-lion less than they had last year. This has been cumulative time and time again. So if you don’t have the resources, if you don’t have the staff, if you don’t have the wherewithal to get out in the field and do the job, a backlog occurs. The reason why, that they are behind with the backlog on this, is because they don’t have the resources to do their job. And whose responsibility is that? It is Congress’ responsibility to make sure that they have the funding nec-essary to get up, go to work in the morning, and get rid of this backlog and do their job. We have a responsi-bility to put the tools in the toolbox for them to be able to do their job properly; and this Congress, and this piece of legislation, fails to give them the tools in the toolbox, and so the backlog will continue. So I oppose the gentleman’s amend-ment because it is not U.S. Fish and Wildlife’s lack of wanting to do their job. It is their lack of ability, through the lack of funding, to do the job the way that they would like to do it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, de-pending on how you look at the budget, we are talking about, like, let’s say $11 billion, and they just have to do a bet-ter job of prioritizing their work. It is not our fault that they are not doing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.266 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4805 July 12, 2016 
the required 5-year species review. I think we agree that that should be done. So sometimes you just have to tell the bureaucracy that they need to get on the ball and do the right thing, and that’s all this amendment does. And they just have to have a better set of priorities. If they are not following the current law, they just need to get up and do it. So let’s pass this amendment. Let’s make them follow the law. It is better for all the species involved if we know whether they are being conserved and the efforts behind them are working or not. We need to know that. So let’s pass this amendment, make them follow the law. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Once again, I thank the gentleman for being here because I think we have had some discussions about the work that needs to be done on the policy committees and some of the challenges that we have in this bill with our limited resources. As my grandmother would say, and maybe you had a grandparent who had a similar saying: You can’t get water out of a rock. We keep asking the Fish and Wildlife Service, National Park Service, all kinds of wonderful people who get up every morning wanting to do the best job possible and protecting our natural resources, to do more and more and more and more with less. At some point, they just can’t do any more be-cause they don’t have the full-time equivalents. They don’t have the sci-entists that they can hire. They don’t have the resource managers who can get out and work in the local commu-nity. They are hamstrung. So for only that reason, I oppose the gentleman’s amendment. If they were fully funded and I could look them in the eye and say, ‘‘You have all the tools in the toolbox; get the job done,’’ I would be with you, sir. But they do not have all the tools in the toolbox, and this Congress has underfunded them repeatedly, and that is why we have the backlog. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. b0110 
AMENDMENT NO . 68 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider Amendment No. 68 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to implement or en-force the threatened species listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, this is my third and last amendment on this bill, and I am hopeful that maybe this is one we can agree on. Mr. Chairman, the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse is a tiny rodent with a body approximately 3 inches long, a 4- to 6-inch long tail, and large hind feet adapted for jumping. This largely noc-turnal mouse lives primarily in stream side ecosystems along the foothills of southeastern Wyoming south to Colo-rado Springs in my district along the eastern ridge of the Front Range of Colorado. To evade predators, the mouse can jump like a miniature kangaroo up to 18 inches high using its long, whip-like tail as a rudder to switch directions in mid-air. But the little acrobat’s most famous feet was its leap onto the En-dangered Species list in May, 1998, a move that has hindered development from Colorado Springs, Colorado, to Laramie, Wyoming. Among projects that have been af-fected: the Jeffco Parkway southeast of Rocky Flats, an expansion of Chatfield Reservoir, and housing developments in El Paso County along tributaries of Monument Creek. Builders, land-owners, and local governments in af-fected areas have incurred hundreds of millions of dollars in added costs be-cause of this mouse. And protecting the Preble’s mouse has even been placed ahead of protecting human life. On September 11, 2013, Colorado expe-rienced a major flood event that dam-aged or destroyed thousands of homes, important infrastructure, and public works projects. As a result of the Preble’s mouse’s listing as an endan-gered species, many restoration projects were delayed as Colorado sought a waiver. In fact, FEMA was so concerned that they sent out a notice that stated: ‘‘Legally required review may cause some delay in projects un-dertaken in the Preble’s mouse habi-tat.’’ It goes on to warn that ‘‘local of-ficials who proceed with projects with-out adhering to environmental laws risk fine and could lose Federal fund-ing for their projects.’’ While a waiver was eventually grant-ed, the scientific evidence simply does not justify these delays or the millions of taxpayer dollars that go toward pro-tecting a mouse that is actually part of a larger group that roams throughout half of the North American continent. Scientific studies have concluded that the Preble’s mouse does not war-rant protection because it isn’t a sub-species at all, and is actually related to the Bear Lodge jumping mouse. Even the scientist that originally classified this mouse as a subspecies has since re-canted his work. Moreover, the Preble’s mouse has a low conservation parity score—meaning the hundreds of millions of dollars already spent on protection efforts could have been bet-ter spent on other, more fragile spe-cies. My amendment would correct the in-justice that has been caused by the in-accurate listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse and refocus the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service’s efforts on species that have been thoroughly sci-entifically vetted and that should be managed by the Endangered Species Act. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-leagues to support the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would prohibit Fish and Wildlife from implementing or enforc-ing a threatened species listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse under the Endangered Species Act. On April 11, 2016, the service an-nounced the availability of a draft re-covery plan for the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse which the public could review and comment on until June 10, 2016. Now the service is currently review-ing and considering all the comments that they received, so nothing is final yet. So this is premature. You are pre-dicting an outcome that I don’t know whether or not you would agree with. So under this amendment, the service would not be able to continue to re-cover this species because the Endan-gered Species Act would still apply. The service would not be able to work with agencies. It would not be able to work with developers. It would not be able to work with landowners in order to abide ESA compliance. Additionally, the amendment will also limit the service from undertaking required status reviews of the sub-species from being able to implement any rulemaking down-listing or delisting the species if they thought it was appropriate after they were done with their review. Sadly, the gentleman’s amendment would undermine the service’s ability to work collaboratively with States, local governments, communities, and landowners to conserve this imperiled species, and the amendment would cre-ate uncertainty for landowners and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.269 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4806 July 12, 2016 
also make them vulnerable to lawsuits. So I think we should be supporting Fish and Wildlife to finish doing the job that it started and not blocking it from doing the job it is currently get-ting ready to do when it comes to this species. So because nothing is final yet, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I would just like to point out that this species should have never been listed in the first place. It is highly disputed and contentious science that it was ever even listed at all. So on the previous amendment I think we discussed how the Fish and Wildlife Service is already too busy in your State and they don’t have enough money to do what they need to do right now. Let’s free up a lot of their work-load and take this one off the table be-cause it shouldn’t have been listed in the first place. Then they will have more time to do everything else that they claim to want to do. Mr. Chairman, I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . 
LOUDERMILK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 69 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, imple-ment, administer, or enforce the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium- and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehicles-Phase 2’’ published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on July 13, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 40138 et seq.), with respect to trailers. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, under the Clean Air Act, Congress di-rected the EPA to regulate ‘‘any air pollutant from any class or classes of new motor vehicles or new motor vehi-cle engines, which may be reasonably anticipated to endanger public health or welfare.’’ Congress further defined ‘‘motor ve-hicle’’ as a ‘‘self-propelled vehicle de-signed for transporting persons or property on a street or highway.’’ Mr. Chairman, any reasonable person would understand that self-propelled vehicle means a vehicle that can propel itself of its own initiative. One would think of pickup trucks, semis, vans, or cars. One thing that does not come to mind is the back portion of a tractor trailer being the trailer portion which has no way of self-propelling itself. Unfortunately, the EPA doesn’t seem to see it that way. In last year’s pro-posed rules for greenhouse gas emis-sions and fuel efficiency standards for on-road heavy-duty vehicles and en-gines, the EPA attempted to regulate truck trailers as self-propelled vehi-cles. Furthermore, the EPA has a vol-untary program called SmartWay that provides engineering guidelines for aerodynamics and reduced truck weight. SmartWay, which is voluntary, is intended to improve fuel efficiency for combined tractor tailers. However, SmartWay only improves fuel efficiency when tractor trailers are traveling at highway speeds of more than 50 miles per hour. SmartWay provides no benefits whatso-ever when the tractor trailers are trav-eling at less than 50 miles per hour around towns which are where most of the tractor trailers are used in the United States. But EPA wants to man-date all trailers to be governed by SmartWay, even those that travel less than 50 miles per hour. In fact, if the government manipu-lates the weight of trailers, cargo gets displaced which results in more tractor trailers on the road, higher consumer prices, and more greenhouse gas emis-sions just to meet current freight de-mands. Mr. Chairman, the trailers that EPA is proposing to regulate are highly cus-tomized to the individual specifica-tions of each customer. Trailer manu-facturers should not be forced to com-ply with a one-size-fits-all standard es-pecially when given that so many trail-ers do not gain any fuel efficiency ben-efits from SmartWay. My amendment would prevent the EPA from using any funds in the bill to regulate trailers under the greenhouse gas rule. Not only should these guide-lines remain voluntary because they only benefit some trailers, EPA has no business regulating trailers under the Clean Air Act given that they are not self-propelled. This proposed regulation by the EPA is another example of a Federal agency overstepping its bounds and attempt-ing to enact a regulation that benefits some parts of the economy but harms others. b0120 If this attempted overreach by the EPA is enforced, it will be costly and counterproductive because the private sector is moving faster to improve fuel efficiency and reduce air pollution than the EPA can move. Congress would be wise to stop this regulation and keep the SmartWay program voluntary and let trailer man-ufacturers do what they know is best for their individual customers. I urge all Members to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the fuel standards for the trailers that they are studying were jointly pro-posed by the EPA and the Department of Transportation. Does the gentleman have a rider in anything from the Department of Transportation to prohibit their fund-ing? Mr. LOUDERMILK. We do not at this time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. That answers part of my question, because even if he was to be successful with his amendment in the way the amendments are going—I am kind of predicting that he might be on a voice vote—it would still be mov-ing forward under the Department of Transportation. The standards that they are looking at are to help achieve greenhouse gas emissions and reductions. In my opin-ion, that is a good thing to do. The amendment would prohibit the EPA from finalizing, implementing, or en-forcing its greenhouse gas rules by carving out this exemption for trailers. Now, the other reason why I am op-posing the amendment, and I am being consistent with this, is the proposed regulation is still currently open for public comment. We don’t know what the final comment is going to be. We don’t know what is going to happen in the future, so I don’t think we should be interfering with a rulemaking proc-ess on an appropriations bill. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, once again, as we have seen with the agencies, there is a lot of overreach. Quite often, if you give them an inch, they take a mile. I think it is imperative that we be proactive in this issue to ensure that we protect an industry that has done a good job of regulating itself. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MRS . LUMMIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 70 printed in House Report 114–683. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.273 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4807 July 12, 2016 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to finalize, imple-ment, administer, or enforce the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Health and Environmental Protection Standards for Uranium and Tho-rium Mill Tailings’’ published by the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on January 26, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 4156 et seq.), or any rule of the same sub-stance. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Wyoming. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, I would like to observe that I am the third of three daughters, and my father used to always say nothing good ever happens after midnight, which is why he gave us a midnight curfew. I am hoping he was talking about mountain daylight time instead of eastern day-light time, especially with regard to my amendment. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is in-tended to prohibit funding to complete EPA’s proposed rule for environmental protection standards for uranium and thorium mill tailings. The rule is intended to protect groundwater from potential future con-tamination due to in situ uranium pro-duction. The intent is not bad, but EPA officials acknowledge there is no evi-dence in situ uranium recovery, a proc-ess that has been used for more than four decades, has ever caused an ad-verse impact to adjacent, nonexempt aquifers. Also, the EPA lacks jurisdiction to impose these standards. The EPA has general standard setting authority; but Congress has designated the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and its agree-ment states, as the lead when it comes to implementation and enforcement, a concern raised by the NRC’s general counsel. Now, the uranium industry has of-fered to work with the EPA to review existing data and conduct additional sampling, if warranted. The industry made this offer in May 2015, and the EPA never responded, which is a prob-lem, which has been acknowledged ear-lier this evening with regard to an amendment about inquiries by stake-holders and Congress regarding the EPA. They are so busy making rules that they forget to respond to stake-holders and Members of Congress. American uranium production al-ready faces intense competition from overseas production and Federal ura-nium sales, where our stockpile is being sold onto the market, depressing domestic prices and causing additional importation of uranium into the U.S. The U.S. imports upwards of 90 percent of the uranium we need for our power plants. The proposed rule’s 30-year postproduction monitoring require-ments will present a significant burden on already struggling producers in Texas, Wyoming, and the West, and it could lead to more mining bank-ruptcies. Employment in the industry has already dropped by 21 percent. Why are we putting miners out of work and employing them in other countries where we import the same product? The EPA recently said the agency planned to finalize this rule before the end of the Obama administration is on track. This amendment may be Con-gress’ last chance to stop the rule and save the domestic uranium industry. For that reason, Mr. Chairman, I offer and support amendment No. 70 to H.R. 5538 and ask for its adoption. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, once again, my primary reason for getting up and opposing the amendment is it blocks the EPA from finalizing regula-tions. The amendment would ensure that there are no public health or envi-ronmental standards tailored specifi-cally to address the technologies and challenges associated with this most widely used method of uranium recov-ery. What the EPA is looking at doing is establishing requirements for leaching, which is a mining process in which boreholes are drilled into a deposit of uranium, and liquid solution is injected into the holes to absolve the uranium deposits to make sure that the aquifers are protected. I believe that the EPA should be looking at standards that will establish requirements to ensure that ground-water is restored to pre-mine levels, that restoration is stable before a site is abandoned, and that these rules should be, moving forward, being final-ized. To the gentlewoman from Wyoming— and I don’t say this on the floor very often, and I think she knows this—who I consider a dear friend and I will miss upon her not running for reelection, I am concerned when I hear my col-leagues say that they are not hearing back from people in a timely fashion. So I am going to be looking into that. But right now, at this particular time, because we are in the process of final-izing regulations and we don’t know what they are going to look like as of right now, I have to oppose this amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, with great respect for the gentlewoman from Minnesota with whom I have had the privilege to serve for these past 8 years and whom I admire for her dili-gence and thoughtful representation of her constituents and our country, I would assert that the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, and its agreement states, are the lead when it comes to implementation and enforcement, and even the NRC’s general counsel has raised this issue. The States and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission are in control of this issue. It is adequately regulated. It is appropriately regulated in a manner that protects ground-water. The injection wells and the re-covery wells are from nonpotable water sources, and there are no instances where a nonpotable aquifer has con-taminated a potable water aquifer. b0130 For those reasons, I believe that this amendment is appropriate, and I en-courage its adoption. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUM-
MIS). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 71 OFFERED BY MR . 
WESTERMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 71 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chair, I rise as the designee of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
ACARTHUR ), and I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds in this Act may be used to enforce permit requirements pursuant to part 14 of title 50, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, with respect to the export of squid, octopus, and cuttlefish products. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chair, I rise on behalf of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. M
ACARTHUR ). Prior to 2008, squid, octopus, and cut-tlefish exports were permitted exclu-sively by the FDA as fish intended for human consumption. In 2008, the Fish and Wildlife Service also began regu-lating these species as protected spe-cies even though they are not. This al-lows them to charge excessive fees to seafood processors and to delay perish-able shipments. This amendment will prohibit fund-ing from going to the Fish and Wildlife Service to inspect squid, octopus, and cuttlefish. The FDA will still regulate these products for food safety, as they do other fishery products that are meant to be consumed as food. It is a simple amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.277 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4808 July 12, 2016 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, Fish and Wildlife inspections serve an important role for ensuring sustainability in reg-ularly harvested species, which is es-sential to preserving the economic in-terests of the industry as well as the ocean ecosystems. The Interior, Environment, and Re-lated Agencies Subcommittee has been discussing the perishability of ecoderms for many years. Yet it has not had any other in-depth discussions about any other species. I know the authorizing committee has been looking at this issue, and I would suggest that they are the proper committee to address any changes to permanent requirements that are re-quested in this amendment—perma-nent requirements. Unlike the ecoderms, it is my under-standing that these species are frozen seafood products instead of fresh. Is it true they are frozen seafood products instead of fresh? I yield to the gentleman from Arkan-sas so he may answer that question. Mr. WESTERMAN. I believe these are fresh products. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, in re-claiming my time, it is my under-standing that they are frozen. There-fore, they are not perishable as are the other ecoderms we had been speaking to. I would ask that Members oppose this amendment and consider any leg-islation produced from the House Nat-ural Resources Committee as the ap-propriate vehicle to resolve this issue. I asked the gentleman a question about whether they are frozen seafood products or not. That seems to be in doubt. I have it under good information that they are. The gentleman is not sure. Therefore, I think it is really ap-propriate that this amendment be ta-bled, or voted down, until the proper committee has had a chance to review it, because what we are about to en-gage in here is a radical, radical change in what current law is. I oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chair, these harmless seafood products are treated as if they were listed under the Endan-gered Species Act or listed as injurious under the Lacey Act or in violation of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species, which these products are not. They are being regu-lated by both the Fish and Wildlife and the FDA, and they will still be regu-lated under the FDA. I encourage a positive vote on this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, without doing inspections, we have no way of knowing whether or not these are po-tentially endangered species. They are not. They would be exempted from the Lacey Act. That is why I am saying that this amendment is so radical in its nature of changing what current practice is. I am pretty confident that these are frozen seafood products. What we were looking to address in the report lan-guage in the discussions that we have had in the committee is, for example, sea urchins, which are highly perish-able, and that you have to have a quick turnaround in working with Fish and Wildlife to make sure that those in-spections are taking place like that so that the fishermen and -women aren’t put at an economic disadvantage. I am very strongly in opposition to this amendment. I think the gentleman is going to go forward with it, but I really wish this could be tabled so that we could have a full discussion about what we are talking about. I think, with the best of intentions, the gen-tleman will go someplace, and I am not sure we will fully understand what the final product will be at the end. I op-pose the amendment strongly. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 72 OFFERED BY MR . MURPHY OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 72 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out seismic airgun testing or seismic airgun surveys in the Eastern Gulf of Mexico Outer Conti-nental Shelf Planning Area, the Straits of Florida Outer Continental Shelf Planning Area, or the South Atlantic Outer Conti-nental Shelf Planning Area located within the exclusive economic zone (as defined in section 107 of title 46, United States Code) bordering the State of Florida. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
URPHY ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their hard work in staying up so late and doing our business here. I rise to offer the Murphy-Jolly-Cas-tor-Clawson-Deutch-Graham-Hastings- Posey-Ros-Lehtinen-Wilson amend-ment to block the use of seismic airgun testing off Florida’s coasts. As you can see from the list of co-sponsors, offshore drilling is not a par-tisan issue. In our State of Florida, the health of our economy relies on clean waters and beaches. Seismic testing puts the health of our environment and, by extension, our economy at risk. Blasting seismic waves into the waters off our coasts is the first step in the wrong direction. Oil and gas exploration off the coasts of Florida poses too great a risk to our environment and to our economy. Seis-mic testing can have negative impacts on marine life, including endangered whales and dolphins, by disrupting their ability to communicate and navi-gate to find food as well as to locate mates and their young. It can also have negative effects on sea turtles, such as the endangered loggerhead, that have key nesting grounds along the Treas-ure Coast and Palm Beaches in the dis-trict I am so proud to represent. Additionally, this practice has the potential to displace commercial and recreational fishing stocks. Estimates are that this practice can reduce catch rates in Atlantic cod, haddock, rock-fish, herring, sand eel, and blue whiting by anywhere between 40 and 80 percent. This is unacceptable for Florida’s fish-ing industry and the very livelihoods it sustains. Floridians from every political per-suasion do not want to risk an oil spill off our coasts, as we are home to more coastline than any other State in the continental United States. That is why 30 cities from both the left-leaning and right-leaning parts of our State have passed resolutions that ban seismic testing. Those closest to the ground know seismic testing is bad for busi-ness in a State with over 280,000 jobs that are supported by healthy ocean ecosystems. Protecting our shores is not a Republican or a Democratic issue. It is a Florida issue, both envi-ronmentally and economically. I am proud that our delegation con-tinues to stand strong against efforts to open the door to offshore drilling by working to block seismic testing off our shores. I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to trust our State and our delegation. The Sunshine State is united. We do not want this. Support this bipartisan amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California (Mr. C ALVERT ) is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, this ad-ministration has already developed the most restrictive policies for the use of seismic airguns for offshore explo-ration to date. We do not need to place a moratorium on the use. The gen-tleman specifies two planning areas off the Florida coasts, but the amendment affects many other States than just his own. As such, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. G
RAHAM ), another champion for the en-vironment and a champion for Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.281 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4809 July 12, 2016 
b0140 Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. M
URPHY for yielding. I appreciate this opportunity of speaking for the same purpose I spoke to about an hour ago, but a different amendment. I would just like to say, living in north Florida, I have seen firsthand the devastation that the BP oil spill cre-ated for our coastal communities. There are communities in my district that have still not recovered. I support energy independence, but Florida’s beaches add billions of dollars to our economy. Drilling off our coast is not worth the risk to our environment or our economy. This amendment reaffirms the cur-rent drilling ban by preventing seismic testing off Florida’s beaches. I am proud to support it with my fellow Flo-ridians in a bipartisan nature, and I hope my colleagues will join us in pro-tecting Florida’s beaches. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the chairman’s hard work on this bill, and I hope he will take a moment to consider the united front that we stand in Florida on a bipar-tisan measure to be against this. But we oppose this practice because of its many impacts on the State and the animals that move around. They are not simply off our shore. They are all over the place. I hope the gentleman considers that. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. M
URPHY ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 73 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to treat any gray wolf in any of the 48 contiguous States or the District of Columbia as an endangered species or threat-ened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) after June 13, 2017. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that would prohibit the Department of the Interior and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from using any funds to con-tinue treating the gray wolf under ESA after June 13, 2017—providing these agencies with funding to continue man-aging the gray wolf for nearly a year— more than half enough time to work with States to develop and implement individual State management plans that would go into effect when Federal management ends. Mr. Chairman, this is an issue of ex-treme importance to my home State of Washington where the gray wolf is list-ed in the western two-thirds of the State but is delisted in the eastern third. This fragmented listing means there are no geographic barriers to pre-vent wolves from traveling between listed and delisted areas, posing a risk to people’s lives, farming, and ranching in the region. Unfortunately, this issue should al-ready be settled. On June 13, 2013, the Service published a proposed rule to re-move the gray wolf from the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife. It made this determination after evalu-ating ‘‘the classification status of gray wolves currently listed in the contig-uous U.S.’’ and found the ‘‘best avail-able scientific and commercial infor-mation indicates that the currently listed entity is not a valid species under the Act.’’ The statutory purpose of ESA is to recover a species to the point where it no longer is considered endangered or threatened. The gray wolf is currently found in nearly 50 countries around the world, and the Wolf Specialist Group at the International Union for Conserva-tion Nature has placed the species in the category of ‘‘least concern glob-ally’’ for risk of extinction. Mr. Chairman, the gray wolf popu-lation has grown substantially across its range and is now considered to be recovered, and, therefore, it no longer merits protection under ESA. However, my amendment does not delist the gray wolf but encourages the Service to move forward with its proposed delisting rule. It restricts funding for Federal man-agement after June 13, 2017—4 years after the original delisting rule was first published—providing more than enough time for the Service to finalize the rule, as well as to work with indi-vidual States to develop and imple-ment their respective State manage-ment plans. This approach will support an orderly transition to State-level management and allow State wildlife officials to more effectively manage wolf populations, which has proven successful in States such as Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, Minnesota, Wis-consin, and Michigan. My amendment is simple. It provides Interior and the Service with an incen-tive to move forward with the delisting that the agency itself said is necessary and supported by the best available science evidence and data. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, as the gentleman pointed out, the wolf is an animal which exists in the great State of Minnesota, where I am from. This is not an issue that I am unfamiliar with, having worked on it in the State house when the Federal Government and the State were coming to fruition on how to protect this iconic American spe-cies. But this amendment is an attack on that species. The work of the Keystone species, as we both know, plays a vital role in keeping our ecosystem healthy. Deer populations, the gentleman and I, being familiar with that, know how im-portant they are to the entire eco-system. It is also an animal to my Na-tive American brothers and sisters in Minnesota and the surrounding area that have a deep kinship and bond with. In fact, at a wolf roundtable I had, I heard directly from many tribal leaders that the protections that are afforded under the Endangered Species Act for gray wolves is the only way in which they have been able to keep wolf hunts away or out of the tribal reserva-tion boundaries. I understand many of my colleagues have very strong feelings about listing and delisting and the way it affects their States, but currently, this is in the courts right now. We don’t know how the courts are going to come down on its ruling, so I think we should not interfere in what is a court process. The Endangered Species Act also ex-ists to offer necessary protections and ensures species survival, which the ma-jority of my constituents and constitu-ents all across the United States sup-port. And this is the same law that helped successfully restore another iconic American system: the bald eagle. This amendment would restrict the Department of the Interior’s ability to implement the Endangered Species Act. However, it does not alter the pro-tection for the endangered wolves in the State. Regardless of one’s position on species protections, the amendment is problematic. Its restrictions will ultimately hurt farmers, ranchers, landowners, and business owners because under this amendment the Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice would not be able to offer any ex-emptions or permits for incidental killings of wolves to landowners, ranchers, and other parties who might need them. Right now, the way the law stands, they can do that. If this amend-ment were to pass, they would not be able to do that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.284 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4810 July 12, 2016 
The prohibition against accidental kills or takes would remain, and it would still be legally enforceable. Con-stituents in these States would either have to stop any activity that led to the taking of wolves or they would be put in harm’s way to lawsuits and heavy penalties. So I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I do appreciate the gentlewoman’s knowl-edge and work on this issue in her home State of Minnesota. However, I think it is time that we in this country declare a success, declare a win when it comes to the gray wolf. There are at least 6,000 wolves in the Great Lakes States, the Rocky Moun-tain States, the Pacific and Northwest States; 14,000 in the whole United States. As I said before, this is no longer an endangered species. It does not fit the criteria for endangered spe-cies. b0150 My own State Fish and Wildlife De-partment 3 years in a row has sent let-ters to Congress asking and pointing out the reasons why the wolf could be, should be delisted. You talk about coexisting with other species. If you look at the elk popu-lation of Yellowstone, in the 10 years between 1996 and 2006, the population has been decimated by 50 percent. If you look at the Shiras moose popu-lation of Utah, it has been decimated by 90 percent because of these healthy populations of wolves. I think there are issues that we are experiencing because of being unable to manage them in ways that States have proven that they are capable of doing. It does not take away the ability for States to do those kind of things. The Federal Government fully has, until June 30 of 2017, to continue managing the wolf in the way it does now. This just sets a timeline, provides an incen-tive for the agency to move forward with its own rule and the process that has been in place. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. I thank the gen-tleman. I think we just disagree on the timing of this amendment and what this amendment would actually lead to have happen in our States and our communities. It is in the courts right now. The courts could very well rule in a way that you would be very pleased and very satisfied with, and I think we should let the court procedure take place. Simply put, in my opinion, this amendment is bad for wolves, bad for our ecosystem, bad for business, and my constituents think it would be a really bad thing to have move forward. I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 74 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used by the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to issue any regulation under the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.) that applies to an animal feeding oper-ation, including a concentrated animal feed-ing operation and a large concentrated ani-mal feeding operation, as such terms are de-fined in section 122.23 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that I know the gentlewoman from Min-nesota will like on an issue critical to livestock farmers, not just in my State and district, but across the country. In 2013, the Environmental Protec-tion Agency approached four dairies in Washington State about high nitrate levels in nearby wells, suspecting semi- permeable manure lagoons may be the cause. The dairies entered into a con-sent decree with EPA to identify and treat the cause if it was, in fact, stem-ming from the dairies. Disturbingly, an environmental group FOIA’d the information the dairies provided to EPA and used it to file a citizen suit under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, or RCRA, against the dairies. Unfortunately, in early 2014 a Fed-eral judge ruled with the environ-mental group, asserting that dissolved nitrates constituted a solid waste under the law, and high nitrate levels constituted open dumping. There are a number of problems with this case. However, the biggest one by far is the very law used to file the law-suit. To be clear, there are a number of laws and regulations both at the State and the Federal level which apply to nutrient management, such as the Safe Drinking Water Act or the Clean Water Act. The problem is, Congress never in-tended RCRA to be used to regulate ag-riculture. In fact, EPA expresses that RCRA does not apply to agricultural waste, including manure and crop res-idue, returned to the soil as fertilizers or soil conditioners. I don’t know how you can get much clearer than nutrient management was not intended to be governed under this law; and, unfortunately, this ruling has left agriculture producers in a legal gray area trying to figure out exactly how to comply with the law that was not intended to regulate them. All this decision has done is to create a culture of fear and distrust between farmers and regulatory agencies. If you are a good steward and come forward to proactively address problems, all you are doing is making yourself a tar-get for lawsuits. Also, it creates a fear that a judge could capriciously decide that you are subject to a law despite clear intent that the law does not apply to you. Mr. Chairman, farmers rely on the land and water being clean and want to be good environmental stewards, and this self-defeating cul-ture is not one we want to cultivate. Mr. Chairman, my amendment does nothing to prevent EPA from enforcing current regulations under RCRA. It does nothing to prevent EPA from issuing or enforcing Clean Water Act or Safe Drinking Water Act rules. All my amendment does is prevent EPA from issuing and expanding new regulations under RCRA that would reflect this poor interpretation of current law. While I am not aware of a desire by EPA to do this, unfortunately, there have been a number of other recent legal precedents directing EPA to take actions they didn’t want to take. This amendment will ensure EPA’s current regulations stand until Congress has the ability to weigh in and reassert its intent. Mr. Chairman, no one is saying live-stock producers, like all Americans, do not share in the responsibility of good environmental stewardship. They cer-tainly do. But there already exists ap-propriate laws and regulations in-tended to govern these activities, and there are ones that are not intended to. We, as Members of Congress, have a re-sponsibility to make that clarification, which is what my amendment takes steps to do. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes in opposition. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, to my colleague, I think we both would agree that drinking water is critical and limited in some of our rural com-munities, and we need to work to-gether to address real threats to those sacred and precious resources. We should be protecting those commu-nities from irresponsible factory farms rather than shielding large corpora-tions from liability when their actions do make people sick. I think we prob-ably both agree on that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.286 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4811 July 12, 2016 
But your amendment isn’t about drinking water. It is about RCRA. Your amendment prohibits the EPA from, maybe in the future, regulating an ani-mal feed operation under RCRA, which is the Resource Conservation and Re-covery Act. Right now, the EPA does not regu-late animal feeding operations, and the Agency has no immediate plans to de-velop or issue such regulations, so this amendment is unnecessary, and I strongly oppose it because it also gets involved in blocking the EPA Adminis-trator from working on possibly any-thing else in the future that we might agree that would affect drinking water, which I don’t think is part of this. So the fact that RCRA does not regu-late animal feeding operations under-neath this statute and the Agency has no immediate plans to do it, and the way that the defunding is happening, I just have to oppose this amendment at this time. Mr. Chair, if I could just say some-thing about some of these amend-ments, I understand that sometimes people are fearful of what may or may not happen in the future, and so we have had many amendments that have either interjected before a court has ruled or interjected before a final rule-making has taken place or interjected before all the public comment has been taken in consideration. I just think that the authorizing committee needs to be looking at what happens in public comment, and then if the Congress disagrees with a rule that comes out, that is when our role is most appropriate. I don’t think we should have a role in predicting the fu-ture. I oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I do appreciate the gentlewoman’s state-ment that we must work together to protect critical resources, and that is exactly why I am presenting this amendment for our consideration, so that dairies that want to do a good job know which rules they need to follow. Is it the Clean Water Act, is it the Safe Drinking Water Act or is it the RCRA rules? They need to know, and they can’t be brought to court, being sued under rules that they didn’t realize that they were supposed to be fol-lowing. It is like if you are driving down the freeway going 70 miles an hour, and the State patrolman pulls up and says, I am sorry, sir, today the speed limit is only 45. How are you supposed to know that if it is not posted? That is the kind of simplistic direction certainty that we are trying to give farmers across the country, so that is the rea-son for the amendment. Certainly, I agree, EPA is not mak-ing plans to use RCRA to promulgate new rules, which is exactly why it shouldn’t be a problem for us to be able to put that forward, because they are not. It shouldn’t be a problem, so we are not going to be standing in their way. b0200 Dairies are being sued by environ-mental groups, and judges are making rulings using RCRA rules as a basis for the decisions. And so that is why I think it is important for us to reassert Congress’ original intention as well as EPA’s clear regulations. We have to re-assert that to keep clarity and cer-tainty for our farmers and ranchers so that they can better protect our nat-ural resources. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 75 printed in House Report 114–683. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. For ‘‘United States Fish and Wildlife Service–Resource Management’’ to reinstate the wolf-livestock loss demonstra-tion program as authorized by Public Law 111–11, there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise provided by this Act for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency–Envi-ronmental Programs and Management’’ is hereby reduced by, $1,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 820, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I rise this morning to offer an amend-ment that would restore funding for the Wolf Livestock Loss Demonstra-tion Program. This program assists livestock pro-ducers in undertaking proactive, non-lethal activity to reduce the livestock loss from predation by wolves, and ad-dresses livestock losses caused by wolves. Mr. Chairman, this demonstration program was authorized in 2009 under a Democratic administration, and $1 mil-lion in funding was appropriated in the FY 2010 Interior and Environment Ap-propriations Act. Since its inception, the Wolf Live-stock Demonstration Program has played a critical role in minimizing conflicts with wolves while providing ranchers with much-needed support for non-lethal activities and another tool to minimize their livestock losses from wolves. Grants provided by this program go to 10 States with significant wolf popu-lations, including my home State of Washington, and support each State’s highest priority needs in assisting live-stock producers in dealing with preda-tion by wolves. The grants provided by this program are administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and stip-ulates that the Federal cost share not exceed 50 percent. Mr. Chairman, this program has been funded every year since 2010. My amendment would continue this fund-ing at the 2010 level, respecting our country’s current fiscal situation and tight budgetary guidelines. The Wolf Livestock Loss Demonstra-tion Program encourages the wider use of nonlethal programs by livestock owners and ranchers who frequently rely on lethal control methods to ad-dress livestock-wolf conflict. As wolf populations continue to grow across the Lower 48, it is vital that we continue this demonstration program in order to benefit livestock producers willing to take proactive measures to protect not only their livestock, but wolves as well. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I want to be very clear. I think people who lose livestock to wolf predation should be reimbursed. I want to be very, very clear about that. I supported that as a State legislator, and I sup-port it now. However, in 2014, this pro-gram for recouping farmers and ranch-ers is in the Agriculture bill. The Agri-culture bill hasn’t come to the floor yet. EPA has been cut enough. We aren’t doing enough for clean drinking water. You have seen the cuts that have been on the floor to fund other programs today. We have funded this out of Fish and Wildlife, and now you are taking the funds for the Fish and Wildlife out of the Environmental Protection Agency. This belongs in the Agriculture bill. And so, in effect, what you are doing—because you continue to fund it out of the Interior bill, we are going to have a significant reduction to the EPA. The EPA was already reduced $164 million below 2016. These deep re-ductions impact the ability of the EPA to protect human health and the health of our environment. It jeopard-izes our ability to ensure that there is clean air and clean water for families today and for future generations. I just cannot support reducing the EPA any longer. I will join you on an amendment to fund this out of where it belongs—from the 2014 Agriculture bill—but I cannot support it coming out of the EPA. It belongs in the Agri-culture bill, where it is authorized. For that reason, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I would just remind the gentlewoman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.289 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4812 July 12, 2016 
that the original program, the dem-onstration program, was authorized in 2009, and then $1 million was appro-priated in the 2010 Interior and Envi-ronment Appropriations Act. And so it is just being consistent with what we have done as a Congress before I got here. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. NEWHOUSE. I yield to the gen-tlewoman from Minnesota. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. In 2009. We passed a law in 2014. The legislation that is in charge of this program now, in 2014, current law, is not in this bill any-more. It is in the Agriculture bill. And I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Reclaiming my time, I believe that that is authorizing legislation and this is appropriating legislation. So that would be the only difference that I could see. I certainly respect the gentlewoman has much more experience than I have, but I would still offer this amendment. It has been a good program in helping livestock producers as well as also being safer for the wolf population. Mr. Chairman, I ask for support of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). The amendment was agreed to. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) having assumed the chair, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 5538) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. J
OLLY (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of a death in the family. Ms. J
ACKSON LEE(at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today until 10 p.m. on account of official business. 
f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION REFERRED A concurrent resolution of the Sen-ate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. Con. Res. 44. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the sunflower as the flower for mili-tary caregivers; to the committee on Armed Services. ADJOURNMENT Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I move that the House do now ad-journ. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 2 o’clock and 9 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until today, Wednesday, July 13, 2016, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour de-bate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5988. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing Rear Admiral (lower half) Timothy G. Szymanski, United States Navy, to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5989. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing Brigadier General Douglas M. Gabram, United States Army, to wear the in-signia of the grade of major general, pursu-ant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104- 106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); ; to the Committee on Armed Services. 5990. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a letter notifying Congress that the report on the in-ventory of the activities performed during the preceding fiscal year should be sub-mitted by August 2016, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2330a(c)(1); Public Law 107-107, Sec. 801(c); (115 Stat. 117); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5991. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting the National Guard Youth Challenge Program Annual Re-port for Fiscal Year 2015, pursuant to 32 U.S.C. 509(k); Public Law 105-85, Sec. 1076(a); (111 Stat. 1914); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5992. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Transition Assistance Program (TAP) for Military Personnel [Docket ID: DOD-2013-OS-0236] (RIN: 0790- AJ17) received July 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5993. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s final rule — Record Retention Re-quirements (RIN: 3064-AE25) received July 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5994. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s interim final rule — Rules of Practice and Procedure (RIN: 3064-AE43) received July 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5995. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s final rule — Treatment of Financial Assets Transferred in Connection With a Securitization or Participation (RIN: 3064- AE38) received July 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 5996. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medica-tion Assisted Treatment for Opioid Use Dis-orders (RIN: 0930-AA22) received July 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5997. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; NC; Fine Particulate Matter National Ambi-ent Air Quality Standards Revision [EPA- R04-OAR-2016-0106; FRL-9948-95-Region 4] re-ceived July 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5998. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Washington: Spo-kane Second 10-Year Carbon Monoxide Lim-ited Maintenance Plan [EPA-R10-OAR-2016- 0290; FRL-9948-97-Region 10] received July 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5999. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Iowa’s Air Quality Implementation Plans; Polk County Board of Health Rules and Regulations, Chapter V, Revisions [EPA-R07-OAR-2016- 0045; FRL-9948-84-Region 7] received July 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6000. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Determination of Attain-ment; Atlanta, Georgia; 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R04- OAR-2015-0839; FRL-9948-93-Region 4] re-ceived July 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6001. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Expedited Approval of Al-ternative Test Procedures for the Analysis of Contaminants Under the Safe Drinking Water Act; Analysis and Sampling Proce-dures [EPA-HQ-OW-2016-0281; FRL-9948-54- OW] received July 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6002. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Emission Stand-ards for Hazardous Air Pollutant Emissions: Petroleum Refinery Sector Amendments [EPA-HQ-OAR-2010-0682; FRL-9948-92-OAR] (RIN: 2016-AS83) received July 7, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6003. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Quality Designations for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) Primary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY7.292 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4813 July 12, 2016 
National Ambient Air Quality Standard — Round 2 [EPA-HQ-OAR-2014-0464; FRL-9948- 87-OAR] received July 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 6004. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Section 73.622(i), Post- Transition Table of DTV Allotments, Tele-vision Broadcast Stations (Cordele, Georgia) [MB Docket No.: 16-123] (RM-11766) received July 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6005. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Section 73.622(i), Post- Transition Table of DTV Allotments, Tele-vision Broadcast Stations (Tolleson, Ari-zona) [MB Docket No.: 16-93] (RM-11764) re-ceived July 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6006. A letter from the Chief Executive Of-ficer, U.S. Anti-Doping Agency, transmitting the Agency’s 2015 Annual Report and Finan-cial Audit, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 2002(b); Pub-lic Law 109-469, Sec. 702(b); (120 Stat. 3534); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 6007. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendments to Existing Validated End-User Authorization in the People’s Republic of China: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. [Docket No.: 160303186-6186-01] (RIN: 0694-AG91) re-ceived July 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 6008. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Temporary General License: Extension of Validity [Docket No.: 160106014-6530-03] (RIN: 0694-AG82) received July 5, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 6009. A letter from the Director, Inter-national Cooperation, Office of the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology, and Lo-gistics, Department of Defense, transmitting informing the Congress of the Department’s intent to sign a Memorandum of Under-standing with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland Transmittal No. 19-16, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2767(f); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 27(f) (as amended by Public Law 113-27 6, Sec. 208(a)(4)); (128 Stat. 2993); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6010. A letter from the Director, Office of Economic Impact and Diversity, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s FY 2015 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to Public Law 107-174, 203(a); (116 Stat. 569); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 6011. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Department of Transportation, transmitting a notification of the designation of acting of-ficer and change in previously submitted re-ported information, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6012. A letter from the Senior Vice Presi-dent and Chief Financial Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco, trans-mitting the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco 2015 Annual Report and manage-ment statement on the system of internal controls, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9106(a)(1); Public Law 97-258 (as amended by Public Law 101-576, Sec. 306(a)) (104 Stat. 2854); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 6013. A letter from the Chairman, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting a list of activities performed by federal gov-ernment sources for the executive agency that are not inherently governmental func-tions, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 105-270, Sec. 2(c)(1)(A); (112 Stat. 2382); ; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 6014. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Land and Minerals Management, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting the De-partment’s Major final rule — Oil and Gas and Sulfur Operations on the Outer Conti-nental Shelf — Requirements for Explor-atory Drilling on the Arctic Outer Conti-nental Shelf [Docket ID: BSEE-2013-0011; 16XE1700DX EX1SF0000.DAQ000 EEEE500000] (RIN: 1082-AA00) received July 7, 2016, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6015. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; Closure of the Nantucket Lightship North Access Area to General Category Individual Fishing Quota Scallop Vessels [Docket No.: 151210999-6348-02] (RIN: 0648-XE681) received July 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 6016. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting the annual report entitled, ‘‘PRO IP Act FY 2015’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 3713d(a); Pub-lic Law 110-403, Sec. 404(a); (122 Stat. 4274); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6017. A letter from the Shareholder, Elliott Davis Decosimo, LLC, transmitting the an-nual 2015 financial report for the Congres-sional Medal of Honor Society of the United States of America, in accordance with Public Law 88-504, (36 U.S.C. 1101); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6018. A letter from the President, National Council on Radiation Protection and Meas-urements, transmitting the Council’s 2015 Annual Report, pursuant to 36 U.S.C. 10101(b)(1) and 150909; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6019. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Ocean Disposal; Amend-ments to Restrictions on Use of Dredged Ma-terial Disposal Sites in the Central and Western Regions of Long Island Sound; Con-necticut [EPA-R01-OW-2016-0068; FRL-9948-61- Region 1] received July 7, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6020. A letter from the Office Program Manager, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — Authority to Solicit Gifts and Dona-tions (RIN: 2900-AP75) received July 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 6021. A letter from the Federal Register Certifying Officer, Office of the Chief Coun-sel, Department of the Treasury, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Sale and Issue of Marketable Book-Entry Treasury Bills, Notes, and Bonds received July 11, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 6022. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the metrics for achieving widespread electronic health record interoperability, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395w-4 note; Public Law 114-10, Sec. 106(b)(1); (129 Stat. 138); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 5421. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to apply the exemption from State regulation of securities offerings to securities listed on a national security ex-change that has listing standards that have been approved by the Commission (Rept. 114– 684). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 3394. A bill to amend the Ter-rorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 to allow for the use of certain assets of foreign per-sons and entities to satisfy certain judg-ments against terrorist parties, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–685). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Ms. FOXX: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 822. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the bill (S. 764) to reau-thorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (S. 304) to improve motor vehicle safety by encour-aging the sharing of certain information; and waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions reported from the Committee on Rules (Rept. 114–686). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois (for himself, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. Y OUNG  of Indiana, Mr. N
UNES , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. O LSON , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. C RAMER , Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. K
INGof New York): H.R. 5727. A bill to impose sanctions on persons that threaten the peace or stability of Iraq or the Government of Iraq; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. C
UELLAR ): H.R. 5728. A bill to prohibit scheduled pas-senger air transportation between the United States and Cuba until a study has been com-pleted regarding security measures and equipment at Cuba’s airports, to amend title 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12JY7.000 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4814 July 12, 2016 
49, United States Code, to clarify the role of the Secretary of Homeland Security regard-ing security standards at foreign airports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PITTENGER: H.R. 5729. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from issuing certain licenses in connection with the export or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Is-lamic Republic of Iran, to require annual re-ports by the Secretary of the Treasury and the Export-Import Bank on financing issues related to the sale or lease of such a com-mercial passenger aircraft or spare parts for such an aircraft, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Mr. H URDof Texas): H.R. 5730. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude room and board costs and certain research expenses from gross income of certain students; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 5731. A bill to establish SAVE UP Ac-counts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. R
OYCE , Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. K
INZINGER of Illinois, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. B EYER , Mr. E
LLISON , and Mr. L OWENTHAL ): H.R. 5732. A bill to halt the wholesale slaughter of the Syrian people, encourage a negotiated political settlement, and hold Syrian human rights abusers accountable for their crimes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. BOST: H.R. 5733. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 1961 to modify the limitations applica-ble to qualified conservation loan guaran-tees, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Mr. CARTER of Texas (for himself, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. R OO-
NEY of Florida, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. J
OYCE , Mr. O LSON , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. C OOK, Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. C
RENSHAW , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-zona, Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. K
ING of Iowa, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. L ONG, Ms. G
RANGER , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. F LO-
RES, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. BABIN, Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , and Mr. W EBER of Texas): H.R. 5734. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for an operation on a live donor for purposes of conducting a transplant procedure for a veteran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 5735. A bill to authorize the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment to prioritize efforts to support access to primary and secondary education for dis-placed children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-self and Ms. G
RAHAM ): H.R. 5736. A bill to direct the Commis-sioner of Internal Revenue to conduct a study on the feasibility of notifying a tax-payer that a tax return has been filed in the taxpayer’s name; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Mr. L
EWIS, Mr. M
CDERMOTT , and Mr. L ANGEVIN ): H.R. 5737. A bill to ensure that foster chil-dren are able to use their Social Security and Supplemental Security Income benefits to address their needs and improve their lives; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. FUDGE (for herself and Mr. S
COTT of Virginia): H.R. 5738. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to es-tablish the Stronger Together Program; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself, Mr. H
ONDA , Ms. L EE, Ms. K ELLY of Illi-nois, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. C
APUANO ): H.R. 5739. A bill to prohibit the transfer, loan, or other disposition of a machinegun or semiautomatic assault weapon to an indi-vidual under 16 years of age; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 5740. A bill to hold war crimes sus-pects and Nazi war criminals accountable by encouraging foreign governments to more ef-ficiently prosecute, extradite, deport, or ac-cept for deportation such war crimes sus-pects and Nazi war criminals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself, Mr. G
UINTA , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. R
OKITA ): H.R. 5741. A bill to amend title 44, United States Code, to require the Director of the Government Publishing Office to distribute the Federal Register to Congressional offices only in an electronic format, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 5742. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide for the ad-mission of certain sons and daughters of citi-zens of the United States, which citizens served on active duty in the Armed Forces of the United States abroad, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Mr. P
ASCRELL , and Mr. R EICHERT ): H.R. 5743. A bill to require adequate report-ing on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefit program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself and Mr. G
ALLEGO ): H.R. 5744. A bill to amend the FAA Mod-ernization and Reform Act of 2012 with re-spect to categorical exclusions granted for next generation flight procedures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. R OYCE , and Mr. M
EEKS ): H. Res. 821. A resolution urging the Gov-ernment of Gabon to respect democratic principles during the August 2016 presi-dential elections; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Ms. FOXX (for herself, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , and Mr. W HITFIELD ): H. Res. 823. A resolution condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Istanbul, Turkey, on June 28, 2016, that re-sulted in the loss of at least 44 lives; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 824. A resolution expressing support for dancing as a form of valuable exercise and of artistic expression, and for the des-ignation of July 30, 2016, as National Dance Day; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
281. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of New Hamp-shire, relative to House Concurrent Resolu-tion 40, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 282. Also, a memorial of the General As-sembly of the State of Ohio, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 7, urging the President and the Congress of the United States to preserve the tax-exempt status of municipal bonds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 283. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 12, to memori-alize the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to review and consider eliminating provisions of federal law which reduce Social Security benefits for those receiving pension benefits from fed-eral, state, or local government retirement or pension systems, plans, or funds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois: H.R. 5727. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 5728. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12JY7.100 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4815 July 12, 2016 
States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. PITTENGER: H.R. 5729. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, the Com-merce Clause. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 5730. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I: By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 5731. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 Section 8 of Article 1: The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Ex-cises, to pay the Debts, and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 5732. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. BOST: H.R. 5733. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the ability to enact legisla-tion necessary and proper to effectuate its purpose in taxing and spending. By Mr. CARTER of Texas: H.R. 5734. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution, which grants Congress the power to provide for the common Defense and gen-eral Welfare of the United States. By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 5735. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the ability to authorize the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to advance ongoing efforts for programs that are in the best interest of the United States. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 5736. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 5737. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution and its subse-quent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Ms. FUDGE: H.R. 5738. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 3, the Commerce Clause. By Mr. GALLEGO: H.R. 5739. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. ISRAEL: H.R. 5740. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 5741. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. ‘‘To make all Law which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing powers . . .’’ By Mr. KIND: H.R. 5742. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8, Clause 4. By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 5743. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: H.R. 5744. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resoultions, as follows: 
H.R. 112: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 213: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 379: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 465: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 499: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 508: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 546: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 816: Mr. D
AVIDSON . H.R. 825: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 835: Mr. L
UCAS . H.R. 842: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 863: Mr. M
ULLIN and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 997: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 1220: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 1343: Ms. H
AHN. H.R. 1347: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 1459: Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. K
IND, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 1545: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 1559: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 1859: Mr. Z
INKE. H.R. 1943: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1961: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 2103: Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 2156: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 2216: Mr. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 2274: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 2315: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER and Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 2403: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 2404: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 2663: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 2680: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2694: Mr. C
OOPER and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 2726: Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 2737: Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. C OSTA , and Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 2739: Mr. M
CKINLEY and Ms. E DWARDS . H.R. 2883: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida and Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 2903: Mr. V
ALADO and Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2931: Mr. J
OLLY . H.R. 3012: Mr. ISSA. H.R. 3051: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 3229: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 3294: Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 3323: Mr. Z
INKE. H.R. 3411: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 3437: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 3564: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 3683: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3742: Mrs. B
LACKBURN and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 3765: Mr. B
OUSTANY . H.R. 3799: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 3815: Mr. M
ARINO and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 3817: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 3886: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 3892: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 3926: Mr. C
UMMINGS and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 4143: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 4155: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4177: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. K IND, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. C OO-
PER. H.R. 4184: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 4214: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. G RAYSON . H.R. 4223: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 4247: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 4298: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 4310: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 4365: Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Carolina. H.R. 4428: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 4442: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4479: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 4481: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 4559: Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. F LEMING , Mr. K LINE, and Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 4567: Mr. G
IBSON . H.R. 4584: Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 4597: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 4602: Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 4603: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi and Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 4625: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 4760: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 4762: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 4764: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 4795: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 4816: Mr. R
OUZER and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 4828: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mrs. L
OVE, and Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 4867: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 4932: Mr. R
ANGEL . H.R. 4959: Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mrs. N
OEM, and Mr. Z INKE. H.R. 5014: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 5015: Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 5064: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5067: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B EYER , Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 5090: Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. H
ANNA , Mr. U PTON , and Mr. W ILLIAMS . H.R. 5167: Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota. H.R. 5177: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 5180: Mr. W
OODALL , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 5182: Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. A SHFORD , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , and Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-ginia. H.R. 5187: Mr. B
OSTand Mr. L UCAS . H.R. 5195: Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, and Ms. H AHN. H.R. 5230: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 5282: Mr. T
AKANO and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . H.R. 5292: Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 5324: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 5351: Mr. R
OYCE . H.R. 5372: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 5428: Mr. K
NIGHT , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. G IBSON . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:26 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.129 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4816 July 12, 2016 
H.R. 5436: Mr. C ONYERS and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 5457: Mr. B
OST. H.R. 5466: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5488: Mr. F
RANKEL of Florida and Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 5489: Mr. P
ETERSON , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 5506: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 5560: Ms. L
EE, Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 5568: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 5577: Mr. B
OUSTANY , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. F
LEMING , and Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 5578: Ms. K
USTER . H.R. 5587: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 5589: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 5593: Mr. H
ONDA and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 5600: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 5608: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 5614: Mr. R
ANGEL . H.R. 5625: Mr. C
ARNEY and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 5628: Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 5631: Mr. S
CALISE , Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. N
UNES , Mr. T HORNBERRY , and Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK . H.R. 5646: Mr. P
ITTENGER and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 5654: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. B
OST, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. T
OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. A MODEI , and Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 5659: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 5666: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER and Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 5683: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 5686: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5691: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 5695: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 5697: Mr. M
ULVANEY , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 5715: Mr. P
OMPEO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 5722: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. B OUSTANY , Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. S CA-
LISE, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Ms. M OORE , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. K ILDEE , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. C ONNOLLY . H.J. Res. 22: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas and Mr. C
OOPER . H. Con. Res. 40: Ms. P
LASKETT and Mr. P
IERLUISI . H. Con. Res. 51: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H. Con. Res. 114: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H. Con. Res. 140: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H. Con. Res. 141: Mr. G
IBSON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H. Con. Res. 143: Mr. B
EYER and Mr. G RI-
JALVA . H. Res. 28: Mr. M
OULTON and Mr. D ENHAM . H. Res. 94: Mr. W
ALZ. H. Res. 112: Mr. C
ARNEY . H. Res. 402: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H. Res. 467: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Ms. H AHN, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. C
ARNEY , Mr. B ECERRA , and Mr. S
CHIFF . H. Res. 567: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H. Res. 590: Mr. M
ESSER . H. Res. 625: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 683: Ms. E
SHOO . H. Res. 728: Ms. J
ACKSON LEEand Ms. H
AHN. H. Res. 729: Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. M
EEHAN , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. P ITTS, Ms. A
DAMS , and Mr. H ULTGREN . H. Res. 776: Mr. K
IND, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, and Ms. E STY. H. Res. 795: Mr. W
ALZ. H. Res. 807: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H. Res. 808: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H. Res. 810: Mr. M
ILLER of Florida and Mr. P
OCAN . H. Res. 811: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H. Res. 817: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK and Mr. B
YRNE . f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 5545: Mr. P OLIS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY7.127 H12JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4953 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 12, 2016 No. 112 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Our Father in Heaven, may Your Name be honored. Today, lead our Sen-ators along the road of humility so that You can exalt them in due time. May they have the wisdom to reap the bountiful harvest that comes from planting the seeds of lowliness and rev-erential awe. Lord, make them wise and strong as they face national challenges that threaten our freedom. Guide them, strong Deliverer, for they are pilgrims in time who are headed for eternity. Continue in everything to work for the good of those who love You, who are the called according to Your purposes. Keep us, O God, so dedicated to You and Your purposes that we may do justly, love mercy, and walk humbly with You. We pray in Your majestic Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TRAGEDY IN DALLAS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today the city of Dallas will hold a me-morial service in honor of the five po-lice officers slain in the senseless shooting during last week’s peaceful protest. The victims are individuals who, like law enforcement officials in each of our communities, willingly put their lives on the line every day to keep us safe. Their loss is a tragic re-minder of the courage and selflessness they possessed, just as it is a reminder of the burdens their family bear on our behalf. Today we remember each of them. I know I speak for the entire Senate in saying our hearts are with the fami-lies and friends of each of these vic-tims, the others wounded, the entire law enforcement community, and the city of Dallas. Our Nation experienced a great deal of suffering and heartbreak last week. We must come together now to over-come these tragedies and allow healing to prevail. f 
CARA AND MILCON-VA AND ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING LEGISLATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now, Mr. Presi-dent, let me speak on an entirely dif-ferent matter. Angie was ‘‘a beautiful girl with a heart of gold and a smile that would light up a room’’ before her life was changed by heroin. Angie described her addiction to her mother, saying: ‘‘Mom, I need this drug like I need air to breathe.’’ It would take Angie expe-riencing an overdose and her mom beg-ging her to quit before she agreed to seek treatment. Unfortunately, though, like so many addicts, Angie left the treatment facility and started using again. She told her mother: ‘‘I’m in a black hole and I can’t get out.’’ Angie would end up dying from an overdose, her body dumped callously at the bottom of a muddy creek by her drug dealer. Tragically, Angie’s story is just one glimpse into the widespread prescrip-tion opioid and heroin epidemic sweep-ing our country. In fact, drug overdoses now claim 129 lives a day in America. The families of these victims know more must be done to prevent others from enduring the pain of drug addic-tion and overdose. Antidrug groups and law enforcement officials also know more must be done to prevent the widespread loss commu-nities have experienced at the hands of this crisis. That is why nearly 250 anti-drug and law enforcement groups across the country have voiced their support for the Comprehensive Addic-tion and Recovery Act conference re-port. Just last week, these groups collec-tively sent a letter urging passage of this legislation, which they called a ‘‘truly comprehensive response to the opioid epidemic’’ that represents ‘‘the critical response we need.’’ These groups represent States from coast to coast, from Lifehouse Recovery Con-nection in California to Justice and Re-covery Advocates in Maryland, to Friends of Recovery in New York, among dozens and dozens of others. They have seen the crisis firsthand, and they know the positive impact this bipartisan comprehensive response can have. Here is what I mean. The National Association of Counties and the Na-tional League of Cities have asked Con-gress to ‘‘act quickly’’ and pass the CARA conference report. They call it ‘‘a pivotal step towards stemming the tide of this epidemic.’’ The Addiction Policy Forum has warned Congress ‘‘not [to] play poli-tics’’ by blocking passage of this CARA conference report. They call it ‘‘a mon-umental step forward—a tipping point to better addressing the paralyzing opioid epidemic.’’ The Faces and Voices of Recovery has urged support too. They call it ‘‘the most expansive Federal, bipar-tisan legislation to date for addiction support services,’’ and they say it can ‘‘help save the lives of countless peo-ple.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY6.000 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4954 July 12, 2016 
The Fraternal Order of Police has asked Congress ‘‘to adopt the con-ference report’’ on behalf of its more than 330,000 members. They call it an-other ‘‘tool to reduce the deaths from this epidemic.’’ So we are just one step away from sending this legislation to the Presi-dent’s desk. The House overwhelmingly passed it by a vote of 407 to 5. With continued cooperation, the Senate can send it to the President this week. Remember, this Senate has provided more than twice as much funding for opioid-related issues as under the pre-vious Senate majority. Let me say that again. This Senate has provided more than twice as much funding for opioid- related issues as under the previous Senate majority. The passage of CARA would represent another crucial step toward combating this crisis. Of course, this wouldn’t have been possible without the unwavering com-mitment of Members like Senator P
ORTMAN , Senator A YOTTE , Senator G
RASSLEY , and Senator A LEXANDER to move this bill forward. From raising awareness about this crisis to serving as voices for the voiceless and working across the aisle to develop this com-prehensive legislative response, these Senators were resolute in their sup-port. In no small part, because of their efforts to drive this bill forward, com-munities will be better equipped to pre-vent heroin and prescription opioid abuse in the first place, just as they will be better equipped to save lives and foster treatment and recovery. I also want to recognize the work of Democratic Members like Senator W
HITEHOUSE and Senator K LOBUCHAR  for their efforts to help garner support for this bill and move it through the legislative process. There is no reason every Senator shouldn’t support it now. The sooner we send this bill to the President’s desk, the sooner we can help our communities begin to heal from the prescription opioid and heroin crisis. Another way to do that is by passing the conference report that would fight Zika and enact record levels of funding for veterans’ medical services, includ-ing millions for substance abuse and treatment. Democrats are clearly very nervous about their decision to attack women’s health and veterans with the filibuster of the anti-Zika funding bill. Who can blame them? They put forth a variety of tortured excuses that don’t stand up to scrutiny. They have offered a proposal they hoped would provide political cover by ditching funding for our Nation’s veterans. That is clearly not a solution. I don’t know how Democrats plan to explain any of this to veterans this summer. I certainly don’t know how Democrats plan to explain this to preg-nant mothers. Either Democrats be-lieve Zika is a crisis that requires im-mediate action or they do not. Repub-licans believe we ought to pass this bill now because this is a crisis. Our friends across the aisle will have to decide if they feel the same or if a partisan po-litical group is worth delaying funding to protect families from Zika or fund-ing our veterans. There is only one option to get anti- Zika funding on the President’s desk before September; that is, passing the compromise Zika control and veterans funding legislation that is before us and sending it down to the President for signature. The rules don’t allow for a conference report to be amended, and repassing the same bill that went to conference will not put a bill on the President’s desk, it will not create a vaccine, it will not kill a single mosquito, and it will not help a single pregnant mother. So let’s do the right thing for our Na-tion and pass the legislation that is be-fore us. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
CARA AND MILCON-VA AND ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING LEGISLATION Mr. REID. Mr. President, the tor-tured explanation from my friend the Republican leader this morning about two important issues—opioids and Zika—is an indication of why the Re-publicans will no longer have the ma-jority come election day. That is very clear. You can’t go on doing what they are doing and expect people to support you. In the morning, we are going to vote on opioid legislation. It is important we do that. Everyone in this Chamber knows we have to do something to stop this epidemic. It has claimed the lives of too many Americans, and it is doing it every day. Our CARA conference re-port is a start, but it is a missed oppor-tunity to do something really sub-stantive to stem the number of opioid overdoses across the country, and the reason for that is Republicans refused to allocate money for this legislation. To have my friend talk about we have done twice as much as we did under the previous majority—why wasn’t anything done before? Because it was filibustered. We couldn’t do it. There is not enough money to do all the authorizing we have done for these programs. There is not enough money. In conference, Republicans again re-jected our efforts to insert funding into the report. Authorizing legislation is a start, but without resources it is very meaningless. Without any real funding, the conference report comes up really short. For example, editorials around the country have said as much, and I will pick on one—the New York Times edi-torial board. This morning, in their piece entitled ‘‘Congress Is Voting on an Inadequate Opioid Bill,’’ they say: 
Congress is about to pass a bill meant to deal with the nation’s opioid epidemic. It contains some good ideas. It will also be far less effective at saving lives than it should be. The Senate is expected to vote on this measure, approved by the House on Friday by an overwhelming 407-to-5 majority. It would authorize addiction treatment and prevention programs to stem what has be-come a scourge and a disgrace—more than 28,600 overdose deaths in 2014. And it has gotten worse, not better, but this legislation contains not a penny to support any of these initia-tives. Continuing to read from the article: 
The bill would allow the federal govern-ment to award grants to states to treat peo-ple who are hooked on prescription pain-killers and illicit drugs like heroin. In Con-gress, however, getting a program authorized is only half the battle. Republican leaders say they will allocate funding when law-makers return to Washington after a seven- week break that begins at the end of this week and ends after Labor Day. Yet there is no good reason for Congress to put off a vote on funding, given the urgency of the prob-lem. 
Quoting again, the editorial ends with a further funding caution: 
Many lawmakers, especially those who are up for reelection, clearly want to show vot-ers they are doing something about opioids. This bill amounts to progress, but it will not change the trajectory of this epidemic. 
That says it all. Without real funding, this legislation is far from adequate. If we want to stop the increasing number of opioid overdoses, then we need to get serious about finding a way to do it. One way is funding our Nation’s response to this scourge. So I repeat, it is no wonder that there will be a change in the majority of this body with what went on, as evi-denced by this morning’s statement by my friend the Republican leader. To talk about a tortured explanation on Zika, the Zika problem we have in America today is significant. Last night, 39 new cases were reported in 1 day in America. These mosquitoes are ravaging—basi-cally two breeds of mosquitoes are causing these problems. They are vi-cious. They are awful. Mosquitoes have been bad for generations, making peo-ple sick and causing people to die, but this is new. Never in the history of all the problems mosquitoes have caused have they caused birth defects. But they do now, and they do it big-time. The President is aware of the issue. He is aware of the issue. It is a very, very frightening thing for our country. In May, the Senate passed a bipar-tisan compromise to address this crisis. The bill wasn’t perfect. The legislation called for $1.1 billion in funding and was well short of the $1.9 billion health experts said was needed to address the crisis, but it was OK. It was certainly a step forward, and 89 Senators—Demo-crats and Republicans—agreed it was a good step forward. The Senate com-promise at the very least was a step in the right direction. That is why, in spite of our serious reservations about the lack of adequate funding, we voted for this legislation, and I am glad we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.002 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4955 July 12, 2016 
did. The overwhelming majority of Re-publicans voted for this bill, and I am glad they did. The Zika compromise passed, as I said, with 89 votes. Only the most extreme, conservative Mem-bers of this body voted against it. That was 2 months ago. But since then, it has become increasingly clear in the last 2 months that Republicans are not serious. They are playing games again because they are not responding to the threat posed by these mosquitoes and by this horrible, horrible condition that they are causing for human beings. Instead of working to send the bill to the President’s desk, the Republicans derailed the bipartisan response—89 Senators who voted—to send that to the House of Representatives. There was a conference. The Republicans chose a very reckless approach. They ignored what went on here in the Sen-ate, even as more and more Americans are getting infected every day. There are almost 4,000 people in the United States and territories that have Zika right now. At least 600 pregnant women have shown evidence of infection. We don’t know how many of those preg-nant women who have this infection— this virus—are going to bear very, very sick babies. We don’t know how many, but it is going to be a lot. We should be working to fight Zika. We should be working together. We should be providing public health ex-perts with the tools they need to fight this virus. It is not being done, as the Republican leader says. In the Senate, we are stuck in limbo as the Repub-lican leader forces an unnecessary revote on this failed proposal we got from the House of Representatives and approved by the Republicans in the Senate—this conference report. We don’t need to vote on this again. It was already rejected. It will be rejected again. Why? For very good reasons. It is an abomination of a conference report. It restricts funding for birth control provided by Planned Parent-hood. My friend talked about pregnant women. If we want to talk about preg-nant women, we ought to talk about women who don’t want to get pregnant. Where do they go? The vast majority of women in America go to Planned Par-enthood. Millions go. This legislation that the Republicans are trying to foist on the American people stops them from being able to do that. It restricts funding for birth control provided by Planned Parenthood. Planned Parent-hood is a whipping boy for the Repub-licans. This legislation also exempts pes-ticide spraying from the Clean Water Act. They had to get Planned Parent-hood, and they had to do something to the environmental community. Here is what they are going to do to whack the environmental community: We will just not have the Clean Water Act apply. Veterans—my friend the Republican leader talks about veterans funding. Understand that the legislation being proposed to help fight Zika takes $500 million—one-half billion dollars—from the veterans program. That money was to be used for processing claims for veterans, which are way behind. We need that extra money. That is going to be gone. The so-called salvation of the Zika problem also rescinds $543 million from ObamaCare. Right now, I could raise a point of order, and that would go. That would be gone. It rescinds $543 million from ObamaCare. They have to do this. They are so ideological: Let’s go after Planned Parenthood; let’s go after the environmental community; let’s make sure we do something about ObamaCare; and, just for good meas-ure, because Ebola is not an emergency this very second, let’s take more money from that. Two years ago, Ebola was a big emergency, and it will be again. And, just for good measure, to satisfy the right-wing—as Speaker Boehner called them—crazies over there, they said: We will strike a provi-sion on the Confederate flag that was in the House bill. How is that for an effort to do some-thing constructive? We all know the Senate will not pass this Republican conference report. President Obama will not sign it into law. So why waste more time on this? We should pass the bipartisan Senate compromise as soon as possible. My friend said: Well, we can’t amend the conference report. Of course, we can do anything here. With unanimous consent, we can do all kinds of good things. That is obviously the responsible path forward, and we need to get this legislation to the President’s desk. In order to do that, we must bring the Zika compromise legislation before the Senate as a stand-alone. I tried yester-day to do that. I asked unanimous con-sent that the Senate move to the com-promise legislation and the Senate vote on that passage. But despite his previous support for this bipartisan legislation, the Republican leader ob-jected. Senate Democrats are not going to be deterred. Is there a State in the Union that is going to suffer more than Florida? No. So the senior Senator from Florida is going to come to the floor in a little while this morning, and he is going to ask consent that the Senate proceed to the Zika compromise as a stand-alone bill. It can be done. We should do that. Florida has been hit really hard, and the worst is yet to come. Yesterday alone, as I indicated, there were new cases reported. According to the Palm Beach Post, that brings the number of Floridians—just Floridians—affected with Zika today to almost 300, includ-ing 43 pregnant women. So I hope they are going to consider the request by Senator N
ELSON . We are willing to work with Republicans to get this done. The Senate is going to adjourn for the long, 7-week vacation once we get this done. Our country is facing an emergency. It is time for the Republicans to start treating it as such. ‘‘Opioids,’’ ‘‘Zika’’ are only words from the Republicans. I repeat for the third time this morning, it is so clear why the Republicans are going to lose the majority in the U.S. Senate. All you have to do is listen to what the Republican leader had to say today. Will the Chair announce the business of the Senate this morning. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2016—CON-FERENCE REPORT The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the conference report to accompany S. 524, which the clerk will report. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
Conference report to accompany S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 12:30 p.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. The Senator from Illinois. 
ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, 5 months—5 months—that is how long it has been since the National Institutes of Health and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention formally asked the U.S. Congress to respond to a pub-lic health emergency to combat the Zika virus—5 months. In that time, we have seen the num-ber of Americans infected with Zika soar to 3,667. Of those, 599 are pregnant women. In Illinois, there are 26 con-firmed cases of Zika—5 months. To date, seven infants have been born with Zika-related birth defects in the United States. Five pregnancies have ended because of Zika-related birth de-fects—5 months. Last week, Utah health officials announced the first U.S. death related to the Zika virus—5 months. In Puerto Rico, where this sit-uation gets worse by the day, officials reported a 1-week jump of 40 percent in the number of pregnant women on the island diagnosed with Zika—5 months. Three thousand, six hundred sixty- seven Americans to date are infected with Zika that we know of, 599 preg-nant women, 7 babies born with severe birth defects, 5 ended because of the virus, and the first Zika-related death—5 months since the President of the United States said this was a pub-lic health crisis. The Republican-controlled Congress has waited 5 months to respond to this crisis, and now we are on the verge of leaving town for 7 more weeks—until 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.004 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4956 July 12, 2016 
September, after the conventions—and we will leave without providing our Federal health agencies the money they urgently need to fight Zika. By the time Congress returns, it will be 7 months since the President asked Con-gress on an emergency basis to deal with this public health crisis of Zika. Every single American should be dis-gusted by this, and every single Mem-ber of Congress should be embarrassed. What is perhaps most infuriating about this situation is that we have a bipartisan Zika funding bill ready to go, and the President would sign it to-morrow if he could. In May, the Senate passed a bill. I will concede, it was 3 months after the President asked for it, but we did pass a bill. We had 89 votes supporting a bill to provide $1.1 billion to fight this public health dis-aster. It was less than the President asked, but was a good-faith, bipartisan effort supporting mosquito control pro-grams, lab capacity, surveillance ef-forts, and maternal health services. It wasn’t the bill that Democrats would have written or the President asked for. It wasn’t really the bill that the Republicans wanted to start with. It was a bipartisan, good-faith com-promise. But what happened to that bill after it left the Senate? Instead of that bi-partisan bill moving through the House and quickly to the President, it went into a conference committee, and that is when things went terribly bad. Right before adjourning for the Fourth of July recess, the House Republicans de-cided to take our bipartisan bill with 89 votes and load it up like a right-wing Christmas tree. They decided to attack environmental protection by over-turning the clean water regulations. They decided to block money to wom-en’s health providers. Most people re-member when the Republicans were prepared to shut down the government of the United States over the funding of Planned Parenthood. Now, in this bill that they have sent back to us from conference, they are prepared to shut down our response to this public health crisis of the Zika virus in order to defund Planned Parenthood. It also undermines the Affordable Care Act, which has been a traditional whipping boy of the rightwing, and it raids Ebola funds. They knew the Democrats wouldn’t accept these rid-ers. They made it as disgusting and re-pugnant politically as it could be. They said: Remember, we don’t need Ebola funds. It turns out we do. To this day, the CDC still has 80 dis-ease specialists stationed in West Afri-ca. A few months ago, there was an Ebola cluster in Guinea. In order to re-spond to that unexpected outbreak, the CDC had to vaccinate 1,700 people, track 20,000 people through surveil-lance, and open five emergency oper-ation centers in two different coun-tries. The Republicans say: Well, we will just take the money away from Ebola, maybe things will work out fine in Af-rica. The Republican bill proposes deci-mating our Ebola prevention funding and diverting the resources. The major-ity leader and majority whip claim the House Zika bill is a compromise and bi-partisan. Let me be clear. It is neither. It is not a compromise, and it is not bi-partisan. Not a single Democrat signed the conference report that came out of the House. Despite the fact that 89 Sen-ators of both parties had voted for bi-partisan funding in the Senate, when they took it into conference, it turned into a political football. This is a cynical attempt by the Re-publicans in the House to hijack a pub-lic health crisis and push a grab bag of their favorite unrelated poison pill rid-ers. That is why their bill, as shown by the vote here last month, is a non-starter in the Senate, and it is a non-starter with the American people. What is being lost during this entire posturing and politicizing is the very real toll Zika is taking. During the past 5 months, we have discovered new and alarming things about Zika. We know the Zika virus can be trans-mitted through sexual contact. Women infected with Zika in their first tri-mester can face a 13-percent likelihood of a baby born with a serious problem. Even if a pregnant woman doesn’t show any signs of infection, her baby can be born with serious, physical, and neuro-logical disorders. It has been 5 months since the Presi-dent asked for funding. This Repub-lican-led Congress just can’t get it right. Eighty-nine Senators, Demo-crats and Republicans, came up with a bipartisan answer, they couldn’t get it through the House of Representatives, and we sit here today languishing in this political mess. Researchers are examining the links to other negative health consequences: eye infections that lead to blindness, autoimmune disorders that cause pa-ralysis related to Zika virus. What about the impact of maternal stress on the baby? I spent the last sev-eral weeks meeting with maternal and fetal health care providers and commu-nity health leaders in Chicago. Yester-day I was in the Belleville area. They shared with me the fear and stress their patients are experiencing. Hun-dreds of pregnant women in Illinois are seeking care and advice from doctors. They have undergone tests to make sure their babies are safe. Sadly, three of those Illinois women have learned they are already infected with Zika. I am sick and tired of this political game being played by the House and Senate Republicans when it comes to a public health crisis. The President got it right 5 months ago. Why can’t this Congress get it right now before we leave for this 7- week vacation? Enough is enough. It is time for the Republican majority in the House and the Senate to do their job: respond to this public health crisis in a sensible, bipartisan way, just as our bill that passed the Senate with 89 votes addressed, instead of making this a political test for the most outrageous claims. Did I mention the fact that in con-ference, the House and Senate Repub-licans decided to add another provision when it came to this public health cri-sis? That provision would allow the dis-play of Confederate flags in veterans cemeteries. Give me a break. What does that have to do with this public health crisis or honoring our men and women in the military or our veterans who have served our country well? Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
PRIVATE SECTOR PENSIONS  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, as chair-man of the Budget Committee, I come to the floor on a regular basis and give some bad news, hopefully in small doses. If the small doses don’t work, I am going to have to go to larger doses, but we do have a crisis of overspending. We are going to have some more oppor-tunities to talk about that spending. Private sector pensions are what I am going to talk about today. Private sector pensions are relied upon by mil-lions of Americans for retirement secu-rity. They are agreements that are made between an employer and its em-ployees or a union and its members which allow the recipients to receive payments in retirement. Those pay-ments are based on a formula that in-cludes a number of factors, including years of service. I have worked on pension policy for all of my professional life. I have dealt with pensions as a young accountant, as the mayor of the city of Gillette, as a member of the Wyoming Legislature, as a member of the Senate Pensions Committee, as chairman of the Senate Pensions Committee, as a member of the Senate Finance Committee, as chairman of the Senate Retirement Se-curity Subcommittee, as chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, and as chairman of the conference committee on the 2006 Pension Protection Act that saved pensions for thousands of workers without wholesale business bankruptcy. I also authored the 2006 Pension Pro-tection Act, which dramatically al-tered the funding rules and made sin-gle-employer pension plans much more stable. The act also made significant changes to defined contribution plans that drastically improved participa-tion. I believe it is safe to say I speak from my experience as a Member of this body, with a large background in pension policy, and I am concerned about where we are heading. Out of the 24,361 single-employer pen-sion plans that we have information on, 4,486 are underfunded. The most re-cent actuarial estimations of the underfunding by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation is over $758 bil-lion. That should concern us because the assets of the Pension Benefit Guar-anty Corporation’s single-employer in-surance program are $85 billion. Let’s see. Single-employer pensions are un-derfunded by $758 billion. That is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.005 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4957 July 12, 2016 
rounding it down, actually. It should be $759 billion, with assets of $85 bil-lion. Let me say that another way and say it again. The insurance program for that $758 billion only has $85 billion in assets. That is not even our biggest pension problem. Out of the 1,361 mul-tiemployer pension plans, that means the collectively bargained agreements we have information on, 1,238 are un-derfunded. The most recent actuarial estimations of that underfunding is just over $611 billion. What are the assets of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation? They are $1.9 billion. In other words, the safety net for $611 billion is one and nine-tenths billion. I would equate that to trying to catching a whale shark with a net made for minnows. This shouldn’t come as a surprise to anyone. The PBGC wrote in its 2015 an-nual report that ‘‘it is more likely than not that the multiemployer program’s assets will be depleted in 2025.’’ The in-surance policy for collectively bar-gained pensions is on track to become insolvent in less than a decade. In fact, if the Central States Pension Fund goes under, it will reduce that amount considerably. Altogether, private sector pensions are underfunded by $1.35 trillion, or to put it in better perspective, $1,350 bil-lion. On top of that, per the most re-cent actuarial data available for State and local pensions, the total amount of underfunding in public sector pension plans is $1.2 trillion, or $1,200 billion. The total amount of unfunded liabil-ities in both private and public sector pension plans is around $2,600 billion. That means these pension plans have agreed to pay out $2.6 trillion more than they have available. For ref-erence, $2.6 trillion is $2,600 billion. It is more than double what our current annual spending is that Congress gets to make decisions on. That includes de-fense, transportation, agriculture, and education—twice what we spend on the things we get to make decisions on. I have heard from some of my col-leagues who have come to the Senate floor and speak to the troubling predic-aments of specific pension plans. Many of them are currently advocating for shoring up the United Mine Workers of America pension plan, which is just one of the 1,238 union pension plans that are underfunded. I am concerned about this for several reasons. First, if we take the steps my col-leagues are advocating for with regard to the United Mine Workers of Amer-ica, what are we going to do with the next underfunded pension plan that comes around looking for assistance? What about the plan after that? There are hundreds of private-sector pension plans in critical and declining or en-dangered status throughout America today so I am not sure how Congress would help the United Mine Workers of America and not the others. Para-phrasing President Washington: We are walking on untrodden ground. There is scarcely any part of our conduct which may not hereafter be drawn into prece-dent. I have frequently heard my col-leagues try to differentiate this case by speaking of a promise of a pension that was made to retirees in this particular union, but that agreement was between the members and the union. It was not an agreement with the Federal Govern-ment. Second, I find it necessary to remind my colleagues this country is $19 tril-lion in debt and consistently increasing its spending. We don’t have the money to shore up pension plans. To be clear, despite proponents arguing that this legislation is paid for by coal compa-nies’ contributions to the Abandoned Mine Land Trust, in reality, it would be paid for by the taxpayers. The Surface Mining Control and Rec-lamation Act is funded by a tax levied on mining operators per tonnage of coal harvested. Interest from the aban-doned mine land fund can be trans-ferred to three trusts to support United Mineworkers’ health care benefits of orphaned miners. Orphaned miners are those whose companies no longer exist but whose health plans still exist. If the abandoned mine land interest does not cover these health care costs, the three United Mine Workers’ health care plans are entitled to payments from the U.S. Treasury. The AML interest payments are often not sufficient to meet the three United Mine Workers’ health care plans’ needs so the general fund of the Treasury provides the balance. For ex-ample, in fiscal year 2012, interest from the abandoned mine land fund paid $48.4 million toward the health care funds, and the U.S. Treasury general fund, the taxpayer dollars, provided $205.6 million. The AML interest can-not take on another obligation. Now my colleagues are asking taxpayers to pay even more than the health care for the United Mine Workers’ bene-ficiaries. The portion of funds coming from the U.S. Treasury will only increase. As I mentioned, the AML trust is funded by a tax levied on coal harvested. The key word is ‘‘harvested.’’ It breaks my heart to say this, but according to the U.S. Energy Information Administra-tion, U.S. coal production, or har-vesting, is projected to be down over 25 percent this year compared to 2014. In large part, that is due to the mercury air toxics standards rule, the stream protection rule, the Clean Power Plan, the freeze on Federal coal leases, the proposed increase in coal royalty rates, and everything else the administration is doing to shut down coal. Less coal being harvested means less taxes will be paid into the abandoned mine land trust fund. As those abandoned mine land dollars dry up, more and more of the money this bill proposes to use for United Mine Workers’ health care and pensions will come from taxpayer dol-lars. Again, I will point out this agree-ment was made between the members and the union, not between the mem-bers and the American taxpayer. That bears repeating. The United Mine Workers of America agreement was made between the members and the United Mine Workers of America, not between the members and the Amer-ican taxpayer. It is also worth noting that the AML fund is not unique in that it is com-prised of fees paid by a specific indus-try or user base. One of the most sig-nificant pension problems we hear about today is the Central States Pen-sion Fund, which I mentioned earlier and which includes a large number of truckers. That fund is going broke. So I will offer my colleagues an analogy using that fund. To be sure that there are roads to drive on, trucking compa-nies pay a higher tax on their diesel fuel as well as taxes on truck and trail-er sales, heavy tires, and heavy vehicle usage. Together with a tax that all consumers pay on every gallon of gaso-line purchased, these taxes fund the highway trust fund. This trust fund for highways builds roads and pays for re-pairs and new bridges that the truck-ing industry and all drivers rely on. Using a dwindling AML trust fund to shore up the United Mine Workers of America pension would be like shoring up the Central States Pension Fund with the fund that builds highways be-cause truckers pay into the highway fund. That is what the United Mine Workers of America is asking us to do. My guess is that, if we examined all of the pension plans in critical and de-clining or endangered status, we could probably identify a fund that relevant employers or employees paid into in some way. If we go down this road, what is to stop those funds from being raided to shore up the quasi-related pensions? Where do we draw the line? Lastly, I worry about the claims that we are helping all coal miners with this proposal when, in reality, the policy does absolutely nothing for miners who are not members of the United Mine Workers of America. According to Bu-reau of Labor Statistics, nearly 11,000 workers in the coal industry have lost their jobs in the last year, largely due to this administration’s policies. Yet my colleagues have proposed a bill that would help only a portion of those peo-ple, and the bill wouldn’t help put those folks back to work, developing the energy source that generated 33 percent of America’s electricity last year. Instead, proponents of this bill are saying: If you are a member of the United Mine Workers of America, we want to help you with your health care benefits and pensions, but if you are not or if you want your job back, then too bad. I am not without sympathy for the United Mine Workers of America’s coal miners. Remember, I helped the miners get their health care. Coal miners play an integral part in our economy, and my colleagues have heard me say time and again that America runs on coal. Nowhere is that more evident than in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.007 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4958 July 12, 2016 
my home State of Wyoming, which pro-duces 40 percent of the Nation’s coal. In fact, we produce more coal than the second through the sixth States in coal production combined. I have the deepest respect for coal miners and am worried about those who have been laid off in Wyoming and across the country. I understand the unique health care needs of miners, and I respect the health care promise this country has made to the miners over many decades. I have supported those health care needs in the past, most spe-cifically by working across the aisle to shore up the three United Mine Work-ers of America’s health care funds back in the mid-2000s. I believe it is impor-tant that coal miners continue to re-ceive quality health care. I also believe it is crucial that they, as well as all Americans, have the opportunity to live out their retirement years in fi-nancial solvency, but I also want America to remain financially solvent. I don’t believe the efforts of my col-leagues advocating for this United Mine Workers of America bill help the mine workers in a way that is fair to the Federal taxpayers or to the other coal miners across America. I also know the troubling truth about some of America’s pension plans, as I pointed out on this chart, that are under-funded, as well as the faces of the par-ticipants within those plans. I have met with them and heard their stories throughout my professional life. There are facets of our retirement system that we can fix to help retirees, but I remain concerned about the use of Fed-eral tax dollars to shore up specific pension plans and to make false prom-ises. I thank the Presiding Officer, and I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 5243 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I come to the floor for the purpose of making a unanimous consent request with re-gard to Zika. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of H.R. 5243, which is at the desk; that all after the enacting clause be stricken; that the substitute amendment, which is the text of the Blunt-Murray amend-ment to provide $1.1 billion of funding for Zika, be agreed to; that there be up to 1 hour of debate equally divided be-tween the two leaders or their des-ignees; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended, with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —CONFERENCE  
REPORT TO ACCOMPANY H .R. 2577 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object, let me just walk through this one more time in case anybody is confused about where we are. As I said yesterday, Republican Sen-ators are eager to pass the conference report which is before us and send it to the President’s desk for signature. We should do that today—this very day. That would accomplish several impor-tant things before we leave for the week. First, it would provide $1.1 bil-lion in immediate funding to combat Zika. That is the exact amount of money in the Democrats’ request. How-ever, the Democrats’ request includes only funding for Zika and leaves the rest of the important priorities behind. The conference report that the House passed includes full funding for Zika, funding for military construction, funding for veterans programs, and temporary but meaningful reforms to ensure that we are able to combat mos-quito-borne illnesses during the sum-mer months, which are upon us. We should pass the conference report today—this very day. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 2577 and that the conference report be agreed to with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object—first of all, did I hear an objection from the majority leader to my unanimous consent re-quest? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader has not yet objected. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I believe I reserved the right to object and then offered an alternative unani-mous consent request to which I think the Senator from Florida is about to respond. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, now here we are in the same old political games. With a much needed bill, MILCON-VA—a very good bill—attaching a Zika bill that is loaded down with poison pills, that takes away family planning funds and also takes money out of the Affordable Care Act. So here again it is the same political games, and for that reason, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard to the majority leader’s request. Is there objection to the request of the Senator from Florida? Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object—and I will be objecting—let me just say to my good friend from Florida that regard-less of the substantive arguments he is making, as a practical matter, if we were to repass the Senate bill, it would not pass the House, so it would not achieve the result we are looking for. So I guess who is playing political games is in the eye of the beholder. If we want to get an outcome, if we want to get $1.1 billion appropriated to combat Zika and do it now, and if we want to fund the military construction bill, the proposal the Senator from Florida is asking for will not achieve that; therefore, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I would just say to the majority leader that one of the items in his proposal takes money away from Puerto Rico. By see-ing the unanimous vote we had—not unanimous—the overwhelming vote last week for the financial assistance plan to help Puerto Rico get out of its financial woes—part of those financial woes is in the health care sector. We know that experts have told us that 20 percent of the population of Puerto Rico is estimated to be infected with the Zika virus by the end of this sum-mer. So there is just one example of why we should not take an approach that is taking money out of the Afford-able Care Act and taking money away from family planning, but specifically with regard to its effect upon Puerto Rico. As I shared with the Senate last week, I represent the State that had 11 new cases of the Zika virus last week. Well, lo and behold, we now have 13 more new cases, bringing the total in our State to 276, which includes 43 pregnant women, and that is just one of the 50 States in the Union, not in-cluding the territories. The number of cases being reported across the country continues to rise. There have been seven infants born in the United States with Zika-related birth defects, and you know what I am talking about be-cause you have seen the pictures of how, when the virus attacks the fetus in its development, it does not allow the development properly of the head and of the brain. Right now in America, the CDC is monitoring 599 pregnant women. Public health experts estimate that caring for a child born with Zika-related microcephaly could amount to $10 mil-lion in medical costs over that child’s lifetime. That is just speaking about the dollars; that is not talking about the tragedy. By that estimate, it would cost up to $2 billion to care for 200 chil-dren born with microcephaly. That is $100 million more than the amount this Senator and the minority leader had asked for in the first place, reflecting the President’s request of $1.9 billion that the experts say is needed to curb the spread of the virus. That request was made 4 months ago, and we still haven’t done anything about it. At what point do the majority and the majority leader decide to stop playing these games and simply do what is needed? Mr. REID. Mr. President, will my friend yield for a question? Mr. NELSON. Of course. Mr. REID. Is it true that your family first came to Florida in 1829 or some-where in there—a long time ago? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.008 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4959 July 12, 2016 
Mr. NELSON. Can the Senator ask that again? I cannot hear. Mr. REID. Is it true that your family came to the State of Florida around the turn of the 19th century? Mr. NELSON. Through the Chair, Mr. President, I would answer the Senator. Yes, my family came to Florida right after Florida was acquired as a terri-tory from Spain. Mr. REID. Is it true that during your lifetime, you have served in various elected offices in the State of Florida. You were, as I recall, the State treas-urer, which included insurance com-missioner, and you represented the State of Florida in the House of Rep-resentatives; is that true? Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, that is true. Mr. REID. And you have been in this body since 2000; is that true? Mr. NELSON. For 15
1⁄2years, that is true. Mr. REID. Is it also true that during your tenure as a Floridian, you had the good fortune to be an American astro-naut? Mr. NELSON. Not only the good for-tune but the great privilege, and now I have the opportunity to work on the policy for the Nation’s space program. Mr. REID. The point I am trying to outline here for the Senator from Flor-ida, I think, without any stretch of the imagination, that you know the State of Florida pretty well, don’t you? Mr. NELSON. The good Lord willing, I know it pretty much like the back of my hand. Mr. REID. And you understand as much, if not more, than anyone else the dangers of these mosquitoes that are ravaging your State and other States and, of course, the American citizens of Puerto Rico; is that true? Mr. NELSON. Yes, sir. And I know that mosquitoes are all over Florida, but now this one strain of mosquito, the aegypti, for dinner feeds not on one human but on four. If the mosquito has the Zika virus, each of those four would then be infected with the virus after the mosquito has had its dinner. Mr. REID. And you understand, I ask the Senator from Florida, that for gen-erations of time, mosquitoes have caused all kinds of medical problems for people who are infected from dif-ferent bites from mosquitoes; is that right? Mr. NELSON. If you think of the building of the Panama Canal, mosqui-toes transmitted malaria. So mosqui-toes are a vector which transmits a lot of diseases. This strain of mosquito can lay its larvae in stagnant water con-tained in something as small as a bot-tle cap. Mr. REID. It is true, is it not, that in generations past, mosquitoes have caused death and illness that we have tried to handle for the last 100 years? Mr. NELSON. That is correct, and we usually meet those emergencies with emergency funding. Mr. REID. Isn’t it true that this strain of mosquito is now causing, for the first time in history that we know of, not only death and sickness but also causing women to give birth to babies who are very ill? Mr. NELSON. There is a direct link, I would say, Mr. President, in response to the Senator, between a pregnant woman being infected with the Zika virus and the probability that she will deliver a child who is deformed. Mr. REID. Is the Senator aware that what we passed out of here by 89 votes was $1.1 billion in emergency funding for the State of Florida and the rest of our States and, of course, the citizens of Puerto Rico? Mr. NELSON. Not only that, but with bipartisan support early on in this whole dialogue. And now we are seeing the resistance of the majority leader to take up the very bill that passed with those overwhelming numbers of bipar-tisan support. Mr. REID. And the Senator is aware that what we got back from the House of Representatives and what this Re-publican Senate signed on to is a bill that is an abomination. Is the Senator aware that what it does, among other things, is it allows the flying of Confed-erate flags at cemeteries; it takes $543 million from ObamaCare; it takes money from emergencies we have today with Ebola? Is the Senator aware that they are taking a whack at the Clean Water Act with our inability to spray? Is the Senator aware that there are so many women who go to Planned Parenthood to handle the problems that women have, including wanting help to not get pregnant? Are you aware that the legislation they sent back to us prevents Planned Parent-hood from being involved in this? Mr. NELSON. It is a political mes-sage that is so reviled by the people of America. They want us to get down to the business. If Senator M
CCONNELL had a flood or an earthquake in Kentucky, we would all support him with emergency fund-ing to meet that emergency. We have an emergency now. Why are they add-ing all of these poison pills, such as those the Democratic leader has just enumerated, in this bill? Mr. President, I think the Senator from Nevada has with his cross-exam-ination exposed exactly what the prob-lem is, and it is too bad. The clock con-tinues to tick. At the end of this week, we will go out. We won’t come back until the day after Labor Day, which is in the first week of September. And all along, the Government of the United States is going to have to figure out how it will get the money to the local mosquito control districts and how it will get the money to the drug compa-nies to continue the R&D to find and produce a vaccine and all the other health-related expenses. Mr. DURBIN. Will the Senator yield through the Chair for a question? Mr. NELSON. I certainly will yield to the Senator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Through the Chair, I would ask the Senator from Florida whether it is true that it has been 5 months since President Obama de-clared this public health emergency and asked the Congress to respond to that emergency in a timely way. He asked for emergency funding of $1.9 bil-lion for mosquito abatement, for med-ical research, for expanding lab facili-ties, and for investing in developing a vaccine to protect Americans, if not this year, next year. Mr. NELSON. It is true, and not only is it true that the President requested it, but immediately, a whole bunch of us out here filed a bill and brought it to the attention of the Senate, and it is now 5 months later. Mr. DURBIN. I ask the Senator through the Chair, in dealing with a public health emergency, a public health crisis, the potential of an epi-demic that we now think could infect 25 percent of the population of Puerto Rico, is a timely response an important part of the congressional response? Mr. NELSON. Amen to that, and here we are dithering with these political games. We wonder why the American public is so turned off when they see what is going on up here, and here is one of the very best examples of an emergency. Mr. DURBIN. I ask the Senator—and I see my colleague, Senator MURRAY of Washington, on the floor, who is in a very important position, and she is going to address this issue in a few mo-ments. But is it not true that we worked out a bipartisan compromise in the Senate—not to give $1.9 billion, which, on the Democratic side, is our aspiration, but at least to agree with the Republicans in the Senate to $1.1 billion to respond to the President’s re-quest for an emergency response; and that we passed the bill in the Senate with 89 votes—an overwhelming bipar-tisan vote—with an agreement and a compromise in May, and this was sent over to the House of Representatives in May of this year? Mr. NELSON. Not only is it true, but with 100 Senators, when something passes with 89 votes, that is a pretty strong consensus. Mr. DURBIN. I would ask the Sen-ator through the Chair—so we have the President identifying a public health emergency and the President telling us—and the CDC as well—that delaying this makes a possibility or probability of an epidemic even worse. We have a response by the Senate, on a bipartisan basis with 89 votes, to provide over $1 billion for the President to get to work to protect America and to develop a vaccine. And is it not true that the House was given this measure with 89 votes and failed to send it back to us on a timely basis? Mr. NELSON. Not only is that true, those four things, but then the House of Representatives put it on a very good bill, the MILCON appropriations, and they sent it down here thinking that we were going to have to take it at the eleventh hour with all of those poison pills, which include the Confed-erate flag. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.010 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4960 July 12, 2016 
Mr. DURBIN. I ask the Senator from Florida, through the Chair, is it also true that the bill sent to us by the House, after we passed a bipartisan bill with 89 votes, had no Democratic sig-natories—no House Members of the Democratic Party signing onto this conference report that was sent over to us—so it was a totally Republican con-ference report? Mr. NELSON. Not only is that true, but it is also indicative of how ideo-logically driven and how partisan driv-en so much of the activity here in this Capitol building is, which is what is very distasteful to the American peo-ple. Mr. DURBIN. I ask the Senator from Florida, through the Chair, is it also not true, based on the statements made by the Republican majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL of Kentucky, that he is going to give us one last chance in the next 48 hours to either take this partisan version of the bill, addressing this public health crisis, or do nothing for the next 7 weeks? Mr. NELSON. That, of course, I say to the Senator from Illinois, is such a poor, poor choice. Mr. DURBIN. I would ask the Sen-ator from Florida my last question. I know my other colleagues are waiting to ask questions. Your State, the State of Florida, appears to be vulnerable— more vulnerable than most States—be-cause of your proximity to Puerto Rico and other places and the number of travelers coming into the State of Florida from areas where we know for certain that the Zika virus is starting to be manifest. I ask the Senator from Florida: What are you hearing back in your State about the need for a timely, bipartisan effort in Congress to deal with the public health crisis of the Zika virus? Mr. NELSON. I say to the Senator from Illinois, with 276 cases of infec-tion, with 43 pregnant women that we know of just in the State of Florida, is it any wonder that 5 months ago, when we filed the $1.9 billion request of the administration, my colleague from Florida, my friend who I get along with, the junior Senator, Mr. R
UBIO, cosponsored the bill with me. Mr. DURBIN. Well, I said it was the last question. I will ask one more, if I may, through the Chair. I would ask the Senator from Florida this: So you have Senator R
UBIO, a well-known Re-publican from Florida, and Senator B
ILLNELSON , maybe the best known Democrat from Florida, agreeing that this is an emergency that needs to be dealt with on a timely basis, that the President’s request for $1.9 billion is a reasonable request, that we pass a bi-partisan measure—Senate Democrats and Senate Republicans—and that we are moving toward solving this prob-lem and responding to it. Is it not true that this measure fell apart or broke down when it ended up in the Repub-lican-controlled House of Representa-tives, where they did not take a bipar-tisan approach to the issue? Mr. NELSON. Not only is that true, I say to the Senator, but there is the fact that this is an emergency, which has always been dealt with in the his-tory of this Senate as a bipartisan thing to meet the situation of the emergency, and now this has been used—because it is so urgent to get the appropriations—as a political message and ideological, partisan-driven bill. Mr. DURBIN. I thank the Senator Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from Florida for his leadership on this issue and the Senators from Nevada and Illinois for their great questions illuminating us. I am just going to sum up here in a minute. If the Republican leader wants to get something done, instead of put-ting this bill on the floor again, he would go over to the House and tell them to vote for the bipartisan bill that he voted for and we all voted for of $1.1 billion. I say something else to my friend from Kentucky. When he was in the minority, he kept saying to us: Leadership means working together. Well, he is in charge now. We have a crisis. Instead of working together, he is putting a bill on the floor that had no input from our side and that doesn’t do the job and is loaded with poison pills. Is that leadership? Does that show that the Senate is working again? He is back to the old ways when we have a crisis. Again, if the majority leader of this body wanted to get some-thing done about Zika, he would ask the House to pass our bipartisan bill. Instead, he puts the same political document on the floor that shows no leadership, that shows no bipartisan-ship, and that will not pass. So there is no drama. There is no suspense. I don’t even know why he is doing it again, but probably because he knows there is a crisis and he is unwilling, reluctant, afraid, to confront the House with their gamesmanship that was driven by 40 Freedom Caucus members who don’t believe the government should spend money on anything. The only way he could get the votes was to put in all these poison pills which he knew would kill the bill to begin with. So the bottom line is very simple. If the House would put our bi-partisan bill on the floor of the House it would pass right now. We would get something done. Instead, the very bi-partisanship that the majority leader is trying to make as a hallmark of his leadership is being made a joke of by his putting a partisan bill that has failed once on the floor once again in the closing days of this session. I would urge the majority leader—it is really on his shoulders—to recon-sider. I would urge him to make a good faith effort to get something done. I would urge him not to play the game of putting this bill, laden with poison pills, not doing the job, on the floor, and, instead, go call Speaker R
YANand say: We have to get something done. Let’s do something in a bipartisan way. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I too want to thank the Senator from Flor-ida for his strong effort to get this done. I thank my colleagues who are here speaking as well. There are just a few days left in this legislative session. I am so frustrated that instead of fi-nally coming out of their partisan cor-ner and getting to work to fight the Zika virus, Republican leaders, as we just saw, have doubled down on their politics-first approach. It has been more than 5 months since President Obama first put forward a strong emergency funding proposal to respond to Zika. Rather than giving that proposal a serious consideration, Republicans simply refused to even consider it. Instead, they found excuse after excuse, delay after delay, and re-fused to listen to public health experts and women and families who made it clear that Congress needed to act. They tried to jam a partisan, polit-ical bill through Congress on the way out of town on the Fourth of July. Now, look, as we just heard, it was a bill that included harmful, political provisions on everything from women’s health to the Confederate flag to the environment. Now, as this Republican-controlled Congress is headed out of town again, Republicans are somehow trying to claim that they have done everything they need to do when it comes to Zika. They are saying that by putting for-ward now a partisan bill full of harmful and unnecessary policy riders, they can throw up their hands and go home. Well, that might be how Republicans in Congress want it to work, but the women and families I talk to could not disagree more. They are worried about what this virus could mean to their families. They want Congress to take action. Republicans should know that Democrats are going to keep pushing until that happens. It is especially frustrating that, despite all of the par-tisanship and tea party pandering we have seen from the other side of the aisle, Republicans and Democrats in this Senate did reach an agreement on Zika 2 months ago that got the support of every Democrat and nearly half of the Republicans—89 votes. It did not provide the full amount President Obama requested, but it would have been a strong down pay-ment. It would have helped to accel-erate the development of a vaccine. It would strengthen vector control in communities across the United States and the territories and critically ex-pand access to desperately needed fam-ily planning and other health care services. Had Republicans been willing to stay the bipartisan course that we set and push aside the extreme members who insist on using women’s health every time as a political football, that agree-ment would now have been signed into 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.012 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4961 July 12, 2016 
law, and it would be on its way to com-munities, as we speak. I am deeply frustrated that has not happened. This is truly urgent. In fact, just last week, the Puerto Rico Department of Health noted a 40-percent increase in the number of pregnant women with Zika on the island. So, frankly, it is appalling that given what we know about the impacts of this virus, Repub-licans would put an ideological, par-tisan bill in front of us and say: My way or the highway. That is why today Democrats are here giving Republicans another chance to do the right thing. We are urging them to support women and families instead of the tea party and Heritage Action and join us to get a strong bipartisan emergency funding package to communities at risk be-cause of the Zika virus. This bill has already passed the Sen-ate, as we know, with 89 votes. Demo-crats supported it. Most Republicans supported it. So we are here to urge Republican leaders: Don’t waste an-other minute. Join us in moving a bi-partisan bill forward. Women and fami-lies across the country have waited long enough for action on Zika. Let’s not make them wait any longer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. 
TRAGEDY IN DALLAS  
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I rise today to offer my thoughts and prayers to the five Dallas police officers and their families who were killed in the line of duty on July 7, 2016. I want to recognize them on the Senate floor for the sacrifices they have made, for their heroic service to protect the people of Dallas, and also to recognize our law enforcement officers for what they do every single day on our behalf. On July 7, 2016, unfortunately, killed in the line of duty—adding to the roll-call, and whose names will be added to the Law Enforcement Memorial in Washington—are Sergeant Michael Smith, a former Army Ranger who also served our Nation and who had been with the department since 1989; Senior Corporal Lorne Ahrens, 48, who had been with the department since 2002; Officer Michael Krol, 40, who had been with the department since 2007; Officer Patrick Zamarripa, 32, a former Navy Seal and Iraq war veteran, who had been with the department since 2011; DART Officer Bart Thompson, 43, a former marine who had been with the department since 2009. Thompson was the first DART officer who was killed in the line of duty since the depart-ment’s inception in 1989. Having served as attorney general for the State of New Hampshire, we have, unfortunately, been through this with our law enforcement officers in New Hampshire when we lose an officer in the line of duty. This is such a tragedy for the Dallas community, but it is a tragedy for our country. So, today, we stand with those mourning in Dallas. We stand with the law enforcement community. We stand with all of those who serve our Nation because they go out every single day when we are home with our families and on holidays. When we are home late at night, when we are sleeping, they are out in the streets patrolling, keeping us safe, the ‘‘Thin Blue Line’’ between us and those who want to do us harm. So, as we look at what is happening around our Nation, law enforcement is the solution to bringing us together. They work in our communities every single day. I have seen the phenomenal work that our law enforcement com-munity does in New Hampshire. I have been to the Police Athletic League and seen what they are doing with the youth in our community. I have seen the outreach they do every day on this horrible drug epidemic that we are fac-ing in the State of New Hampshire. I have seen the difficult situations they face with those struggling with mental illness—every single challenge they are taking on in our communities. So, today, let’s remember those five brave officers who gave their lives in the line of duty, and let’s remember all those who have given their lives in the line of duty to keep us safe every single day. Without our brave law enforce-ment officers, we would not be able to enjoy the freedoms we have and not be able to enjoy our own families and our way of life. So we are grateful to all of those who serve. We stand with you. We thank you for what you do every single day on our behalf. To your family members, we say to you as well, thank you, because fami-lies do serve as well. And when your loved ones go out on our streets to keep us safe, we know you worry about their safe return. So we stand with you as well, and we say thank you for your service and sacrifice to keep the rest of us safe. Mr. President, I would also like to speak today about a very important piece of legislation that I hope we will be considering on the Senate floor this week. I rise in support of the con-ference report for a critical piece of legislation called the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, otherwise known as CARA. I have now been work-ing on this piece of legislation with Senators P
ORTMAN , W HITEHOUSE , and K
LOBUCHAR for about 2 years, and I thank them for their leadership on this legislation and their partnership in the work we have done, along with hun-dreds of coalition groups that have helped us put this legislation together. CARA passed this body in March by a vote of 94 to 1. Not much passes the Senate with a vote of 94 to 1. Numbers like that speak volumes to the fact that every community is facing a her-oin and opioid epidemic right now, and we need to take national action. And after conferencing the Senate version with a package of House bills related to opioid abuse, just this past Friday the House of Representatives passed the conference report by an overwhelming vote of 407 to 5—407 to 5 in the House of Representatives. Those are very powerful numbers in support of this legislation, but I want to touch on the numbers that matter the most and why we need to act on this legislation—numbers like 129, the number of people who die each day in our country from a drug overdose; or 248, the number of stakeholder groups who have endorsed the final version of CARA because they know it takes the right legislative approach to fighting back against this public health crisis. That number includes some groups from my home State of New Hampshire whom I have had the honor of working with. I appreciate so much their phe-nomenal work on the frontlines in helping those struggling with addic-tion, including HOPE for New Hamp-shire Recovery; Hope on Haven Hill; the Kingston Lions Club in Kingston, NH; and Project Recovery in Newton, NH. And I know there are many other individuals and groups on the frontlines in New Hampshire who are making a difference. CARA is also supported by nearly 40 chiefs of police from across our State, the New Hampshire Association of Chiefs of Police, and the National Fra-ternal Order of Police because our law enforcement knows we need a com-prehensive response. I have heard so many times from our police officers that we cannot arrest our way out of this public health crisis. Another number never far from my mind is 439—the number of individuals in my home State of New Hampshire who died from a drug overdose last year. And just this year alone, 2016, 161 have died. So unfortunately we are looking at even greater numbers with what we see happening on the streets of New Hampshire. I will never forget those numbers be-cause they are so much more than numbers; they are the lives of loved ones we have lost, and they represent the overwhelming heartbreak felt by too many families. Every time I am out in New Hamp-shire, I have another family, unfortu-nately, whom I meet and who tells me about their story of losing someone they loved or a loved one they are try-ing to get help for who is struggling with addiction. That is why in this de-bate we must give a voice to those who no longer have a voice of their own. We must put faces, names, and stories to this epidemic because it is affecting families and communities all across our country. I want to share some stories from those in New Hampshire who are driv-ing us to take action. In passing CARA, we are remembering them, and we are honoring them and making a change that can help save lives. We are mak-ing sure we have the right legislative framework in place as we push for more funding to get to the States to address this epidemic. I am spurred to action by these stories, and it is my hope that by sharing this here today, my colleagues will join me in passing this legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.013 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4962 July 12, 2016 
I just spoke to a woman yesterday from Plaistow, NH—Kathy. Kathy’s son Thomas was a hero in his local commu-nity. He was compassionate and caring to his peers and even helped a fellow student who was living alone in the woods rededicate himself to studying and eventually graduate. He literally went out in the woods to find a home-less student and brought him into his home. Around 7 years ago, this bright young man became addicted to painkillers. This is a story we hear all too often. He had an injury, he became addicted to painkillers, and his family was shocked at how many pills he was legally pre-scribed for his back pain. It wasn’t long before he turned to something else— heroin. In fact, the national data shows that four out of five people who turn to her-oin actually started with misusing or overusing prescription drugs. Thomas’s life, unfortunately, took a turn for the worse, and he spent time in jail before eventually passing away from an overdose. When I spoke with Kathy, she told me that more needs to be done to help others struggling with a substance use disorder. She wants to see more re-sources for early education. She wants to fight back against the stigma asso-ciated with addiction. In having this debate on the Senate floor, that is something we need to turn around—the stigma. This is a pub-lic health crisis. This is a disease, and we need to get help for those struggling with addiction. But Kathy is not alone. A woman in Goffstown wrote to me after losing her brother to a heroin overdose: 
From here forward, we will never have an-other holiday where our family is complete. At Thanksgiving, when our close, loving family gathers, there will be an empty seat where he once sat. An unfilled stocking at Christmas will remind us of the void we feel each day. Come his 25th birthday this year, we will visit his grave site where he is buried instead of hugging him in our arms and wish-ing him another wonderful year. 
A father in Brentwood, NH, lost his son to an overdose and told me: 
I cannot describe the pain, feeling of help-lessness and grave despair [my wife] and I went through upon finding our son dead. This has been a tragedy we in the end were not able to fix, and a war we were not able to win. Our son is now part of the statistics. 
A woman in Wakefield wrote that her niece’s dreams were crushed when she became addicted to heroin. She wrote: 
Her death has left the family heartbroken, and we have chosen to tell everyone the truth in hopes that her death will not have been in vain. 
A mother in Manchester said: 
I wake up every morning with the fear of finding my son dead. I am crying out for help. 
A mother from Greenville, NH, who spends her days helping people living with substance abuse disorders only to come home and see her own son strug-gling with using heroin, told me: 
As I tried to comfort those who have been affected by this tragedy, I think that my son will be next. In Laconia, a man helps those strug-gling to get treatment, but he feels helpless when he is faced with a 5- month waiting period to get into a fa-cility. He wrote: 
In 5 months, these individuals will be dead. 
A parent from Salem contacted me and told me her son is struggling with heroin addiction, and she needed help finding a treatment program for him since she couldn’t afford to pay for treatment herself, like the mother of these three children who had to revive her son from an overdose before the paramedics could arrive, or like the Griffin family, Pam and Doug and Shannon Griffin from Newton, NH, whom I have gotten to know well. The Griffin family lost their beautiful 20- year-old daughter Courtney to a fentanyl and heroin overdose. Courtney’s father, Doug Griffin, and his wife, Pam, have made it their life’s mission to raise awareness about this terrible epidemic to help save lives and help others going through the same dif-ficulty and tragedy. Doug and so many other dedicated people in New Hampshire are working tirelessly to turn the tide against this epidemic. Earlier this year, I met with families from New Hampshire who ac-tually traveled to Washington to urge Congress to take up and pass CARA. If we don’t act, what kind of message are we sending to these families who need our help and need us to act? That is why we need CARA and we need to en-sure this framework is passed. CARA authorizes resources for treat-ment, prevention, recovery, and first responders—critical facets of a com-prehensive approach. And CARA is an authorizing vehicle. Some have made this argument around here: Why should we pass an authorization vehicle if the funding is not attached? Under that reasoning, we wouldn’t have passed the Violence Against Women Act, we wouldn’t have passed the Head Start Program, we wouldn’t have passed a program for vaccines for children, we wouldn’t have passed the Second Chance Act, and there are so many more. The reality is that in the appro-priations bill there have been increases in funding for CARA, and we are going to fight for even more increases in funding. In fact, at the end of the day, the Senate appropriations bills include a 46-percent increase in spending on opioid addiction programs since last year. So we can do more, but if we don’t pass CARA, then we will do a great disservice to the American peo-ple. President Obama’s Director of the Of-fice of National Drug Policy, Michael Botticelli, told me at a hearing in New Hampshire last year: ‘‘Certainly the CARA Act, I think, highlights many of the issues and fills really critical gaps not only in terms of funding but in terms of policy around this issue.’’ Mr. President, I hope this is not a partisan issue. Unfortunately, we know, whether you are a Republican, a Democrat, or an Independent—it doesn’t matter what your political background is—we have so many fami-lies in New Hampshire and across this country who are struggling with addic-tion, and it is time for us to rise above the politics and pass this important legislation. I again thank Senator P
ORTMAN . I thank Senator K
LOBUCHAR and Senator W
HITEHOUSE for the passion and leader-ship they have shown on this legisla-tion. There is an urgent and pressing need for this legislation, and I call on my colleagues to come together and make sure we duplicate what happened in the House of Representatives, where there was an overwhelming vote to pass this legislation, so we can get it to the President’s desk and make sure this legislation is funded. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Re-publican leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, be-fore the Senator from New Hampshire leaves the floor, I just want to say again what I said previously. We wouldn’t be where we are today on the Comprehensive Addiction and Recov-ery Act without the Senator from New Hampshire, who made an extraordinary contribution to this early on and played an important leadership role. So on behalf of all Members of the Senate, Republicans and Democrats, I want to thank the Senator from New Hamp-shire for all she did to bring this for-ward. 
f 
ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask the Chair to lay before the Senate the House message accompanying S. 2012. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the House insist upon its amendment to the bill (S. 2012) entitled ‘‘An Act to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes,’’ and ask a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon. 
COMPOUND MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move that the Senate disagree to the amendment of the House, agree to the request by the House for a conference, and the Pre-siding Officer appoint the following conferees: Senators M
URKOWSKI , BAR-
RASSO , R ISCH, C ORNYN , C ANTWELL , W
YDEN , and S ANDERS . 
CLOTURE MOTION  
I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.014 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4963 July 12, 2016 
move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to disagree to the House amendment, agree to the request from the House for a conference, and the Presiding Officer appoint the following conferees: Senators Mur-kowski, Barrasso, Risch, Cornyn, Cantwell, Wyden, and Sanders with respect to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the moderniza-tion of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. John McCain, John Cornyn, Marco Rubio, Deb Fischer, Rob Portman, Roger F. Wicker, Richard Burr, Joni Ernst, David Vitter, James M. Inhofe, Dean Heller, Pat Roberts, Lamar Alex-ander, Ron Johnson, Tom Cotton, Thom Tillis, Mitch McConnell. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that this cloture vote occur at 3:30 p.m. today, with the time from 2:15 p.m. until 2:30 p.m. controlled by Sen-ator B
OXER or her designee; further, that the time from 2:30 p.m. until 3 p.m. be controlled by the majority, and the time from 3 p.m. until 3:30 p.m. be equally divided between the two man-agers. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. 
RECENT TRAGEDIES IN MINNESOTA AND THE  
COUNTRY  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I come to the Senate floor today to re-member those who have been affected by the tragic events in my State and across the country over the last week. I am here today to remember the loss, to share in the grief, and to stand with our community as we seek justice and healing and solutions together. Last week was a tough week in Min-nesota. There have been and there will be a lot of bleak moments, when all anyone can do is to hug their family and their friends and ask why. How can this happen? How can we make sense of the senseless? How can we go on as peo-ple and as a community that is hurting so badly? But amidst all the horror, I also saw hope this weekend. Sunday, I spoke at Pilgrim Baptist Church in St. Paul, as well as Greater Friendship Missionary Baptist Church in Minneapolis. When I looked around that room, I saw the horror, the frustration, the anger, but I also saw the hope. Being there with the grieving members of our community gave me that hope because I knew that they supported one another, that their hearts must mend, that the neighbor-hoods must heal. I literally heard them talk about how the love they had with-in the walls of that church must go be-yond to the greater community. We have lost so many this week. What can you say to a mother whose precious baby boy—a 2-year-old—is killed in a drive-by shooting while sit-ting in his father’s car in north Min-neapolis? And what do you say to that same mother whose precious other child—the little boy’s baby sister—was also injured by that gunfire? What can you say to comfort elemen-tary school children who have suddenly lost that friendly face in the lunch-room who always gave them a smile, a kind word, a healthy snack? There are no words that can take away the pain of losing a beloved son, partner, and friend. Philando Castile was beloved—a ‘‘gentle soul,’’ in his mother’s words. He loved the kids at his school, and they loved ‘‘Mr. Phil’’ right back. He knew all the kids’ names. There were more than 500 of them. He learned who had allergies and who might need a lit-tle extra help. And, yes, with a little playful nagging, he got them to eat their vegetables. In short, he cared about them, and he let them know it. Everyone knew it. My State’s out-pouring of grief, especially from his school, and the love and support in the wake of his loss means something. The loss of that little 2-year-old is also a powerful reminder that being a friend is never a wasted effort—that even the smallest kindness shown to the smallest person makes this world better. Then there were the five officers lost in Dallas. Officer Brent Thompson had just gotten married a few weeks ago. His bride was a fellow transit officer. Officer Michael Smith served in the Dallas Police Department for 26 years and volunteered as a mentor to at-risk kids. Officer Patrick Zamarripa served three tours of duty in Iraq in the U.S. Navy. The only thing he loved more than the Texas Rangers and the Dallas Cowboys was his 2-year-old daughter, Lincoln. How about the 21 police officers in St. Paul who were injured Saturday night? There were so many peaceful protests—and there continue to be peaceful protests—involving Black Lives Matter and other groups in our State over Philando Castile’s death. That is part of our democracy. That is how we make change. But what hap-pened on Saturday night on Highway 94 was far from a peaceful process. We cannot achieve justice through injus-tice. So where do we go from here? We know that nothing we can say will take away the hurt, but here is what we can do to narrow the gap between us: First, we must pursue justice. When I served for 8 years as Hennepin County attorney, which is the chief prosecutor of our county, the largest county in our State, I always believed that my job—and the principle we would use when we looked at a case—was to con-vict the guilty and protect the inno-cent. That is what justice calls us to do. That is why I have joined with other members of the Federal delega-tion—Senator F
RANKEN , Congress-woman M
CCOLLUM , and Congressman E
LLISON —in calling for a Federal inves-tigation into Philando Castile’s death. We need to understand what happened and how we can prevent this from hap-pening again. Philando, his family, and all those children who loved him de-serve nothing less. Second, we must fight for a criminal justice system that works for every-one. We all know people who have been caught up in a criminal justice system that can be harsh and unfair. It can do the right thing and it can protect vic-tims, but it can also destroy individual people and it can pull families apart. That is why we must pass criminal jus-tice reform. I have long supported im-portant policy changes. My State was one of the first that videotaped interro-gations, and that ended up being a good thing, not only for the defendants but actually for our police officers and those seeking convictions. I have sup-ported reforms to the eyewitness proc-ess. I have supported body cameras, di-versity in hiring, law enforcement re-sources and training—very important as we go ahead and look at what we should be focused on in the next year— and meaningful, meaningful work be-tween law enforcement and our citi-zens. What else do we need? In my mind, we need commonsense gun reform. I was proud to join my colleagues on the Senate floor demanding changes to make our communities safer. One of those changes, in addition to the terror watch list bill, was to make sure we find some kind of consensus on improv-ing background checks. The Senate’s failure to pass bipartisan background check legislation has been a big dis-appointment. Here we had two A-rated NRA Senators that came together. Senator TOOMEY as well as Senator M
ANCHIN came up with a bill that would have closed some loopholes that would have made it safer. We know that States that have those back-ground checks in place have reduced rates of suicides by guns, and they also have reduced rates of domestic homi-cides. I still remember those Sandy Hook parents in my office advocating for that change in the bill. They knew that wouldn’t have saved their babies, but they also knew it was one of the things that could best save lives going forward and could best bring consensus in this Chamber. From my time as county attorney, I remember those little children lost to violence: Byron Phillips was a little boy killed on his north Minneapolis front porch. We had to put up billboards in the com-munity saying: If you know who killed me, come forward. Eventually, it worked, and we put the guy in jail. Tyesha Edwards was killed by a bul-let while doing her homework at her kitchen table. Her mom said: Get your homework done, and you can go out with us to the mall. That is how she died. Again, we put the guys that did it in jail, but that is not compensation for what happened to that family. Americans from across the Nation and across the political spectrum sup-port commonsense proposals. They sup-port commonsense background checks closing the loophole at gun shows by wide margins. In honor of those we have lost in Charleston and Orlando, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.017 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4964 July 12, 2016 
San Bernardino, Newtown, Aurora, north Minneapolis, and cities across the Nation, I will continue to stand with my colleagues until we take ac-tion on these commonsense measures. I am reminded of President Obama’s beautiful words at a service remem-bering more Americans lost to gun vio-lence—this time in Charleston, SC. He said this: 
For too long, we’ve been blind to the unique mayhem that gun violence inflicts upon this nation. Sporadically, our eyes are open: When eight of our brothers and sisters are cut down in a church basement, 12 in a movie theater, 26 in an elementary school. But I hope we also see the 30 precious lives cut short by gun violence in this country every single day; the countless more whose lives are forever changed—the survivors crip-pled, the children traumatized and fearful every day as they walk to school, the hus-band who will never feel his wife’s warm touch, the entire communities whose grief overflows every time they have to watch what happened to them happen to some other place. 
My friends, we must stem the tide. But we also know that justice in our laws—which means the criminal justice reform that I noted earlier, which means commonsense gun reforms, which means making sure that these cases are investigated and the law is followed no matter what the victims’ race or ethnic background or how much money they have—must happen to bring justice to these families. But the other part of this, as I look at our neighborhoods that are affected by this every single day, is economic justice. In the famous words of Dr. Martin Lu-ther King: 
We know that it isn’t enough to integrate lunch counters. What does it profit a man to be able to eat at an integrated lunch counter if he doesn’t earn enough money to buy a hamburger and a cup of coffee? 
When we see lingering disparities— and ‘‘lingering’’ is kind of a nerdy word for what we are talking about here. When we see these disparities of eco-nomics, when we see health disparities, when we see far too many families working so hard but still struggling to get ahead, and stubborn achievement gaps in our schools, we know there is so much more work to do. The solu-tions here are a deep commitment to an economic future for the people that live in our cities, to make sure they have access to the jobs that are start-ing to open up all over this country, that they are trained—that we look at what is happening in their schools and make sure that the training they get matches jobs that are open. We have jobs all over our State now in tech-nology, in science, in manufacturing and welding, and this is giving those kids hope—not just in community col-leges and regular colleges, not just in high school, but in middle school—that they are going to be able to get one of these jobs. That is economic hope. It is about training our kids, keeping them in school, opening the doors of our businesses, big and small, to people of neighborhoods like the one that I was in yesterday in St. Paul. Finally, we must all work to protect the innocents among us. That is what I started talking about—how we must convict the guilty and protect the in-nocent, especially our children. Two- year-olds should not be shot and killed on the streets of north Minneapolis. Four-year-olds should not watch a man die in the car seat right in front of them. Nobody should have to explain to a classroom of children why their beloved friend ‘‘Mr. Phil’’ doesn’t feed them lunch anymore. We are better than this. I recently visited a mosque in Min-neapolis and heard the story of a Mus-lim family who had gone out to eat at a restaurant—two parents, two kids. The parents, by the way, had been through 9/11 and understood what had happened then but have been able to live in our community, where we have the largest Somali population in our country, without a lot of discrimina-tion, without a lot of hateful words even after 9/11. But not this time. They were in the restaurant with their little kids, and a guy walked by and said: You four go home. You go home to where you came from. The little girl looked up at her mom and said: Mom, I don’t want to go home. You said we could eat dinner out tonight. I don’t want to go home and eat dinner. Those are the innocent words of a child. As sweet and funny as it is, think about this: She knows no other home. She didn’t even know what that guy was talking about because she knows no other home, because Min-nesota is her home, because the United States of America is her home. America is better than angry words directed at strangers in a restaurant. America is better than babies being shot on the street in broad daylight. America is better than Philando Cas-tile losing his life. And America is bet-ter than throwing concrete chunks at police officers in St. Paul and five Dal-las cops being taken from their beat forever. So I am here today to stand with the people who are not satisfied with how things are—the people who are ready to work to make things better, the people who are the helpers and the peace-makers. Together, we can make this world a better place, and more just. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Utah. 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY BILL  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, the Sen-ate will soon vote on the conference re-port for the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. The importance of this bill cannot be overstated. People are dying, families are suffering, com-munities are being torn apart. We can help, but we must do so now. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this legislation, which passed in the House last week with only five votes in opposition. The bill is intended to ad-dress the growing national crisis with regard to opioid abuse and addiction. The staggering statistics surrounding this issue are well known and are worth repeating. Every day, approxi-mately 7,000 people show up in an emergency room for problems associ-ated with opioid abuse. Every 30 min-utes, on average, someone in our coun-try dies from conditions that are opioid related. My home State of Utah has been par-ticularly hard hit. In 2014, 289 Utahans died due to opioid abuse. That is more than half of all drug overdose related deaths in the State. The CARA con-ference report represents a thoughtful set of policies that tackle the problems experienced by the real people—with families, children, and friends—who are represented by these statistics. A letter signed by over 200 advocacy organizations supporting the con-ference report states that the report addresses the ‘‘six pillars’’ of a com-prehensive response to drug addiction crises. These pillars are prevention, treatment, recovery support, criminal justice reform, overdose reversal, and law enforcement. I am proud of the role I played in not only supporting the CARA effort but in helping to shape the conference report. As the chairman of the Finance Com-mittee, it was important to me that the report include key improvements for Medicare in the fight against opioid abuse. I am glad to say we were suc-cessful in that regard. The legislation allows Medicare Part D prescription drug plans to identify only one physi-cian to prescribe and one pharmacy to fill all of an at-risk patient’s opioid prescriptions. Senator TOOMEY , who has worked closely with Senator B
ROWN , has been an important leader on this policy. Both of them have been excellent. He should be commended for his work that, in the end, will improve patient care, reduce abuse, and give at-risk beneficiaries more opportunities to get the help they need. Additionally, the conference report contains significant provisions related to medication-assisted treatment, or MAT, which has long been a priority for me. I have a long history of work-ing to improve access to drugs like buprenorphine as a prescription treat-ment for opioid-use disorders, includ-ing heroin and prescription drug addic-tion. I was the author, together with Sen-ators L
EVIN and B IDEN of the DATA 2000 law that first made it possible for patients to be prescribed buprenorphine. I would also like to note that colleagues like Senators M
ARKEY and P AULhave also been very able champions in our recent efforts to expand access to this effective drug treatment, including the introduction of legislation and our push to get the administration to use its regulatory authority to address this need. Our efforts helped to encourage the drafting of an HHS rule that was final-ized on July 6, the same day as the CARA conference meeting. This rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.020 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4965 July 12, 2016 
raises an individual doctor’s patient cap for buprenorphine from 100 patients to 275 patients. Thanks to these com-bined administrative and legislative ef-forts, patients will have greater access to the medication-assisted treatment they need in their recovery from sub-stance abuse disorders. I am pleased, as well, to see provi-sions included in this legislation that encourage the National Institutes of Health to intensify fundamental, translational, and clinical research on the understanding of pain. The hope is that this kind of research will lead to alternatives to opioids for effective pain treatment. These few lines within the legislation will have a significant influence on our understanding of how opioid abuse and chronic pain impact our families and communities. Another set of highlights in the con-ference report are the provisions de-signed to protect infants born to moth-ers suffering from opioid addiction. Reuters reported that, roughly every 19 minutes, a child is born with an opioid dependency in the United States. That statistic is astounding. My home State is not spared from this heartbreaking problem. A recent Utah Health Status Update indicated that, between 2009 and 2012, more than 100 babies each year tested positive for illicit drugs at birth. Once enacted, CARA will strengthen the existing plan of safe care for infants born and identi-fied as affected by substance abuse or withdrawal symptoms, as well as fetal alcohol spectrum disorder. Hopefully, this will be an effective step to address what is a tragic problem for too many American children. As you can see, these are issues that have been in need of sensible solutions for some time. As such, I wish to em-phasize that the process that has brought us here to the precipice of passing CARA is nearly as impressive as the conference report itself. Senator P
ORTMAN , from Ohio, long-time advocate on these issues, has worked tirelessly alongside Senator W
HITEHOUSE , from Rhode Island, for roughly 3 years to shepherd this effort through the Senate. Those two gentle-men deserve a lot of credit and support, and I am glad that politics around this situation have been reduced so they can get this bill through. Senator A
YOTTE , who also deserves a tremendous amount of support and re-spect here, has also been a champion for those afflicted by these problems. Also, Senator A
YOTTE deserves a lot of praise for all of her hard work. She un-derstands this problem probably more than a lot of others, as her work in law enforcement helped her to do so. Sen-ators P
ORTMAN , W HITEHOUSE , and A
YOTTE heard from the individuals and families who are afflicted in dealing with these issues, and they did an out-standing job to craft policies to address these needs. All three of them deserve a great deal of respect and support. Under Chairman G
RASSLEY ’s leader-ship, CARA was reported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee. He did a great job in committee. I was on the committee. The original bill then came to the Senate floor, where Senators were able to offer amendments. The Senate passed the amended version by a vote of 94 to 1. A similar process played out in the House, with the House passing its opioid package by a vote of 400 to 5. I was pleased to serve on the conference committee that produced what should be the final draft of this report legisla-tion. There were many similarities be-tween the House and Senate bills, and we were able to resolve our few dif-ferences in a way that produced an im-proved CARA bill. I want to commend Representative FRED UPTON , the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee—he is a great friend of mine— who was instrumental to the House ef-fort and who also very ably chaired the conference committee. F
RED UPTON is one of the great people in this body, as are the others that I mentioned. As I alluded to earlier, the House passed the conference report this past Friday by a vote of 407 to 5. In other words, over the past several months, there have been three major votes in the two congressional Chambers, and the support has been overwhelming. Counting every vote collectively, the bill has received around 900 yea votes in Congress and less than a dozen nays. Do you know how many of those votes in opposition have been cast by a Dem-ocrat? One. A single House Democrat voted against passage of the original House opioid package. Every voting Democrat in the Senate voted in favor of our version of the bill. I commend them for that. Last week, every House Democrat who was present voted in favor of the conference report. I commend them for that. I note these facts not to unduly inject partisanship into this discussion but because we have heard rumblings that a number of Senate Democrats may want to hold up the process in order to extract more concessions. Some have actually suggested that, de-spite regular order and the overwhelm-ingly bipartisan support this legisla-tion has enjoyed thus far, Senate pas-sage of the CARA conference report is in doubt. I find this hard to believe, and I hope it is not true. A few weeks ago, the White House urged Democrats in Congress to ‘‘slow-down’’ the effort to finalize an opioid package. Thankfully, this was met ap-propriately with outrage. All of us, Re-publicans and Democrats, now have a tremendous opportunity to give vital assistance to many Americans in need and to do so with, hopefully, an almost unanimous voice. These days, we don’t often get to do that around here. We should not let partisan politics get in the way of this pressing issue. Like I said, more than 200 advocacy and stakeholder groups that have been involved throughout this process have urged passage of this conference report. Individuals suffering from these afflic-tions, as well as their families and friends, are crying out for help. The House of Representatives heeded their call. The Senate must do the same. I want to commend the majority leader for moving swiftly to bring this important legislation up for a vote. I think it is absolutely essential that we act before Congress breaks for the re-cess. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the CARA conference report. Let’s send it to the President’s desk this week and deliver results for those Americans who are depending on us. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. TRAGEDY IN DALLAS AND GUN POLICY  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I am coming to the floor once again to ex-press my condolences to the families of those who were lost in Dallas—the fam-ilies of Brent Thompson, Michael Krol, Patrick Zamarripa, Lorne Ahrens, and Michael Smith. In Connecticut, we know the ripples of loss that really never end in a community like Dallas and a community like Orlando. There is going to be a long period of healing. Our thoughts and our prayers and any help we can provide from those of us who represent Connecticut and Sandy Hook, specifically, extend to those in Dallas. In the wake of another tragedy, I wanted to come down to the floor for a short period of time—I know my col-leagues are waiting to speak—to talk about some of the very irresponsible rhetoric that gets tossed around when it comes to this debate over the future of gun policy in this country. I want to take 5 or 10 minutes to talk about what is the biggest lie used by the gun lobby in this debate, and it is this: The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun, is a good guy with a gun. This isn’t true. It has never been true. It will never be true. It is, quite simply, an invention designed by the gun industry to sell more guns, to con-vince Americans that laws and rules cannot protect them, and that the only thing that can keep them safe from being shot is to buy expensive weapons and expensive ammunition that pad the profits of the big gun companies. It is time we call this lie what it is. It is a marketing gimmick for gun companies, plain and simple: The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun, is a good guy with a gun. Let me be clear. I don’t quarrel with anyone who decides to buy a weapon for self-defense. That is your decision. That is your call. Last week I met in my office with women from Con-necticut who came to my office to tell me about their belief that owning a weapon is instrumental to their ability to protect themselves. One woman told me a story of repelling an attacker with a gun that was in her purse, and her sincere belief is she would not be alive today if it weren’t for the weapon that was on her person. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.021 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4966 July 12, 2016 
I support the Second Amendment, and I accept that the Supreme Court has made it clear that this amendment protects the ability of anyone to buy a weapon for self-defense, subject to cer-tain commonsense limitations. But if you are buying a weapon because you think that owning one makes you less likely to be killed by a gun, then you are wrong. If you are standing in the way of policies that crack down on ille-gal or dangerous weapons on our street because you believe in some kind of gun control Darwinism—a world in which the good guys with guns eventu-ally shoot all the bad guys with guns— then you have it backwards because that is not how it works. You know how I know this? Because study after study tells us that owning a gun makes you more likely to be killed by that gun than to use it to kill someone who threatens you. Studies show that in countries and States with more guns, there are generally not less gun deaths but more gun deaths, like the study in the New England Journal of Medicine that showed a gun in your house doesn’t make you less likely to be killed. It isn’t even risk neutral. Having a gun in your home actually in-creases your chance of getting killed by a gun by anywhere from 40 percent to 170 percent. How about the study in the American Journal of Epidemiology that showed that people living in a house with a gun are 90 percent more likely to die from a homicide than a person who lives in a house without a gun. What about the study from the Vio-lence Policy Center that showed that instances of guns being used in self-de-fense are so rare that on average there are 44 criminal homicides with guns for every time a gun is used for protection in a justifiable homicide. How about one more study. The Har-vard Injury Control Research Center study showed that in States and com-munities with greater gun availability, gun homicide rates were higher, not lower, than in communities and States with lower gun availability. It is your decision whether or not to buy a gun. There are certainly instances where it may make sense, and I don’t begrudge the individual who makes that deci-sion, but the data tells us only one story. The actual real, live experience of living in a nation awash in guns shows that contrary to the gun lobby sloganeering, the opposite of their claim is actually true. The more good guys there are who have guns, the more good guys die from guns. We have no clear or more horrifying example of this truth than last weekend in Dallas, TX. Texas is an open carry State, mean-ing that anyone who can legally buy a semiautomatic weapon can walk around the streets of Dallas or any other community with that weapon at-tached to them. Reports suggest that there were perhaps 30 people openly carrying AR–15-style weapons at Satur-day’s protest. Some were also wearing camouflage, bulletproof vests, and gas masks. There were also dozens and doz-ens of police officers on hand, all of them expertly trained and heavily armed. Between the 30 heavily armed civilians and dozens of police officers, there were more good guys with guns in the vicinity of this one very bad guy with a gun than at nearly any other crime scene in recent memory, and it led to chaos. Here is what Dallas Police Chief Brown said in the wake of the shoot-ing: 
We’re trying as best we can as a law en-forcement community to make it work so that citizens can express their Second Amendment rights, but it’s increasingly challenging when people have AR–15s slung over their shoulder and they’re in a crowd. We don’t know who the good guy is versus the bad guy when everyone starts shooting. 
All of those guns in the hands of good-hearted civilians and trained po-lice officers—and what killed the snip-er, Micah Johnson? It wasn’t a gun. It was an explosive device attached to the end of a robot on wheels. Eleven brave police officers fired their weapons at Micah Johnson. Dozens of armed civil-ians theoretically had the opportunity to defend themselves and their fellow protesters, but one deranged man, armed with an antique rifle and 30- round magazines strategically posi-tioned above his targets, was unharmed by all of those good guys with guns, just as Jared Lee Loughner was unharmed by a civilian with a gun in the parking lot of the supermarket where he shot Congresswoman Gabby Giffords in the head, and just as the armed security guard in Pulse night-club couldn’t do anything about Omar Matteen as he executed 49 young men and women. It is just like what hap-pened to Nancy Lanza, who thought the guns in her home would protect her and her son from harm, only for them to be used by her son to murder her in her sleep and then massacre 20 first graders and 6 of their educators. If you want to buy a gun for self-de-fense, that is your call, but before making that purchase, understand that the gun lobby is lying to you. If a bad guy has a gun and wants to kill, there is very little that can be done to stop him once the tragedy is in motion. The best policy is to stop madmen and kill-ers from getting these dangerous weap-ons in the first place. Dallas Police Chief Brown said to us: 
Do your job. We are doing ours. We’re put-ting our lives on the line. The other aspects of government need to step up and help us. 
When Connecticut implemented a law requiring a permit to be issued be-fore a gun is issued, gun homicides dropped by 40 percent. In States that require background checks for private handgun sales—listen to this—48 per-cent fewer law enforcement officers are shot to death by handguns, and in States with universal background checks, women are 46 percent less like-ly to be shot by their intimate partner than in States without universal checks. This isn’t conjecture. Good laws save lives. Concentrate on passing laws that keep dangerous weapons out of the hands of criminals and killers, and you will save lives. Load up your streets, schools, and shopping malls with weap-ons and just hope that the good guys will eventually outshoot the bad guys, and people will be killed. People across this country have fig-ured it out, and that is why they sup-port expanded background checks by an astounding ratio of 90 percent to 10 percent. There is no public policy in this country that is supported by 90 percent of Americans. They know that smart firearms laws save lives, and so they support universal background checks by a ratio of 9 to 1. It is also why there are fewer and fewer Amer-ican families buying guns. It makes sense for some people, and I am not de-nying that. A new CBS News poll shows that gun ownership is at a near 40-year low with only 36 percent of Americans reporting that they own a gun. That is down 17 points from its highest rate in 1994 and down a whopping 10 points from just 4 years ago, but be fore-warned, this development will simply propel the gun lobby to be even bolder in spreading its lies about the effects of gun ownership. Just two weekends ago the head of the NRA went on national TV and told Americans that the only way to pro-tect themselves from terrorism is to have a personal defense plan. That means, if you didn’t parse his words, to go out and buy a gun from a gun com-pany and help the industry stem this tide of declining gun ownership all in the name of collective self-defense. Well, it is a lie. Good guys with guns generally don’t stop bad guys with guns. They didn’t in Dallas. Good laws that keep illegal and dangerous weap-ons off of our streets, that make sure that only law-abiding, peaceful citizens are obtaining weapons—those laws stop bad guys. When you strip away all of the rhetoric driven by the gun industry profit motivations, that is the truth. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my re-marks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, over the past 4 months, the Islamic State has carried out two deadly terrorist at-tacks at airports. Taken together, these two attacks—one at Brussels Air-port and one at Istanbul’s Ataturk Air-port—resulted in more than 500 injuries and more than 70 deaths. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.022 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4967 July 12, 2016 
Since September 11, airport security efforts have emphasized securing air-craft against hijackings, but the Brus-sels and Istanbul bombings highlight other airport security vulnerabilities. As these attacks demonstrate, it is not just planes that are vulnerable. Both the Brussels and Istanbul attacks sought to exploit the largely unpro-tected areas outside the principal secu-rity checkpoints where the attackers could detonate bombs outside of screening. The large crowds of people who congregate in nonsecured areas of an airport—like security checkpoints, check-in counters, and baggage claim— make appealing targets for terrorists who like nothing better than maximum loss of life with minimum effort. This week, the Senate will take up the Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization bill, which will di-rectly address the vulnerabilities ex-posed by these attacks. It will ensure that attacks like those that happened in Brussels and Istanbul don’t happen at American airports. While this bill has gained new ur-gency in the wake of the bombings in Istanbul and Brussels, the reforms in this bill are not a hasty response to these attacks. Instead, they are the product of months of Commerce Com-mittee oversight of our Nation’s trans-portation safety agencies and extensive Commerce Committee analysis of air-port security vulnerabilities. I am proud that the bill we are con-sidering today is the most significant airport security reform bill that Con-gress has considered in a decade. As I have already mentioned, one problem that the Brussels and Istanbul attacks highlighted in great detail is the tempting terrorist target offered by large crowds of people in unsecured areas of airports. The FAA bill address-es that problem in a number of ways. For starters, this bill includes provi-sions to get more Americans enrolled in the TSA’s PreCheck program. Ex-panding enrollment in PreCheck will reduce wait times at security, which will help reduce the size of crowds waiting in unsecured areas. The bill also directs the TSA to more effectively deploy its personnel during high-volume travel times to speed up wait time at checkpoints. It also re-quires the TSA to develop and test new security systems that expedite the movement of passengers through secu-rity. Another important measure we can take to prevent attacks like those in Brussels and Istanbul is increasing the security presence in unsecured areas of airports. The FAA bill adds more prevention and response security teams, which often include K–9 units, and expands training for local airport security per-sonnel so the airports are better able to deter or respond to bombers or ac-tive shooter threats. Increasing secu-rity at our Nation’s airports and expe-diting security checks will go a long way toward preventing terrorist at-tacks, but threats at U.S. airports are not only threats facing U.S. airline passengers. Americans travel inter-nationally on a regular basis, and on their return flights they depend on the quality of airport security in other countries. Part of protecting the trav-eling public is making sure that Ameri-cans traveling to other countries are safe when they return to the United States. To increase security for Americans traveling abroad, the FAA bill that we will pass this week authorizes the TSA to donate unneeded screening equip-ment to foreign airports with direct flights to the United States. It will strengthen cooperation between U.S. security officials and security officials in other countries and authorize the TSA to support training for foreign air-port security personnel. It requires the TSA to conduct assessments of secu-rity that have received less attention at foreign airports and foreign cargo security programs. Another aspect of airport security that has received less attention but is equally important is the need to make sure that individuals who work behind the scenes at airports don’t pose a threat. In October of 2015, terrorists killed 224 people when they brought down Russian Metrojet flight 9268 shortly after it departed Sharm el- Sheikh airport in Egypt. Many experts believe that the terrorists responsible had help from an airport worker. En-suring that airport workers are trust-worthy is essential to keeping pas-sengers safe. However, at times the se-curity badges that permit individuals to work behind the scenes at airports have been issued to individuals who have no business holding them. Right now in the United States individuals with convictions for crimes, including embezzlement, sabotage, racketeering, immigration violations, and assault with a deadly weapon can all obtain se-curity badges granting them access to restricted sections of an airport. While most criminals are not terror-ists, there are too many criminals who, for the right price, would happily ex-pand their criminal activities even if it involved assisting terrorists. In fact, in March of this year, an airline ramp agent was arrested in a Florida airport with $282,400 in cash that he allegedly intended to hand off to an unknown in-dividual. News reports indicated that he was aware the money was connected to illegal activity but knew little else. In other words, he could easily have been transporting money to terrorists without being any the wiser. The FAA bill that we will pass this week tightens vetting of anyone with access to secure areas of an airport and expands the list of criminal convic-tions that could disqualify someone from holding a security badge. This bill also provides for an increase in random searches of behind-the-scenes airport workers who are not always subject to security screening the way passengers are. I am very proud of everything this FAA bill achieves in terms of security. This is the most comprehensive airport security package in a decade, and it will help us make real progress toward keeping airline passengers safer, and that is not all. In addition to its robust security package, this bill puts in place a num-ber of other important measures, among them new consumer protec-tions. For example, this legislation will require airlines to refund package fees for lost or unreasonably delayed baggage so passengers will not have to spend a ton of time tracking down a re-fund when the airline doesn’t deliver. It will also make sure airlines have policies that will help families trav-eling with children sit together on flights. It also takes steps to improve air travel for individuals with disabil-ities, and it ensures that Americans in rural areas will continue to have access to reliable air service. The bill also takes measures to sup-port the general aviation community. It streamlines the requirements for the third-class medical certificate for non-commercial pilots so private pilots don’t face unnecessary bureaucracy when obtaining their medical qualifica-tion, and to reduce the risk of acci-dents for low-altitude fliers like agri-cultural applications, the bill requires highly visible markings on small tow-ers that could impose a hazard to pi-lots. On the aviation safety front, this bill updates current law to reflect the rapid advances in technology we have seen over the last few years—most notably drones. This bill includes provisions to deploy technology that will work to keep drones out of the path of air-liners, which is particularly important given reports of near-miss collisions by airline pilots. It will also deter drone operators from interfering with emer-gency response efforts like wildfire suppression, and, in addition to fos-tering drone safety, this bill authorizes expanded research opportunities and operations that will further the inte-gration of drones into our Nation’s air-space. Since we took control of the Senate in January of 2015, Republicans have focused on passing legislation to ad-dress the challenges facing the Amer-ican people in our country. I am proud that with this bill, we have found a way to make our increasingly dan-gerous world a little safer for Ameri-cans. I am grateful to my colleagues who contributed to this bill, particu-larly my Democratic counterpart in the conference committee, Senator N
ELSON . Senator A
YOTTE also led numerous subcommittee hearings in the Aviation Subcommittee to get the bill on a path to success, and both of us appreciate the contributions of Senator C
ANT-
WELL , our Aviation Subcommittee ranking member. This bill is an example of what can happen when Democrats and Repub-licans work together to get things done for the American people. I look forward 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.024 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4968 July 12, 2016 
to sending our legislation to the Presi-dent for his signature later this week. 
UNITED STATES APPRECIATION FOR OLYMPIANS  
AND PARALYMPIANS BILL  
Mr. President, I also wish to speak for just a moment, if I can today, about a bill that hopefully will pass the Sen-ate later today as well. In just a few weeks, our Olympic ath-letes will head to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, for the 2016 Olympic games. The following month, America’s Paralympic athletes will compete in the Rio Paralympic games. These ath-letes represent what is best about our country. They embody the timeless values of hard work, dedication, and sportsmanship. Our Olympic and Paralympic ath-letes—and their families—have made innumerable sacrifices over the many years of training it takes to become a world-class competitor. Training is not cheap, and the vast majority of our amateur athletes put it all on the line without the help of sponsors or en-dorsement deals to subsidize their ex-penses. Many of these athletes have spent virtually their entire lives training for this moment, and I have absolutely no doubt these brave young men and women will represent our Nation with great honor and distinction. America’s Olympic and Paralympic medal winners, in particular, will be greeted with much enthusiasm and great appreciation upon their return. Local communities across America will find ways to honor their returning hometown heroes. Unfortunately, one of the ways the Federal Government will welcome home our Olympic and Paralympic champions is by greeting them with a new tax bill. That is right. The Internal Revenue Service considers these medals to be income and will tax the value of any gold, silver, or bronze medal awarded in competition as well as any incentive award our athletes re-ceive from the U.S. Olympic Com-mittee. I believe this tax penalty on our Olympic heroes is wrong, and that is why earlier this year I introduced S. 2650, the United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act. This legislation—introduced with Senators S
CHUMER , G ARDNER , G ILLI-
BRAND , and I SAKSON —would ensure that America rewards the sacrifice and hard work of Team USA by exempting from Federal tax the medals and cash prizes they win at the Olympics and Paralympics. I am pleased my legislation will pass the Senate later today, sending a strong signal to our athletes as they depart to the 2016 games that their Na-tion stands behind them. I urge the House of Representatives to take up and pass this legislation before the House adjourns for the August recess. America’s Olympic and Paralympic athletes deserve not only our admira-tion and respect but also a tax system that acknowledges the many years of training and sacrifice they have en-dured. Because training for the Olym-pics is not considered a business enter-prise, our athletes cannot deduct the substantial costs they incur over the years as they prepare to represent America on the world stage. Most countries not only compensate their athletes but also subsidize their training expenses with taxpayer dol-lars. Our athletes make considerable fi-nancial sacrifices to train for the Olympics and Paralympics and as ama-teurs receive no compensation for their training. The very least we can do is ensure they don’t receive a tax penalty when they successfully represent our Nation in the highest level of athletic competition. Simply put, when it comes to our vic-torious Olympic and Paralympic ath-letes, we should celebrate their achievements rather than tax their success. CONGRATULATING PAIGE MCPHERSON  
Mr. President, I would also like to take this opportunity to extend my congratulations and best wishes to one of Team USA’s shining stars; that is, South Dakota’s own Paige McPherson. Paige grew up in Sturgis, SD, grad-uating from Black Hills Classical Christian Academy in 2009. She will be competing in Taekwondo at the Rio games and will be striving for her sec-ond medal in a row, after claiming a bronze medal at the London Olympic Games in 2012. I know Paige will represent Amer-ica—and South Dakota—with great dis-tinction next month, as will all of our Olympic and Paralympic competitors. I wish to thank the original cospon-sors of my legislation, whom I men-tioned earlier, as well as Finance Com-mittee Chairman H
ATCH and Senators S
ULLIVAN and M ORAN for their support. I look forward to seeing our legislation enacted into law this year, and I wish all of our Olympians and Paralympians the very best of luck in Rio. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:53 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
ENERGY POLICY MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2015—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 2:30 p.m. will be controlled by the Senator from California, Mrs. B
OXER , or her designee; the time from 2:30 p.m. to 3 p.m. will be controlled by the majority; and the time from 3 p.m. to 3:30 p.m. will be controlled by the two managers. The Senator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be permitted to speak for 15 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. TRAGEDY OF VIOLENCE  
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I stand here as one of the two Senators from the largest State in the Union to recog-nize that there is a hole in the heart of America today as we cope with the tragedy of violence on all sides. I am working on comprehensive remarks be-cause I am doing it more, in a way, for myself, and those are not prepared right now, but right now I want to send my deepest condolences to those who are suffering, who have lost loved ones, be those loved ones police officers or community members, and for that matter, so many Americans, so many American families who suffer losses be-cause of violence every day. It is crit-ical that we address this issue. I com-pliment the voices on all sides—the voices of compassion, reason, and love—and I hope I can add my voice to their voices. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. President, what several of us are doing on another topic is calling atten-tion to the web of denial that is being peddled in our Nation by special inter-ests and their think tanks and organi-zations that are working to undermine peer-reviewed climate science. Their goal is to create uncertainty and to delay action on the biggest environ-mental and public health threat we face today. Climate change is real, human activi-ties are the primary cause, and the warming planet poses a significant threat to our people and to our envi-ronment. That is not my opinion. I am the first one to say I am not a sci-entist. I rely on scientists, and 97 per-cent of them have said that climate change is real and human activity is the primary cause. The level of scientific certainty on manmade climate change is about the same as the consensus among top sci-entists that cigarettes are deadly, but some of you may remember that up until the late 1990s, the tobacco indus-try scoffed at the best available science proving that tobacco is addictive and causes cancer. No one in today’s world would argue with the fact that tobacco is addictive and causes cancer. In the 1990s, there was a campaign of denial, just as there is for climate change now. Year after year, the tobacco industry attacked the science that showed the link between cigarettes and the threat to human health, as well as the Sur-geon General’s warning that nicotine was as addictive as heroin and cocaine. Let me share a few of the statements made by or on behalf of the tobacco in-dustry. In 1970, the Tobacco Institute adver-tised that the scientific finding that proved a connection between cigarette smoking and lung cancer was wrong. They said: ‘‘The Tobacco Institute does not—and the public should not—accept these claims at face value.’’ In 1971, Joseph Cullman, the chair-man of Philip Morris, said: ‘‘We do not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.025 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4969 July 12, 2016 
believe cigarettes are hazardous; we don’t accept that.’’ In 1988, a lobbyist from the Tobacco Institute submitted written testimony for a congressional hearing stating: ‘‘In sum, there is no medical or scientific basis for viewing cigarette smoking as an ‘addiction.’ The effort to disparage cigarette smoking as an ‘addiction’ can only detract from our society’s at-tempt to meet its serious drug prob-lem.’’ That was what the cigarette companies said. At congressional hearings in 1994, ex-ecutives from the seven biggest to-bacco companies testified that they be-lieved nicotine was not addictive. Do you remember the picture of them swearing to that fact? A tobacco industry doctor said: ‘‘The proposed addiction warning and the as-sumption upon which it is founded are based neither in science nor fact and will have unintended harmful results.’’ This is the tobacco company doctor saying that if you warn people, it will have unintended harmful results. Sure—for his bosses, the tobacco com-panies, who are paying his salary. In 1998, Walker Merryman, vice presi-dent and chief spokesman for the To-bacco Institute, said: ‘‘We don’t believe it has ever been established that smok-ing is the cause of disease.’’ The reason I spent so much time going through that painful history is that a lot of people died of cancer be-cause the tobacco companies and their think tanks would not tell the truth to the American people. That is why a lot of people died. At the end of the day, the tobacco companies failed, but there are so many bodies out there because of their heavily funded propaganda campaign. When the people knew the truth, Amer-ica’s smoking dropped from 42 percent in 1964 to 15 percent in 2015. To any-body out there who is still addicted, I pray God that they will get help. There are very few things where we know the cause and effect. We know the cause and effect of smoking—it is not good. Investigative reporting has clearly shown that those who led the fight against health warnings on tobacco have been involved in the climate de-nial movement from the beginning. Just as Big Tobacco denied that smok-ing was dangerous to people’s health, Big Oil and other special interests have tried to undermine scientists’ warnings about harmful climate pollution by claiming that climate change does not exist. So we had Big Tobacco spreading the big lie that smoking was non-addictive—they even said at one point that it was good for you—and Big Oil telling us that there is no climate change, that it is a hoax. But if we look at the 97 percent of scientists, what have they told us we are going to see? Higher temperatures, more ex-treme weather, severe droughts, in-creased wildfires, decreasing polar ice, and rising sea levels. That is what 97 percent of the scientists said would happen. Guess what. It is happening. Don’t take my word for it. Let me give specifics. Mr. President, 2015 was the hottest year on record. Every month of this year continues to set records. Sea levels are rising many times faster than they have in the last 2,800 years. The 2015 wildfire season was the costliest on record, with $1.71 billion spent. California, my fantastic home State, is suffering from its worst drought in modern history, and sci-entists are predicting megadroughts. Rising temperatures are expected to worsen air quality and threaten public health. The American public sees what is happening, and they understand the need to act. Seventy-one percent of Americans supported the historic Paris agreement to address climate change by reducing harmful carbon pollution. A March 2016 Gallup Poll shows that 64 percent of Americans—the highest per-centage since 2008—are worried about climate change. Gallup also found that between 2009 and 2015, a decline in pub-lic concern about climate change was linked to a well-publicized campaign of misinformation about climate science. The fossil fuel industry took a page right out of the tobacco company’s playbook, supporting a network of or-ganizations that create a false sense of uncertainty. So let me tell you that I have joined my colleagues on a resolu-tion condemning the effort by the fos-sil fuel industry to discredit climate science, just as the tobacco industry worked to discredit science that proved tobacco causes cancer. I want to work with my colleagues to call attention to this web of denial. There are organizations out there— they have beautiful names. They are funded by ExxonMobil, they are funded by the Koch brothers, and organiza-tions like DonorsTrust, which hides the identities of funders and was called the Dark Money ATM in the press. Dark money is a good description be-cause the deep pockets of Big Oil and other special interests have been mis-leading the American people for many years. As I close my presentation, I want to talk to you briefly about three organi-zations based in my home State: the Reason Foundation, the Pacific Re-search Institute for Public Policy, and the Hoover Institution. These three or-ganizations have been involved in ef-forts to undermine climate science. The Reason Foundation has been churning out materials to raise uncer-tainty. The Hoover Institution, which is affiliated with Stanford University— which has so many wonderful things to commend it, but in my opinion not this—has been identified by the re-searchers as part of the climate countermovement. I have great respect for the work former Secretary of State George Shultz and others are doing at Hoover. However, I have to point out many articles published under Hoover’s name have created uncertainty about climate science, trying to undermine the need for action. The third organization is Pacific Re-search Institute, which is a free mar-ket think tank that published a num-ber of anti-climate science materials, including the ‘‘Almanac of Environ-mental Trends.’’ Just last month, 31 major scientific organizations basi-cally said there is strong evidence that ongoing climate change is having broad negative impacts on society, in-cluding natural resources, the global economy, and human health. For the United States, climate change impacts include greater threats of extreme weather, sea level rise, in-creased risk of regional water scarcity, heat waves, wildfires, disturbance of bi-ological systems. We expect to see this increase. This is what the real sci-entists are saying, the ones who care about our people, our environment. They don’t get their paychecks from Big Oil and those who stand to lose if we turn to clean energy. So the scientists who work for that money from the Koch brothers, this is what they say: The world is warming far less quickly than we thought. A lit-tle warming will also extend growing seasons. Now consider the dire pre-diction regarding global warming and think of climate like golf. It is easy to see where the ball has landed but dif-ficult to construct a model to predict with much confidence where the next ball will land. We have many other comments by these sham groups that are funded by Big Oil, by the special interests, just like the tobacco industry had think tanks that supported them. You know, fool me once, OK. Fool me again, I am going to find out. We know about these organizations. ExxonMobil gave a total of $381,000 to Reason; $295,000 to Hoover; $615,000 to the Pacific Research Institute— ExxonMobil. Foundations associated with the Koch brothers provided more than $1 million to the Reason Founda-tion and to the Pacific Research Insti-tute. So we know what is going on here, but there is good news. The American people are not asleep at the wheel. They understand what happened with Big Tobacco. They understand the phony science that was put forward by Big Tobacco. Thanks to the leadership of my colleague S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE , who has done an extraordinary job—he knows the truth. He knows the truth that these organizations are puppets of the big fossil fuel industry. You know what. They are going to be found out. The people already do not, in any way, support them. That is why I am optimistic and came to the floor today. The truth will have its day. The people understand. They look out the window and they know. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to enter into a col-loquy for 30 minutes with the Senators from Montana, North Carolina, and Iowa. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jul 25, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\JUL2016\S12JY6.REC S12JY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4970 July 12, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS  
BILL 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, last week we had a lot going on in terms of national security and foreign policy facing our country and, most impor-tantly, facing our troops, facing our military. The President, the Secretary of Defense, the top leaders in the mili-tary were asking a lot of our troops in 1 week. Let me just give you a little example of that. Just yesterday, Secretary of Defense Ash Carter announced, from where he is in Iraq, that the United States will be deploying 560 more troops to Iraq in our fight against ISIS. Make no doubt about it, the White House might spin what we are doing over there, but our troops are definitely in combat, fight-ing to protect us. At the NATO summit on Friday, President Obama announced that the United States will be deploying an ad-ditional 1,000 troops and a separate bri-gade headquarters to Poland. A lot of us—I think bipartisan—support what is going on at the NATO summit and con-gratulate the President for a successful summit. On Wednesday, the President an-nounced he plans to leave 8,400 Amer-ican troops in Afghanistan—more than he originally planned, a number that a lot of us had been advocating for, maybe even more—to combat the Taliban; again, our troops in action. On Saturday, we learned that North Korea launched a submarine ballistic missile off the coast of the eastern part of the country. Over the weekend, the Wall Street Journal reported that even after reaching the Iran nuclear deal, the Iranians continue to try to ille-gally procure nuclear equipment from Germany. Finally, just today, there was an important ruling from The Hague, the tribunal there, about what is going on in the South China Sea, in keeping sealanes open where we just recently had two carrier battle groups—two U.S. carrier battles groups, thousands of sailors in that part of the world. So what did the Senate do with re-gard to all the activities facing our troops? What did the Senate do to sup-port these troops whom the President and the Secretary of Defense are ask-ing so much of? Well, a lot of Ameri-cans did not see it, but in the late night, on Thursday night, led by the minority leader, unfortunately our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle filibustered defense spending, filibus-tered the Defense appropriations bill. This is not the first time that has happened. Indeed, that is the bill the other side seems to like to target. Amazingly, they like to target funding for our troops and our military. That is not the first time. It is not the second time. It is not the third time. It is the fourth time, inside of a year, our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle filibustered funding our troops, at a time when national security challenges and what we are asking our military to do are at an alltime high. What I want to do with my col-leagues is talk about this, try to let the American people know this is not what we should be doing. Perhaps the media will talk about this and high-light this a little bit more because we are going to vote again on this appro-priations bill, which, by the way, came out of committee unanimously. The Democrats on the committee voted for it. Yet, somehow, when it comes to the floor, they are going to do another fili-buster. They did it last Thursday. It is our hope—and one of the reasons we are on the floor right now—to convince our colleagues to change their ways. I am sure they don’t want to have to go home after recess and have to explain to their constituents why they voted not once, not twice, not three times, not four times but five times to fili-buster spending for our troops. I hope they don’t have to do that. We are going to vote on that again this week. I am honored to be on the floor with some distinguished Members of the Senate, some of the Members of the class of 2014. I am going to ask the jun-ior Senator from Iowa—who knows a little bit about what she is talking about when it comes to the U.S. mili-tary, with 23 years of military service, having just retired as a lieutenant colonel in the Iowa National Guard. I am honored to have her open up and say some words about something that is remarkable that is going on, on the Senate floor—filibustering the spend-ing for our troops at this dangerous time. It is not what we should be doing. Our colleagues know it. I guarantee you the American people know it. If you ask people, Democratic or Repub-lican: Should we be funding our troops at this moment, the answer, clearly, in every State and every part of the coun-try, would be yes. Senator E
RNST . Mrs. ERNST. I say thank you to Sen-ator S
ULLIVAN , the distinguished Sen-ator from Alaska. Thank you for your passion as well. You have served in the Marines, in the Marine Reserves. I thank you for that, for your dedication and your commitment to our United States of America through your service as a marine and now through your service in the Senate. We are also joined by the Senators from Montana and from North Caro-lina. I would like to thank my col-leagues for joining in a colloquy. The filibuster we have seen on the other side of the aisle sends a message to our troops that we don’t care about their security, and we don’t care about the Nation’s security. We must fund our troops, at a time when, as you stated, the world is virtually imploding. We see actions going on all around the globe, whether it is from North Af-rica into Iraq, Syria, North Korea, China, Iran, Afghanistan. We could go on and on, where our troops are needed for safety and security, where they are needed to keep the fight away from our homeland. So I thank everyone who is joining in today. I appreciate the thoughts we will be sharing with our constituents and with the audience we have. Hope-fully, we will see this projected nation-wide, with an outcry of outrage that the Democrats are blocking—are dar-ing to block funding for our national security. This is a bipartisan bill—a bipartisan bill. The Senate version cleared out of our Senate Appropriations Committee by a vote of 30 to 0, Democrats and Re-publicans. We came together, bipar-tisan, 30 to 0. In total, this bill appropriates $515.9 billion for our national security. Some $900 million of this is funding for the National Guard, a critical arm to the security of the United States and where I ended my 23-plus-year career last November in the Iowa Army Na-tional Guard. In fact, my old unit, the battalion I commanded in the Iowa Army National Guard, that battalion headquarters is currently forward-deployed. So the men and women I served alongside, they are out there protecting our free-doms. They are out there securing an area far away from home. They are doing it not just for me and not just for the Senators who are here, but they are doing that for all of you. The fact that we would reject funding for our forward-deployed troops is ap-palling to me. Those are my brothers and sisters. These are my friends, my neighbors, my colleagues. They are fighting on behalf of the United States. The United States is now turning its back, with a filibuster, on these troops. So how dare our colleagues block a bill to fund our military, while our troops are forward-deployed. They are out on our frontlines. I know my colleague from Montana has had some troops who have just re-cently returned. I know he would like to join us in this discussion as well. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from Alaska. I also want to thank Lieutenant Colonel and Senator E
RNST for her service to our Nation. Senator E
RNST is the first female combat veteran to ever serve in the Senate. It is an honor to serve with her, and I thank her for her service to our country both as a soldier as well as a Senator. As I speak today, my friends from across the aisle have already—not once, not twice, but three times— blocked consideration of the Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act of 2017, which will deny our troops the proper funding and support they de-serve. I am proud to be standing here with some of my freshmen colleagues, imploring my friends on the other side of the aisle to stop the political games and get back to work, and that starts with funding our military. We shouldn’t be playing these petty political games on legislation that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:44 Jul 12, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.028 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4971 July 12, 2016 
and should be historically bipartisan. In fact, this bill, the Department of De-fense Appropriations Act, passed the House of Representatives in June on a bipartisan vote of 282 to 138, and that included 48 Democrats. That is a very strong bipartisan vote. Over on the Senate side—as a member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations, I recall it clearly—it passed our committee 30 to 0. That is called running up the score— 30 to 0 out of the Committee on Appro-priations on May 26. Not one Democrat opposed this bill in committee. I ask my colleagues: What in the world has changed? Why did we go from 30 to 0 in the committee and now we are seeing a filibuster here on the floor of the Sen-ate? Just so we are all clear, when Senate Democrats vote no, here is what they are saying no to: 1.2 million military Active-Duty servicemembers and 800,000 reservists. They are saying no to 10,000 troops engaged in combat in Af-ghanistan and the additional military in harm’s way in Iraq, Syria, and other places throughout the world. We are seeing ISIS expanding into places like Libya. They are attacking Western targets like Paris, Brussels, and the homeland here, in places like San Bernardino and Orlando. We need to make sure our military forces have the tools they need to win. As Senator M
ARCO RUBIO once said: It is either we win or they win. There is no middle ground here. Let us give them the tools they need to win. I can tell you one thing: Our enemies are not waiting around for Senate Democrats to fund our military to make it a fair fight. This bill provides money to replace the munitions and other consumable items being used to defend America against the likes of ISIS, Al Qaeda, and the Taliban. Passing this also gives confidence to our Eastern European al-lies. Back in my home State of Montana, we have a rich legacy of service. I am the son of a U.S. marine. My dad served in the 50th Rifle Company in Billings, MT. In fact, our Nation’s ‘‘peace through strength’’ strategy can be seen clearly at Montana’s Malmstrom Air Force Base. You see, up in Montana, we have one-third of the Nation’s inter-continental ballistic missiles. We play a critical role in meeting our Nation’s security and military needs. In fact, I have the utmost faith—and always do— in the 1,200 defenders at Malmstrom that provide security for the missiles that silently sit across Montana. I know these airmen will not fail our Na-tion, but Washington, DC is failing them. Senate Democrats are failing them, and that is unacceptable. At Malmstrom, the motto on the commander’s coin says this: ‘‘Scaring the hell out of America’s enemies since 1962.’’ And they do so because this body chose duty over politics. So how can Democrats continue to stand here and say no to our military when so much is at stake, when the House passed a bipartisan bill, when this body passed a bill by a unanimous vote of 30 to 0 out of committee? We must say yes to our military who fight for us every day and say no to petty politics in Washington, DC. We must stand up for the rights and the free-doms we enjoy. Senate Democrats, stop saying no. Let us debate the DOD ap-propriations bill. Finally, I urge my Senate colleagues across the aisle to have the courage to vote against the wishes of their leaders and help us move this legislation for-ward. Again, I am proud to stand here with some of my Senate freshmen col-leagues and the distinguished Senator from North Carolina, THOM TILLIS . I know Senator T
ILLIS has some real concerns about what is going on here on the Senate floor. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I want to thank my friends and colleagues from Montana, Alaska, and Iowa for being here. I particularly want to thank Lieutenant Colonel E
RNST for her serv-ice. She is now a veteran, but she served bravely. I want to thank my friend from Alaska. He is a marine, and he still answers the call. He is doing the work here in the Senate, but he is prepared to go on a moment’s notice wherever we have to go to defend free-dom. I come from North Carolina. This is almost getting personal with me. I am going to talk a little bit about that, but I want to explain to the people who may be watching this on television or to those in the Senate Gallery what we are talking about. We use the word filibuster, and it is kind of hard to understand, but it is ac-tually pretty straightforward. The Democratic conference has decided to say no to funding our troops. They have decided to say no to providing them a much deserved pay raise. They have decided to say no to funding im-portant training that is necessary to make sure they can complete these highly dangerous and complex missions wherever a threat may occur. Now, why is it personal to me in North Carolina? Because I have about 100,000 Active-Duty personnel in North Carolina. Fort Bragg in North Carolina is the home of the Global Response Force. That is the base that gets the call from the President when, on a mo-ment’s notice, we may have to send hundreds or thousands of men and women to drop out of airplanes any-where in the world. It is not just jump-ing out with a parachute. It is jumping out with a hundred pounds of equip-ment attached to them, it is dropping earthmovers, weather stations, a small city operation anywhere in the world to support a relief effort or to support a combat mission. That takes training. That takes constant training. It takes hours and hours of training to make sure they can complete their mission but, even as important, to make sure they do it safely and that they them-selves do not get injured or killed in the process. Now, we have already heard it said multiple times before, but I think it bears repeating. Why on Earth would the minority leader prevent us from moving to a vote? A filibuster is noth-ing more than saying no to sending this bill to the President’s desk, after 30 Democratic members in the Appro-priations Committee said yes. We only need six of them to move this bill to the President’s desk. I guess the minority leader has a hammerlock on all of the Members who want to vote for this bill. They won’t come to the floor and show the courage and commitment to the men and women in uniform to do the right thing. That is where we are. That is why it is personal to me. What do I tell the 100,000 Active-Duty military in North Carolina when I go home? I am sorry, but the minority leader has decided you are not a pri-ority, in spite of the fact that we go to Committee on Armed Services hearings weekly and we hear the threat level has never been greater and in spite of the fact that we see the rise of ISIS across all of the Middle East, now in Europe, and it is threatening our homeland. In spite of all of these threats, we tell the men and women in uniform and their commanders that politics win over the principle of funding our troops and saving our Nation and protecting our Nation. I think that is despicable. We know we have enough votes to send this bill to the President because they voted for it before. We only need a third of them to vote for this now and send it to the President’s desk. I could go on, and if we have time, I hope Senator S
ULLIVAN will ask me some questions because I have spent a lot of time down at Camp Lejeune and Fort Bragg. Ask me about whether or not the leader of FORSCOM and the leaders down there responsible for the 82nd Airborne Division and the XVIII Airborne Corps think they have enough money and they can keep our men and women safe. Ask them about the condi-tions at Camp Lejeune and the condi-tions we ask these men and women to serve in after we tell them we are not going to give you money to keep you safe so that you can complete your mission. This is politics at its worst. We need to send this bill to the President’s desk. We need to show respect for the men and women who have sworn an oath to lay down their life for the cause of freedom. This is a failure on the part of the minority leader and on the part of any other person who would sit there and refuse to move to a bill that every single one of them in the Appropriations Committee supported. I appreciate Senator S
ULLIVAN ’s ele-vating this dialogue to the extent that he will, and we shouldn’t stop until we fulfill the promise that is our first and foremost constitutional obligation, which is to protect this Nation. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.029 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4972 July 12, 2016 
people voting against this bill and pre-venting it from getting to the Presi-dent’s desk, in my opinion, are failing to live up to their oath. I want to thank Senator S
ULLIVAN  and Senator E
RNST again for their serv-ice, and I thank my colleague for bringing this to the attention of the American people. Mr. SULLIVAN. I thank Senator T
ILLIS , and he put his finger on it when he said it is personal. I think it is per-sonal to all of us. Senator E
RNST talked about it. She literally has her former colleagues, the troops she commanded, in Afghanistan right now. There is nothing more per-sonal than that. Just like Senator T
ILLIS and Senator D
AINES , the great State of Alaska also has thousands and thousands of Active- Duty Army, Air Force, Coast Guard, and Marines servicemembers, reserv-ists, and veterans, and they are won-dering why. I get asked: Why would the minority leader filibuster spending for America’s troops? Isn’t that like the most important thing the Congress does—national defense? Why? Why on Earth would they consider doing it a fifth time before we go home on recess? The one thing we should be doing before we take a 2-month re-cess—when, as Senator E
RNST said, the whole world is imploding with national security challenges—is voting to fund our troops. So why? I really don’t know the answer. At one point, the minority leader came to the floor last year and said the bill was ‘‘a waste of time.’’ I am not sure most Americans would agree with him on that. Then they made some kind of excuse: Well, we need to make sure the appropriations bill fits with the bipartisan budget agreement from last year. Well, it does. Nobody is mak-ing that argument. He was even re-cently quoted as saying he doesn’t want his party to be ‘‘at the mercy of Republicans.’’ In essence, that blocking our defense budget gives his political party leverage. Well, I will tell you who gets leverage from blocking this funding—our enemies and our adver-saries, not our troops. There is one other myth here, and I hear it a lot. When these procedural votes happen in the Senate, the troops don’t really see it. They do not really understand it. Heck, this vote they took to block it last time on Thursday night was almost at midnight. Maybe nobody saw it. But I want to ask Sen-ator E
RNST : Do you think the troops see this? Do you think they understand what is going on? Do you think your troops in Afghanistan or in the Iowa National Guard or all the other mili-tary members we have gotten to know through our positions on the Com-mittee on Armed Services see what is happening? How do you think that im-pacts morale? Mrs. ERNST. I thank my colleague. Yes, of course, they pay attention. They see what is going on in the Sen-ate. We track this. I tracked this when I was a young captain serving in Ku-wait and Iraq. We track this because it is so important that we have the fund-ing necessary for our personnel—just basic funding of our human resources obligations to the U.S. Armed Forces. As to our personnel, we have to have funding to update our equipment, and we have to have the funding for the training necessary so that our men and women are ready and able to forward deploy. Even when they are forward de-ployed—in Iraq, Afghanistan, or you name it—they pay attention. It is vitally important that what we do here today is to vote on the DOD ap-propriations bill. We have to stop this filibuster. Our troops are paying atten-tion. Their families are paying atten-tion. Their families here in the United States want to know the Senate is doing the right thing by protecting our military, making sure we have the troops necessary, the equipment nec-essary, the training necessary to make sure that when they forward deploy, they come home safe again. That is No. 1—making sure they are properly trained, equipped, and manned so they come home safe. So yes, Senator SULLIVAN , they do pay attention. As we are standing here debating the importance of this appro-priations bill, we have almost 10,000 troops serving today—right now—in Afghanistan. We have almost 5,000 troops in Iraq. Our special operators are deployed throughout the world pro-tecting our Nation. Just last week I had the opportunity to visit a hospital and see one of those special operators, and I am going to come back to that special operator in just a second. I stated before that the world is im-ploding, and we only have to look at the headlines over the past several days to see what a risk our globe is in. North Korea test fires a ballistic mis-sile from a submarine on July 9. The Chinese Navy holds a live fire drill in the South China Sea—even after the international court has ruled against their claims in the region. Iran, which is now, oddly enough, being fueled by taxpayer dollars after the horrific nu-clear deal our administration entered in, drove their boats dangerously close to ours once again. They came dan-gerously close to American ships. And U.S. intelligence reports come forward saying ISIS is ‘‘adapting’’ to our cur-rent efforts. These are the things, folks, that keep me up at night. These are the things that keep many of us up at night. But what lets us rest a little more at ease is knowing that we have our airmen, marines, soldiers, and sailors who are forward-deployed guarding our home-land. What puts my mind at rest is knowing we have these brave men and women doing their job for us. They are not failing us. Back to the special operator I visited in the hospital last week, this young man—forward-deployed into a theater in the Middle East—had been shot four times. Two weeks ago when I went into his hospital room, he was standing up. This special operator was pretty proud to show me his wounds—standing up, shot four times. He didn’t bemoan the fact that he had been injured severely; what he was bemoaning was the fact that he was not with his unit. He said: Ma’am, I have no idea how long it is going to take me to heal, but I am ready to go back and serve with my unit. I am ready to go back. These are the men and women we need to be funding, folks. They are our defense—our national defense. So I am asking that the filibuster end and that we take a vote on the DOD appropria-tions bill. I know we would like to hear a little more from my colleagues—again, I thank them for coming to the floor— the Senator from Montana, the Sen-ator from North Carolina. And I thank the Senator from Alaska for leading us in this discussion today. I yield the floor to the Senator from Montana. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, it is cer-tainly an honor to think that we are standing here as Senators with two dis-tinguished veterans: Lieutenant Colo-nel Ernst and Senator S
ULLIVAN , who served in the U.S. Marines. In fact, to-night I will be at the Iwo Jima memo-rial, at a parade, with my daughter, honoring my dad, a marine, and hon-oring the men and women who served and wore the great uniform of the U.S. military. There is one group who is cheering right now, and that is our enemies. They are cheering the fact that this body cannot get a defense appropria-tions bill passed. Maybe we should tie congressional pay to this bill. You know what. We could ask the minority leader: Let’s put congressional pay in here. Maybe that will get the body to act, to move forward, if we say: If we are not going to fund our military, let’s not fund this body right here. If we can’t pass the Defense appropria-tions bill, we shouldn’t get a paycheck here in Washington, DC. We ought to stand with the men and women who depend on the appropria-tions. What this body is saying no to— this filibuster is saying no to military personnel; it is saying no operations; it is saying no to the procuring we need to take the fight to the enemy; and it is saying no to research and develop-ment, testing and evaluation to make sure our men and women who wear the uniform of the U.S. military have the very best tools they need to defeat a very real enemy. I thank my freshmen colleagues for coming to the floor today. I thank Sen-ator S
ULLIVAN for leading this effort as we are discussing why we need to stop the filibuster and pass the Defense ap-propriations bill. Mr. TILLIS. Senator S
ULLIVAN asked Senator E
RNST whether people in uni-form are watching. Let’s talk about other people watching. What about the families of those men and women in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.030 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4973 July 12, 2016 
uniform, the ones whom Democrats have decided to say no to for a pay raise? My wife and I have adopted Fort Bragg, where she started a program called Baby Bundles where we create these bundles to give to expectant fam-ilies, E4s and below. These men and women have very little. They are serv-ing their Nation and are not making a lot of money. We are trying to do our best to make up for that by providing them with these gifts as they bring a child into the world. But what about the mother or father who is left behind as their loved one is somewhere in harm’s way? What are they thinking about when they come home during training and say: You know, we are just not getting the jumps we were getting. We are not get-ting the equipment we were getting. And, sweetie, I am about to be de-ployed. That is happening. That is what this ‘‘no’’ stands for. That is what this ac-tion on the part of the Democrats stands for. We need to vote for this bill. We need to show military families and men and women in uniform that we support them. I encourage my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to move this bill to the President’s desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 1 minute to conclude this colloquy. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I thank my colleagues who bring honor to the Senate by coming down here and talking about this important issue. Those watching at home should be calling their Senators and telling them: Fund our troops. Fund our troops. When there are so many national se-curity challenges out there, we need to make sure we do not go on a 2-month recess without funding our troops and moving forward on this bill. We should not move forward on a vote to have an-other filibuster vote, the fifth one in a year—the only bill that seems to get the focus of our colleagues and the mi-nority leader to filibuster. We need to do the right thing. We need to do the right thing by the Amer-ican people, and we need to do the right thing by our troops. Fund the troops. Break the filibuster. We need to move forward. I certainly hope my colleagues on the other side are going to finally see the light and vote to move forward funding for our military, national security, our troops, and our families. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time now will be controlled by the two man-agers. The Senate minority leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, what does the previous order say? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time is equally divided until 3:30 p.m. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I will take some of that time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has that right. 
ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING  
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Sen-ate’s work is that of legislating. The art of legislating is rooted in good faith, and, always, legislation by defi-nition is the art of compromise. In order to accomplish things for the American people, the Senate must work together in good faith, but I am seeing very few good-faith efforts from the Republicans on Zika, among other things. What I am seeing is one cynical Republican ploy after another. It is clear now that Republicans are not going to provide President Obama and the country with the $1.9 billion in emergency Zika funds that public health officials need, but Democrats still want to get as much funding as the experts tell us they need in order to stop Zika. To that end, the Presi-dent of the United States, Leader P
ELOSI , and I have made several en-treaties to the Republican leaders— that is, Senator M
CCONNELL and Speaker R
YAN—pleading with them to work with us. Last Thursday, the ad-ministration tried to schedule a meet-ing with Speaker R
YAN and Senator M
CCONNELL in the same room with Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell and Director Shaun Donovan, the leader of the Office of Management and Budget. This was an opportunity for Republicans in Con-gress and the administration to get on the same page about Zika and chart a path forward. Speaker R
YAN and Sen-ator M
CCONNELL said no to me. They wouldn’t even meet with two members of the President’s Cabinet. Democrats are disappointed, but we continue to look for solutions. The only solution at this point that would get doctors, researchers, and public health experts the immediate Zika funding they need is to pass the bipar-tisan Senate compromise as soon as possible. We were willing to do more, but the Senate compromise I just men-tioned passed this body with 89 votes and could pass again today if it were brought up by the Republican leader for a vote. I spoke with the Republican leader personally and asked him to consider this legislation as a stand-alone bill. And we would be willing to do even more. I told him that. He would not commit one way or the other. Yester-day, I had my staff reach out to the Re-publican leader’s staff. We haven’t heard back. Instead of getting back to my office with a substantive response, the Republican leader came to the floor this morning and made accusa-tions that were wild and unfair about what we are proposing. I guess that was the Republican leader’s response to our good-faith offer. I guess that was it. But that is not the way the Senate should operate. Now it is clear that the Republican leader has been stringing us along. He never had any intention of coming back to negotiate a deal. Republicans have no desire to work with us to get a bipartisan Zika funding bill to the President now or at any time in the near future. It has all been a charade. Republicans are interested in one thing only: attacking Planned Parenthood. Zika is the sideshow. What Republicans really show their interest in is under-mining women’s health by taking pot-shots at Planned Parenthood. They are good at this. They have been doing this for years, and they will use Zika, Ebola, and anything else to do it. There is a frightening shortage of in-tegrity in this body, and it is getting worse every day. It doesn’t have to be that way. Democrats and Republicans can work together and should work to-gether, and we should work in good faith. The chair and ranking member of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee have an agreement that if Democrats agree to go to conference on this Energy bill, Senator MURKOWSKI  has given her word to side with Sen-ator C
ANTWELL in order to produce a consensus-based conference report they can both support. She made that same commitment to me personally. So Sen-ator M
URKOWSKI and Senator C ANT-
WELL will work together to represent the Senate at the conference—not rep-resent Democrats or Republicans but the Senate. That is terrific. Senators C
ANTWELL and M URKOWSKI have proven in the past that they can work on good, strong legislation without poison pills and with strong bipartisan support. So I look forward to them working with other conferees to complete a final en-ergy bill that Democrats can support and the President will sign. The basis of this legislation has been going on for 4 or 5 years—4 or 5 years. The effort was led by Senator S
HAHEEN  for years. We almost got it done, but we had Republican obstruction on it. So we are where we are now. We can’t legislate for things done in the past, but the Republican leader should take a cue from the senior Senator from Alaska. We still want to work together with Republicans to get something done on Zika. It is important to the American people. That would require a good-faith approach from our Republican col-leagues. That is not here right now, and it is too bad. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the time in the quorum call that I am about to suggest be charged equally against both sides. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.031 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4974 July 12, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, in just a matter of minutes this after-noon, we will proceed to a motion to go to a formal conference on S. 2012, which is the Energy Policy Moderniza-tion Act of 2016. There is no doubt in my mind that we should agree to go to conference with the House on this broad bipartisan measure. I want to begin my remarks with a reminder of both the process that we followed to reach this point and the many, many good provisions that the process has allowed the Senate to in-clude within our Energy bill. From the very beginning, we have committed to the regular order, committee-oriented process. I want to acknowledge the strong working relationship with my friend and colleague on the committee, the ranking member, Senator C
ANTWELL  from Washington. We set out working this together. We set out with a view in mind that we needed to update our country’s energy laws. In order to get a good product, we were going to have to work cooperatively and collaboratively and in an open, transparent, and inclu-sive process. That is what we did. That has been a goal that was worth work-ing toward, and I think the effort that we made as a chair and as a ranking member brought in support from both sides of the aisle and allowed us to come to this place today. Our Energy Policy Modernization Act is the result of listening sessions, legislative hearings, bipartisan nego-tiations, a multiday markup held last July, and a multimonth floor process earlier this year. That process con-cluded with an overwhelmingly bipar-tisan vote, as 85 Senators voted in favor of the first major Energy bill to pass this Chamber in nearly a decade. After we passed our bill, it went over to the House. They responded with a series of measures that had already passed their Chamber. While what they sent back has been criticized by some, I certainly think the House was re-strained in its process. They could have passed a highly partisan package that would have been more difficult to rec-oncile with our bill, but I think they developed a more measured response and chose by voice vote to ask the Sen-ate to conference with them. Now it is our turn. The very last procedural step is for the Senate to vote to proceed to go to a formal conference. After waiting more than a month—actually, I think we are probably at about 6 weeks now— we will have that vote in the next 10 minutes or so. In looking at all the sig-nificant provisions included within our bill, all of which are at stake today, I think this should be a very easy choice for all of us to make. Our bill includes priorities from 80 different Members of the Senate, in-cluding 42 members of the Democratic caucus. When we vote to go to con-ference, it is no exaggeration to say that at least 80 of us within this body will be voting on whether or not to ad-vance our own ideas and our own policy suggestions. Let me give you a couple of exam-ples. Our bill contains a bipartisan pro-vision from Senators BARRASSO and H
EINRICH , as well as 16 others that would streamline the LNG export ap-proval process. The bill contains an en-tire title on energy efficiency that was written by Senator P
ORTMAN and Sen-ator S
HAHEEN , as well as 13 other Mem-bers. The resources title that I developed with the ranking member is a balanced package of some 30 lands and water bills, including a bipartisan sports-men’s provision that the Senate adopt-ed by a vote of 97 to 0. We made innova-tion a key priority to promote the de-veloping of promising technologies. We have Senators A
LEXANDER , P ETERS , C
APITO , M ANCHIN , W YDEN , and many others to thank for that. We also focused on grid moderniza-tion, cyber security, the National Park Centennial, and conservation policies. These are all bipartisan efforts. All of those are a part of this bill. Now we have to vote to determine whether we will keep going in the last stretch of this legislative process or whether the Senate says: All that work that you did—we are not going to move forward with it. I don’t think that is a good option, and I hope it is an option this Chamber will reject. My very strong preference is that we keep going. I think we should agree to conference with the House of Rep-resentatives because I know the con-ference process can produce a worthy bill that becomes law. I think it is fair to say that it will not include every-thing that is on the table right now, but anyone who has looked at what each Chamber has passed knows there is plenty out there that we can agree on. I have a few assurances from Mem-bers who may be a little bit hesitant to move forward this afternoon. First, I will reiterate my personal commit-ment to a final bill that can pass both Chambers and be signed into law by the President. That doesn’t mean we are going to unilaterally disarm ourselves in conference negotiations, but my ob-jective here is to deliver a law. That means it can’t be the House product necessarily or the Senate product nec-essarily. It has to be something the Chambers can both agree on and the President can sign into law. I intend to lead the conference committee the way I led the Senate process—by looking for common ground, by being open, by being fair and inclusive, and by seeking consensus over partisan division. You don’t have to take just my word for it. A couple of weeks ago, the two House chairmen who will be most heav-ily involved in the Energy bill con-ference also released a joint statement that reinforces how we intend to pro-ceed. Here is what the House Energy and Commerce chair, FRED UPTON , as well as the House Natural Resources chairman, R
OBBISHOP , said on June 20: 
At the end of the day, our goal is to get something to the President that he will sign into law. From our perspective, a bill that the President will veto is a waste of time and effort and casts aside the hard work we’ve put in up to this point. We remain com-mitted to working in a bicameral, bipartisan manner and remain hopeful that we can set aside our differences and move ahead with a formal conference between the two cham-bers. 
In addition to my approach and the approach the two House chairmen have embraced, there are institutional pro-tections that will help ensure that this process stays on track. If Members are part of the conference committee and decide at the end they don’t want to sign the conference report, then they don’t have to sign it. As we have seen in recent days, conference reports re-quire 60 votes to end debate on them, meaning our bill will need to remain bipartisan in order to pass. To me, the best argument for going to conference on an energy bill is still the one we started with; that is, it is way past time. It has been almost a decade now. The last time Congress passed a major energy bill was Decem-ber of 2007. With almost a decade’s worth of changes in technologies and markets taking place since then, our policies have simply become outdated. There is a whole list of organizations and individuals that have urged us as a Chamber to get moving with a con-ference, whether it is the Alliance to Save Energy, the Bipartisan Policy Center, the Business Council for Sus-tainable Energy, the American Chem-istry Council, the chamber of com-merce. They go and on. There is an urgent need to update and reform our Nation’s energy poli-cies. We are overdue. Our policies are deficient. We have advanced many, many good ideas, but we need to get this over the finish line. That is ex-actly what going to conference will allow us to do. The Energy Policy Modernization Act gives us a chance to do all of that. We have a chance now to take that next step forward on this broad bipar-tisan bill—keep it going, proceed to conference, allow ourselves to write a good final bill that we can then send to the President’s desk. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I join my colleague from Alaska, the chair of the Senate Energy Committee, to urge my colleagues today to move forward on going to conference on the Energy bill. My colleagues will remember we passed a bill 85 to 12, I think it was, and included a great deal of provisions on—my colleague just said—modern-izing the electricity grid, building next-generation investments in energy, smart buildings, advanced composite 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.033 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4975 July 12, 2016 
materials, energy storage and improv-ing cyber security, critical infrastruc-ture, and the energy workforce for to-morrow. This was a very worked-over process, both in committee and on the Senate floor, and it was a very collaborative effort among our colleagues on both sides of the aisle. It did take some dis-cussion with our House colleagues be-cause the package they passed was a very different product. I will say, it was a very less worked product on a bi-partisan basis and certainly a product that had a lot of veto threats in it. Our House colleagues have made some comments about that legislation that have made it helpful for us to move forward. We met with our col-leagues, the Natural Resources and En-ergy Committee chairs, Mr. B
ISHOP and Mr. U
PTON . They basically said: Look, they didn’t want to waste time on things that would be vetoed by the President of the United States, so we took that as a good sign that they were willing to sit down and talk about leg-islation that could move forward in a positive fashion. Senator M
URKOWSKI ’s staff, my staff, and we together have rolled up our sleeves and tried to look at ways in which we could talk about how we move forward from here so that all of our colleagues could have confidence that we are going to work on some-thing that would be a final product that really would get to the President’s desk. I thank my colleague from Alas-ka for her indulgence in that process. I know she had conversations with Sen-ator R
EIDabout no poison pills and wasn’t going to sign off on those kinds of activities. We are here to say to our colleagues: Let’s continue the good bipartisan ef-fort that existed in the Senate bill and work with our colleagues in the House to resolve these issues. As my col-leagues know, there are many thorny issues that still need to be addressed. Even though the Senate worked out many of its issues, there are still sev-eral thorny issues that are in the House bill, such as water, fire, and a variety of other issues which will take some dialogue and give us an oppor-tunity to talk. If we can reach a con-clusion, great, but if we can’t, I think we have all decided that moving for-ward on the basis of an energy policy we can agree to is a very important concept for all of us. As my colleague from Alaska said, it is time to move forward on an energy policy, and I encourage my colleagues to vote yes on this motion. Let us con-tinue to work to protect these key pro-visions and move forward so we can get a bill to the President’s desk. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to disagree to the House amendment, agree to the request from the House for a conference, and the Presiding Officer appoint the following conferees: Senators Mur-kowski, Barrasso, Risch, Cornyn, Cantwell, Wyden, and Sanders with respect to S. 2012, an original bill to provide for the moderniza-tion of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes. John McCain, John Cornyn, Marco Rubio, Deb Fischer, Rob Portman, Roger F. Wicker, Richard Burr, Joni Ernst, David Vitter, James M. Inhofe, Dean Heller, Pat Roberts, Lamar Alex-ander, Ron Johnson, Tom Cotton, Thom Tillis, Mitch McConnell. The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to disagree to the House amendment, agree to the request by the House for a conference, and to appoint conferees with respect to S. 2012, a bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. THUNE. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCH-
RAN), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C OR-
NYN), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Sen-ator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ), the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) and the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mr. W
ICKER ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 84, nays 3, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 125 Leg.] YEAS—84 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Sessions Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NAYS—3 
Paul Perdue Scott 
NOT VOTING—13 
Barrasso Coats Cochran Cornyn Cruz Graham Inhofe Roberts Rounds Sanders Shelby Vitter Wicker 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 84, the nays are 3. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. Cloture having been invoked, the question is on agreeing to the com-pound motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE ADDICTION AND RECOVERY ACT OF 2016—CON-FERENCE REPORT—Continued Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the conference report to accom-pany S. 524. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the conference report to accompany S. 524. The bill clerk read as follows: 
Conference report to accompany S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. (The remarks of Mr. A
LEXANDER per-taining to the introduction of S. 3169 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. 
JUDICIAL VACANCIES  
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, the American public is well aware that there is a vacancy on our U.S. Supreme Court and, in addition, that there is ob-struction going on in terms of our path to do what the Senate is supposed to do—confirm a President’s nomination to the Supreme Court. Because it is the Supreme Court, because that term has come to an end and we have seen a number of 4-to-4 ties, because of the consequence and the gravity of what it is that the Supreme Court does, that has garnered a lot of attention. It has resulted in the calling for the Repub-licans in the Senate to do their job, to not obfuscate and declare that they won’t hold hearings or won’t schedule a vote on President Obama’s nominee, Merrick Garland. As a consequence, that vacancy may persist for well over a year when all is said and done. I rise today to draw attention to the fact that that is not the only judicial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.034 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4976 July 12, 2016 
vacancy we have here in the United States of America. We currently have 83 vacancies in the Federal courts, and 29 of those vacancies have been de-clared judicial emergencies, meaning that the continuing vacancy has caused serious problems and concerns, so they are deemed judicial emer-gencies. Currently, because of the work that has been done by individual Senators, consulting with the President, and what the President has done in terms of forwarding nominees to the Senate so that we can exercise our role of ad-vice and consent, so we can hold votes on confirmations, and because of the work of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, currently there are 24 judicial nominees on the Executive Calendar. All of them—every one of them—have garnered majority support of the mem-bers of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee in order to advance to the Exec-utive Calendar. Every one of them is deserving of a full Senate vote. I rise to draw attention to one par-ticular vacancy; that is, a vacancy on the Seventh Circuit Court. One of Wis-consin’s seats on the Seventh Circuit has been vacant for more than 6
1⁄2 years. Let me repeat that. It has been vacant for more than 6
1⁄2years. Cur-rently, and not surprisingly, it is the longest Federal circuit court vacancy in the country. Today marks 2,378 days that this circuit court seat has been vacant. The people of Wisconsin and our neighbors in Illinois and Indiana de-serve a fully functioning appeals court. We have a highly qualified nominee who deserves a vote from this body. Don Schott was nominated by the President on January 12 to fill this Seventh Circuit Court vacancy. He has strong bipartisan support. Both Sen-ator J
OHNSON and I have returned our blue slips. Bipartisan majorities of the Wisconsin judicial nominating commis-sion have given their support to Don Schott and have voted to advance his nomination, a bipartisan group of the Senate Judiciary Committee voted to advance his nomination, and a bipar-tisan group of former Wisconsin bar presidents support him. Don Schott has the experience, qualifications, and temperament to be an outstanding Federal judge. He was rated unani-mously ‘‘well qualified’’ by the Amer-ican Bar Association. In talking to peo-ple in Wisconsin about this nomina-tion, I have heard only tremendous praise for Don Schott. This nomination deserves a vote. As such, I rise today to urge the majority leader, the Republican leader, to sched-ule a vote on Don Schott, as well as all of the other judicial nominees who are on the Executive Calendar. The Amer-ican people deserve a fully functioning Federal judiciary. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. 
MINERS PROTECTION ACT  
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I rise today in defense of the bipartisan Min-ers Protection Act. This is a little bit of a history class that is going to be rolled into the facts of what we are dealing with today. Our coal miners are some of the hard-est working people in America. Any of you who come from a family who had one as a relative—maybe your grand-father, father, uncle—you know those patriarchs are tough. They are hard- working but extremely patriotic. They basically dedicated their lives to powering our Nation. We would not be the Nation we are today if it had not been for the miners, who now seem to have been cast aside and forgotten about. They powered this Nation. They brought us into the Industrial Revolu-tion, if you will, the industrial age, and created the middle class and one of the largest unions, the United Mine Work-ers of America. Back in the 1930s and 1940s, especially, if you were working in the mines, you were in the United Mine Workers union. That is just the way things were. But by the end of this year, tens of thousands of our miners are going to receive notices that they are going to lose their health benefits. They are going to lose their health benefits. I have come to the floor again to an-swer the points that were called into question by my friend Senator ENZI from Wyoming. First, Senator E
NZI specifically questioned the promise that was made to the miners in 1946. He questioned the promise that was made to them in 1946, saying that it was made between the coal companies and the unions, not the Federal Govern-ment, so therefore we should not have an obligation to be involved. He said there was never an agreement with the Federal Government. I don’t know how else to say this ex-cept that I believe my good friend was totally misinformed. That is not cor-rect, not at all. Now I will give you the facts. This is a lesson. In May of 1946, the United States was in the midst of a robust post-World War II economic recovery. I mean, ev-erybody was working during the war. We were trying to survive as a nation, trying to defeat tyranny and basically save the world as we know it today. So everybody was working. Now the war is over. We were fearing a shutdown of our economy, and somehow we had to continue to keep this energy we needed to keep the country and the economy moving. The United Mine Workers were ac-tively negotiating. They were actively negotiating their contracts the way you do in a civil bargaining agreement. You sit down and you work through that. President Harry Truman knew the vital role the coal industry played in the economic recovery efforts, and he feared a prolonged strike. He issued an Executive order because he thought a strike would grind our recovery to a halt. He feared a prolonged strike, and he issued an Executive order directing the Secretary of the Interior to take possession of the bituminous coal mines—can you believe that—take pos-session of all of the bituminous coal mines in the United States and nego-tiate with the unions. So basically he stepped in and started negotiating with the unions, taking over the mines. Senator ENZIstated that this agree-ment was made between the members and the companies, not between the members and the American taxpayer. In fact, the first line of the Krug-Lewis agreement—this was the agreement that was signed, the historic document that created the promise of health ben-efits and retirement security for our Nation’s miners. This agreement is be-tween the Secretary of the Interior acting as Coal Mines Administrator under the authority of Executive Order No. 9728, dated May 21, 1946, and the United Mine Workers of America. The title of this agreement says ‘‘Executed at the White House, Washington, D.C., May 29 of 1946.’’ I ask unanimous consent to have a copy of this agreement printed in the R
ECORD , and I will be sending a copy to my dear friend. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NATIONAL BITUMINOUS WAGEAGREEMENT  
EFFECTIVE MAY 29 , 1946, DURING THE PERIOD OF  
GOVERNMENT OPERATION OF MINES EXECUTED  
AT THE WHITE HOUSE , WASHINGTON , D.C., MAY 
29, 1946 
AGREEMENT  T
HISAGREEMENT between the Secretary of the Interior, acting as Coal Mines Adminis-trator under the authority of Executive Order No. 9728 (dated May 21, 1946, 11 F. R. 5593), and the United Mine Workers of Amer-ica, covers for the period of Government pos-session the terms and conditions of employ-ment in respect to all mines in Government possession which were as of March 31, 1946, subject to the National Bituminous Coal Wage Agreement, dated April 11, 1945. 1. Provisions of National Bituminous Coal Wage Agreement Preserved Except as amended and supplemented here-in, this Agreement carries forward and pre-serves the terms and conditions contained in all joint wage agreements effective April 1, 1941, through March 31, 1943, the supple-mental agreement providing for the six (6) day work week, and all the various district agreements executed between the United Mine Workers and the various Coal Associa-tions and Coal Companies (based upon the aforesaid basic agreement) as they existed on March 31, 1943, and the National Bitu-minous Coal Wage Agreement, dated April 11, 1945. 2. Mine Safety Program (a) Federal Mine Safety Code As soon as practicable and not later than 30 days from the date of the making of the Agreement, the Director of the Bureau of Mines after consultation with representa-tives of the United Mine Workers and such other persons as he deems appropriate, will issue a reasonable code of standards and rules pertaining to safety conditions and practices in the mines. The Coal Mines Ad-ministrator will put this code into effect at the mines. Inspectors of the Federal Bureau of Mines shall make periodic investigations of the mines and report to the Coal Mines Administrator any violations of the Federal Safety Code. In cases of violation the Coal Mines Administrator will take appropriate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.040 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4977 July 12, 2016 
action which may include disciplining or re-placing the operating manager so that with all reasonable dispatch said violation will be corrected. From time to time the Director of the Bu-reau of Mines may, upon request of the Coal Mines Administrator or the United Mine Workers, review and revise the Federal Mine Safety Code. (b) Mine Safety Committee At each mine there shall be a Mine Safety Committee selected by the Local Union. The Mine Safety Committee may inspect any mine development or equipment used in pro-ducing coal for the purpose of ascertaining whether compliance with the Federal Safety Code exists. The Committee members while engaged in the performance of their duties shall be paid by the Union, but shall be deemed to be acting within the scope of their employment in the mine within the meaning of the Workmen’s Compensation Law of the state where such duties are performed. If the Committee believes conditions found endanger the life and bodies of the mine workers, it shall report its findings and rec-ommendations to the management. In those special instances where the Committee be-lieves an immediate danger exists and the Committee recommends that the manage-ment remove all mine workers from the un-safe area, the operating manager or his man-agerial subordinate is required to follow the recommendation of the Committee, unless and until the Coal Mines Administrator, tak-ing into account the inherently hazardous character of coal mining, determines that the authority of the Safety Committee is being misused and he cancels or modifies that authority. The Safety Committee and the operating manager shall maintain such records con-cerning inspections, findings, recommenda-tions and actions relating to this provision of the Agreement as the Coal Mines Adminis-trator may require and shall supply such re-ports as he may request. 3. Workmen’s Compensation and Occupational Disease The Coal Mines Administrator undertakes to direct each operating manager to provide its employees with the protection and cov-erage of the benefits under Workmen’s Com-pensation and Occupational Disease Laws, whether compulsory or elective, existing in the states in which the respective employees are employed. Refusal of any operating man-ager to carry out this direction shall be deemed a violation of his duties as operating manager. In the event of such refusal the Coal Mines Administrator will take appro-priate action which may include disciplining or replacing the operating manager or shut-ting down the mine. 4. Health and Welfare Program There is hereby provided a health and wel-fare program in broad outline—and it is rec-ognized that many important details remain to be filled in—such program to consist of three parts, as follows: (a) A Welfare and Retirement Fund A welfare and retirement fund is hereby created and there shall be paid into said fund by the operating managers 5¢ per ton on each ton of coal produced for use or for sale. This fund shall be managed by three trust-ees, one appointed by the Coal Mines Admin-istrator, one appointed by the President of the United Mine Workers, and the third cho-sen by the other two. The fund shall be used for making payments to miners, and their dependents and survivors, with respect to (i) wage loss not otherwise compensated at all or adequately under the provisions of Fed-eral or State law and resulting from sickness (temporary disability), permanent disability, death, or retirement, and (ii) other related welfare purposes, as determined by the trust-ees. Subject to the stated purposes of the fund, the trustees shall have full authority with respect to questions of coverage and eli-gibility, priorities among classes of benefits, amounts of benefits, methods of providing or arranging for provision of benefits, and all related matters. The Coal Mines Administrator will in-struct the operating managers that the obli-gation to make payments to the welfare and retirement fund becomes effective with ref-erence to coal produced on and after June 1, 1946; the first actual payment is to be made on August 15, 1946, covering the period from June 1 to July 15; the second payment to be made on September 15, covering the period from July 15 to August 31; and thereafter payments are to be made on the 15th day of each month covering the preceding month. (b) A Medical and Hospital Fund There shall be created a medical and hos-pital fund, to be administered by trustees ap-pointed by the President of the United Mine Workers. This fund shall be accumulated from the wage deductions presently being made and such as may hereafter be author-ized by the Union and its members for med-ical, hospital and related purposes. The trustees shall administer this fund to pro-vide, or to arrange for the availability of, medical, hospital, and related services for the miners and their dependents. The money in this fund shall be used for the indicated purposes at the discretion of the trustees of the fund; and the trustees shall provide for such regional or local variations and adjust-ments in wage deductions, benefits and other practices, and transfer of funds to local unions, as may be necessary and as are in ac-cordance with agreements made within the framework of the Union’s organization. The Coal Mines Administrator agrees (after the trustees make arrangements satis-factory to the Coal Mines Administrator) to direct each operating manager to turn over to this fund, or to such local unions as the trustees of the fund may direct, all such wage deductions, beginning with a stated date to be agreed upon by the Administrator and the President of the United Mine Work-ers: Provided, however, that the United Mine Workers shall first obtain the consent of the affected employees to such turn-over. The Coal Mines Administrator will cooperate fully with the United Mine Workers to the end that there may be terminated as rapidly as may be practicable any existing agree-ments that earmark the expenditure of such wage deductions, except as the continuation of such agreements may be approved by the trustees of the fund. Present practices with respect to wage de-ductions and their use for provisions of med-ical, hospital and related services shall con-tinue until such date or dates as may be agreed upon by the Coal Mines Adminis-trator and the President of the United Mine Workers. (c) Coordination of the Welfare and Retire-ment Fund and the Medical and Hospital Fund The Coal Mines Administrator and the United Mine Workers agree to use their good offices to assure that trustees of the two funds described above will cooperate in and coordinate the development of policies and working agreements necessary for the effec-tive operation of each fund toward achieving the result that each fund will, to the max-imum degree practicable, operate to com-plement the other. 5. Survey of Medical and Sanitary Facilities The Coal Mines Administrator undertakes to have made a comprehensive survey and study of the hospital and medical facilities, medical treatment, sanitary, and housing conditions in the coal mining areas. The pur-pose of this survey will be to determine the character and scope of improvements which should be made to provide the mine workers of the Nation with medical, housing and san-itary facilities conforming to recognized American standards. 6. Wages (a) All mine workers, whether employed by the day, tonnage or footage rate, shall re-ceive $1.85 per day in addition to that pro-vided for in the contract which expired March 31, 1946. (b) Work performed on the sixth consecu-tive day is optional, but when performed shall be paid for at time and one-half or rate and one-half. (c) Holidays, when worked, shall be paid for at time and one-half or rate and one-half. Holidays shall be computed in arriving at the sixth and seventh day in the week. 7. Vacation Payment An annual vacation period shall be the rule of the industry. From Saturday, June 29, 1946, to Monday, July 8, 1946, inclusive, shall be a vacation period during which coal pro-duction shall cease. Day-men required to work during this period at coke plants and other necessarily continuous operations or on emergency or repair work shall have va-cations of the same duration at other agreed periods. All employees with a record of one year’s standing (June 1, 1945, to May 31, 1946) shall receive as compensation for the above-men-tioned vacation period the sum of One Hun-dred Dollars ($100), with the following excep-tion: Employees who entered the armed serv-ices and those who returned from the armed services to their jobs during the qualifying period shall receive the $100 vacation pay-ment. All the terms and provisions of district agreements relating to vacation pay for sick and injured employees are carried forward to this Agreement and payments are to be made in the sum as provided herein. Pro rata payments for the months they are on the payroll shall be provided for those mine workers who are given employment during the qualifying period and those who leave their employment. The vacation payment of the 1946 period shall be made on the last pay day occurring in the month of June of that year. 8. Settlement of Disputes Upon petition filed by the United Mine Workers with the Coal Mines Administrator showing that the procedure for the adjust-ment of grievances in any coal producing dis-trict is inequitable in relation to the gen-erally prevailing standard of such procedures in the industry, the Coal Mines Adminis-trator will direct the operating managers at mines in the district shown to have an in-equitable grievance procedure to put into ef-fect within a reasonable period of time the generally prevailing grievance procedure in the industry. 9. Discharge Cases The Coal Mines Administrator will carry out the provision in agreements which were in effect on March 31, 1946, between coal mine operators and the United Mine Workers that cases involving the discharge of employ-ees for cause shall be disposed of within 5 days. 10. Fines and Penalties No fines or penalties shall be imposed un-less authorized by the Coal Mines Adminis-trator. In the event that such fines or pen-alties are imposed by the Coal Mines Admin-istrator, the funds withheld for that reason 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY6.002 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4978 July 12, 2016 
shall be turned over to the trustees of the fund provided for in Section 4 (b) hereof, to be used for the purpose stated therein. 11. Supervisors With respect to questions affecting the em-ployment and bargaining status of foremen, supervisors, technical and clerical workers employed in the bituminous mining indus-try, the Coal Mines Administrator will be guided by the decisions and procedure laid down by the National Labor Relations Board. 12. Safety Nothing herein shall operate to nullify ex-isting state statutes, but this Agreement is intended to supplement the aforesaid stat-utes in the interest of increased mine safety. 13. Retroactive Wage Provisions The wage provisions of this Agreement shall be retroactive to May 22, 1946. 14. Effective Date This Agreement is effective as of May 29, 1946, subject to approval of appropriate Gov-ernment agencies. Signed at Washington, D.C. on this 29th day of May, 1946. J. A. K
RUG, Coal Mines Administrator. J
OHNL. L EWIS, President, United Mine Workers of America. 
Mr. MANCHIN. I believe the Sec-retary of the Interior and the White House were representatives of the Fed-eral Government back in 1946, just as they are today. Second, my colleague from Wyoming stated: I worry about the claim that we are helping all coal miners with this proposal. West Virginia coal miners—union and nonunion—continue to suffer from the devastating effects of the ongoing coal bankruptcies. Senator, we are willing to help all miners. We truly are. Anybody who has been devastated in this downturn, if you will, of the industry, but we are fo-cusing this particular effort on the United Mine Workers of America. They try to make this: Well, you are picking union over nonunion. We are not picking union over nonunion. The agreement was made with the UMWA because everybody working in the mines during that period of time be-longed to the UMWA. So we have to protect that promise that was made in that Executive order that was signed and made 70 years ago. So I invite the Presiding Officer and all of my col-leagues to help us find a way to move forward and help put this to rest. Also, Senator E
NZIstated he wants America to remain financially solvent. Well, there is no one who wants that more than I do. I understand that if you can’t get your financial house in order you can’t do anything else. In fact, let me tell you what happens if we do not pass the Miners Protection Act. The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, which we have in place, will shoulder the burden of the out-standing liabilities. In a January letter to Congressman M
CKINLEY from West Virginia, one of my colleagues on the other side, the Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation con-firmed that if the UMWA becomes in-solvent, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation of America will actually have to assume billions of dollars in li-abilities causing negative ripple effects for many more and for the financial in-solvency of our country. Passing the Miners Protection Act now means covering $3.5 billion in health and pension benefits. If we do not enact this law, the pension liabil-ity alone will carry a pricetag of over $6 billion. So, along with my good friend from Wyoming, Senator ENZI, I do care about making prudent deci-sions. That is a savings of $2.5 billion if we pass this legislation—$2.5 billion in saving to the taxpayers. The Miners Protection Act is impor-tant to my home State of West Vir-ginia because West Virginia has more retired union miners than any other State in the Nation. Out of the 90,594 retired United Mine Workers in the country in 2014, more than 27,000 still live in my State. I will say this. As to a lot of the dev-astation we have seen with the floods we have had in West Virginia over the last couple of weeks, it was horrific what happened. Every one of those lit-tle communities was a coal mining community that got hit. So you just add more tragedy on top of the already devastating tragedy that we have. But the impact is going to be felt in every State in the Union, including Wyoming. In fact, the Miners Protec-tion Act will help over 900 health bene-ficiaries and over 2,000 pension bene-ficiaries in the State of Wyoming. So I would just ask: What do my colleague who opposes this legislation or any of my colleagues who might not be for this legislation expect the widows and pensioners to do? First of all, they have an executive order by the Presi-dent of the United States in 1946, over 70 years ago. On top of that, this pen-sion plan was solvent and sound until 2008. It wasn’t their fault the crash happened. The greed of Wall Street took down so many pension plans. Most of these widows are making $550 a month. That is their pension—$550 a month. So we are not talking about large amounts of money, but if they lose that, it means the difference of whether they do certain things out of necessity. What do they give up? How do you explain to them that a 70-year- old commitment is now going to go un-answered? We didn’t care. We didn’t mean it. It is our responsibility to keep the promise to our miners who answered the call whenever their country needed them. So I ask Senator E
NZIand all my colleagues to work with me to keep our promise to these miners. Let us sit down and work together and make sure we all agree on the facts. I have always said this, and it has been said to me many times, we are all entitled to our opinions. We are just not entitled to our own facts. So the facts are very clear here. This is not only a promise, it is a commitment and a responsibility we have to the United Mine Workers of America and all those people who gave us the greatest coun-try on Earth, gave us the greatest amount of abundant energy—reliable, affordable, and dependable. There is a transition going on now, and we are working through this transition, but the bottom line is that to walk away from an obligation and a commitment we made 70 years ago, which helped us be the superpower of the world and the country we are today, would be a gross neglect of our responsibilities and an injustice to the United Mine Workers of America, the widows, and the fami-lies who still depend on this. We have a responsibility to oblige and make sure we take care of them. With that, I hope the Chair will help me in moving forward on this. We hope to get a vote in September. We were promised a vote in the first part of Sep-tember, when we come back, and that is one we are counting on to carry this forward. I am hoping we will have our colleagues supporting this. With that, Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. AYOTTE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I come to the floor today to speak on the issue of climate change. Before I do, I would like to read a quote. 
What is a conservative after all but one who conserves, one who is committed to pro-tecting and holding close the things by which we live . . . and we want to protect and conserve the land on which we live—our countryside, our rivers and mountains, our plains and meadows and forests. This is what we leave to our children. And our great moral responsibility is to leave it to them ei-ther as we found it or better than we found it. 
These are the words of President Ronald Reagan, and I agree with those words. Climate change is one of the greatest threats to our planet Earth. When I look at my beautiful grandkids, I feel a moral responsibility to leave this world as well as I found it or even better. We can’t continue to ignore the prob-lem of climate change. How will future generations judge us if we deny the re-ality of climate change and say that it is just too hard to do something that might leave them a safer, cleaner, bet-ter world? I don’t think they will look on us kindly. Future generations actu-ally count on us. Climate change is no longer debat-able. The facts are in. Climate change is real, and it is not some distant threat. From Hurricane Katrina to Superstorm Sandy, from severe flood-ing on the Mississippi River in 2011 in Illinois to the historic low water levels 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY6.003 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4979 July 12, 2016 
just 1 year later and to the devastating drought and wildfires that are searing the West Coast, extreme weather is the new normal. So why are there still so many in the Chamber who deny the threat of cli-mate change, not to mention failing to do anything to solve the problem? I have said on the floor before, and I will say again, that there is only one major political party in the world today that denies climate change, only one—the Republican Party of the United States of America. Well, part of the reason is because for decades the fossil fuel industry and those who cater to them have tried to blur this debate, to blur the science, to create divisions among us, instead of looking for what we have in common to try to solve this problem rationally and reasonably. Make no mistake, there is a delib-erate campaign, financed by the fossil fuel industry—a campaign that uses the pseudoscience of manufactured doubt. It is coordinated. I have seen the likes of it before. In 2006, the major tobacco companies in the United States were found guilty of ‘‘a massive 50-year scheme to de-fraud the public.’’ Decades before, to-bacco company research had already shown that tobacco was truly harmful and addictive. Instead of letting science and the moral imperative be-hind it promote public health, the com-panies launched an extensive campaign sowing seeds of doubt about the dan-gers of tobacco. I know about this firsthand. I was a Member of the House of Representa-tives about 27 years ago. I introduced a bill to ban smoking on airplanes. It was opposed by the tobacco lobby, and the leadership in both political par-ties—Democratic and Republican elect-ed leaders in the House of Representa-tives—opposed me. We called it for a vote, and to the amazement of every-one, it passed. It turns out Members of Congress are the largest frequent flyer club in the world, and they knew how outrageous it was to suggest there were smoking and nonsmoking sections on an airplane. I led that initiative to ban smoking on airplanes, and I was joined by the late Senator Frank Lautenberg who took up the cause in the Senate, and 26 years ago we banned smoking. It made a difference. We had to fight the to-bacco lobby all the way. They denied that nicotine was addictive. They de-nied there was a linkage between to-bacco and cancer. They created a pseu-doscience. They paid scientists to come up with theories that said tobacco real-ly wasn’t that dangerous. Well, sadly, we are seeing that same thing today when it comes to climate change. Just as the tobacco industry created a campaign of manufactured doubt to protect their financial inter-ests and profits, a web of fossil fuel in-dustry groups, aided and abetted by one of the very groups that resisted anti-smoking laws, are behind this web of climate denial. A 1998 American Petroleum Institute, or API, memo has become public. I just read it on my computer upstairs. At the time, the American Petroleum In-stitute consisted of a dozen lobbyists, think tank members, and public rela-tions gurus. Science wasn’t on their side in 1998, so the group decided that misleading the public about the reality of climate change—sowing seeds of doubt about whether there was really climate change underway—was the best way to go. The 1998 API memo claimed that ‘‘victory,’’ in their words, would be achieved when ‘‘uncertain-ties’’ about the science became part of the public’s perception. In the year 2000, influential Repub-lican pollster Frank Luntz prepared a playbook for those who wanted to cre-ate doubt in the public’s mind about climate change. Mr. Luntz wrote: 
Should the public come to believe that the scientific issues are settled, their views about global warming will change accord-ingly. Therefore, you need to continue to make the lack of scientific certainty a pri-mary issue in the debate. 
So what is taking place right now with the effort of the fossil fuel indus-try is a deliberate campaign to mislead the American public. Sadly, this web of denial that started in 1998 is alive and well today. Just last year, at an ExxonMobil-sponsored meeting of the notorious American Legislative Exchange Council, the president of the Heartland Institute stated: 
There is no scientific consensus on the human role in climate change. There is no need to reduce carbon dioxide emissions and no point in attempting to do so. 
This quote is in direct opposition to Earth scientists in one of the world’s most highly respected Earth science organizations—the American Geo-physical Union, or AGU. This spring, a group of 254 Earth sci-entists cited these lies in a letter as one of the many reasons why the American Geophysical Union should decline to accept ExxonMobil’s finan-cial sponsorship of their group. The Earth scientists also made clear that ExxonMobil distributed scientifically false and misleading information, are members in or financially support other climate-denying organizations, and donated to climate-denying politi-cians and past misinformation cam-paigns. ExxonMobil is not alone in spending money to influence elections and affect environmental policy. The oil and gas industry pours millions of dollars into election campaigns every year. In the 2012 election cycle, energy and natural resource corporations, their employees, and industry super PACs spent more than $147 million to make sure the right people were elected in congres-sional seats, in Senate seats, and in the Presidential campaign. During the cur-rent election cycle, they have already spent more than $101 million, and they will likely contribute millions more in the 4 months remaining. Experts esti-mate that, in total, candidates, polit-ical parties, and interest groups, in-cluding those funded by companies such as ExxonMobil, may spend up to $10 billion on Federal campaigns in 2016—$10 billion. A poll conducted by the New York Times last year found that 84 percent of Americans believe money has too much influence in American political campaigns. They are right. Our cam-paign finance system is a mess. Amer-ica needs a system to elect its can-didates that rewards those with good ideas and principles, not just the per-son who is the most talented in raising money. I reintroduced a bill last year called the Fair Elections Now Act. This legis-lation would establish a voluntary, small-donor public financing system for Senate campaigns. We would finally break the back of Big Money’s control over the American political system. The Fair Elections Now Act can’t solve all the problems facing us, but the bill would allow us to fight back against deep-pocketed special interests by dra-matically changing the way campaigns are funded, encouraging small donors and matches for those small donations. As we grapple with important issues like climate change, we have to recog-nize the influence of money in our po-litical system and why one major polit-ical party in the world today still de-nies climate change. Until we embrace campaign finance reform and ensure that politicians do not feel beholden to special interests like the oil and gas in-dustry, climate-denying politicians will continue to prevent us from taking action. It is unconscionable that some very powerful people put their profits ahead of the future of the planet we live on, but we know it is true. If we don’t act on climate change, there is no backup plan. Let me end on a hopeful note. When Pope Francis came to Washington, DC, last September, he called for action on addressing climate change and global warming. The Pope said: 
All is not lost. Human beings, while capa-ble of the worst, are also capable of rising above themselves, choosing again what is good, and making a new start. 
Pope Francis is right. Let’s not run away from our responsibility in the Senate or in life to our children and our grandchildren. Let’s work toward solving the real challenges of climate change with both political parties. It is not too late to make a new start, to do the right thing, and to protect this planet that we call home. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, we all want safety, security, health and well-being for all of our fellow Ameri-cans. But it sometimes seems impos-sible for us to agree on how best to achieve them. So when Congress comes together to find solutions to an urgent crisis facing the country, we should 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.043 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4980 July 12, 2016 
pause briefly, mark that achievement, and consider how we got there. That is what I hope will happen this week when the Senate votes on the conference report for S. 524, the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA. CARA addresses the opioid crisis in a comprehensive way, by authorizing al-most $900 million over 5 years for pre-vention, education, treatment, recov-ery, and law enforcement efforts. Last week, the House of Representatives passed the report by an astounding margin of 407 to 5. We have all heard the statistics about the epidemic of addiction to her-oin and prescription opioids that is gripping our country. I won’t belabor them today. When 129 Americans a day die from drug overdoses, we don’t need statistics on a page to tell us about this catastrophe. We only need to lis-ten to our constituents. I hear from Iowans all the time about real-life ex-amples of how this epidemic is hitting home. A few years ago, I heard the story of Kim Brown, a nurse from Davenport. In 2011, she lost her son Andy Lamp to an accidental heroin overdose. He was only 33. She now speaks out around my State about the need for expanded treatment options for those with sub-stance abuse disorders. She also advo-cates for increased access to naloxone, an anti-overdose drug that can save lives. I heard Kim Brown’s plea—and the conference report helps fill these and other critical gaps. I urge the entire Senate to demonstrate that it has heard her, and thousands like her, by passing the conference report, and sending it to the President for his sig-nature before we return home. The Senate’s vote this week will be the culmination of a process marked by hard work, bipartisanship, and a com-mitment to addressing this crisis in an all-encompassing way. I convened a hearing on attacking the opioid epidemic in the Senate Judi-ciary Committee in January. The Com-mittee heard from Federal and State officials in the law enforcement and public health communities. We also heard from a courageous young woman who lost her daughter to a heroin over-dose and subsequently started a sup-port group to assist those in recovery. The hearing continued for well over 3 three hours. Senators who aren’t even members of the Committee stopped in to listen, and learn. By that time, a bi-partisan group of four Senators had al-ready introduced CARA. Soon after the hearing, I sat down with Senators W
HITEHOUSE , P ORTMAN , K LOBUCHAR , and A
YOTTE —two Democrats and two Republicans—to build on their out-standing work. The leadership of those four Senators on this issue has been in-dispensable. We agreed on some changes to CARA that facilitated its movement through the Judiciary Committee. In par-ticular, I worked to include my ac-countability provisions, which help prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of grant funds, and ensure that resources go to those who need them most. I also helped make sure that a fixed portion of the funds for first responder access to naloxone is set aside for rural areas, like much of Iowa, where access to emergency healthcare can be lim-ited. And finally, because methamphet-amine remains such a problem in Iowa, I made sure that the community-based coalition enhancement grants created by the bill would also be available for communities suffering from high rates of meth abuse, in addition to opioid abuse. In fact, these enhancement grants are intended to supplement grants made to community coalitions under the Drug Free Communities Act of 1997. I am proud to have been the lead sponsor of that legislation in the Senate. The CARA Grassley substitute, with these changes, passed the Judiciary Committee unanimously by voice vote in February. I then managed the bill on the Senate floor, where it was approved 94 to-1 in March. Tackling important problems in a bipartisan way is impor-tant to me. That is why, as Chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I have moved eight bills through the Com-mittee, CARA among them, for which the lead sponsor was a member of the Democratic minority. By way of com-parison, last Congress the Committee didn’t report a single bill for which the lead sponsor was a Republican in the minority. And every one of the 27 bills I have moved through the Committee this Congress has had bipartisan sup-port. That isn’t just talking the talk on bipartisanship, it is walking the walk. After the Senate acted on CARA, the House of Representatives passed its own package of bills by a vote of 400 to 5 in May. And so the task fell to a bi-cameral, bipartisan committee to de-velop a conference report that would blend the best of the two approaches together. I led the Senate delegation that negotiated the report, along with Senator ALEXANDER , Chairman of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions. We concluded weeks of hard work and negotiations with a conference committee meeting on July 6. I voted for a number of im-provements to the report during the meeting, offered by both Republicans and Democrats. In particular, I was proud to support Senator M
URRAY ’s amendment that will create an Office of Patient Advo-cacy at the Department of Veterans Af-fairs to help ensure our veterans re-ceive the care they deserve. I am also pleased that the CARA con-ference report includes a bill that I in-troduced with Senator K
LOBUCHAR , the Kingpin Designation Improvement Act. This bill strengthens the ability of the Federal Government to freeze the as-sets of foreign drug kingpins, who traf-fic opioids, methamphetamine and other illegal narcotics into the United States. There are other parts of CARA that I feel passionately about as well. Many people who abuse prescription drugs get them from friends or relatives. CARA authorizes an expansion of the Federal initiative that allows patients to safely dispose of old or unused medi-cations, so that these drugs don’t fall into the hands of young people, poten-tially leading to addiction. I am proud to have helped start these ‘‘take back’’ programs by working with Senators KLOBUCHAR and C ORNYN in 2010 to pass the Secure and Responsible Drug Dis-posal Act. It has been a highly success-ful effort. Since 2010, over 2,700 tons of drugs have been collected from medi-cine cabinets and disposed of safely. Iowa also has a similar ‘‘take back’’ program that is expanding rapidly. Anything we can to do to encourage these programs is worthwhile. CARA also authorizes funds for other valuable programs: those that encour-age the use of medication assisted treatment, provide community-based support for those in recovery, and ad-dress the unique needs of pregnant and post-partum women who are addicted to opioids. It is no wonder that the CARA con-ference report has been met with such widespread praise and support. The Ad-diction Policy Forum called it a ‘‘mon-umental step forward.’’ Almost 250 ad-vocacy organizations have written to Congress in support of the report, con-cluding that ‘‘this bill is the critical response we need.’’ These organizations include many influential national ones, such as the Community Anti-Drug Coa-litions of America, the National Crimi-nal Justice Association, and the Na-tional District Attorneys Association. Iowa community organizations are well-represented in that group as well, including the Partnership for a Drug Free Iowa, Kossuth Connections, Siouxland Cares, the Iowa Alliance for Drug Endangered Children, Community Resources United to Stop Heroin of Eastern Iowa—Dubuque Chapter, Quad Cities Harm Reduction, which Kim Brown leads, and many more. The National Fraternal Order of Po-lice wrote in support of the conference report as well. The FOP explained that: 
Law enforcement officers are almost al-ways the first on the scene—even before the paramedics arrive. In these life and death situations, our officers are not looking to make an arrest, but to save a life. Many States and jurisdictions have successfully equipped their officers with [naloxone], trained them to recognize the symptoms of an overdose, and administer it on the scene. We believe that the final conference report on S. 524 will help expand the use of naloxone and give us one more tool to reduce the deaths from this epidemic. 
It isn’t every day we can say that legislation we pass could help save lives. But this is one of those times. I want to thank the Republican leader for moving this legislation on the floor, and providing the Senate the oppor-tunity to pass it this week. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY6.004 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4981 July 12, 2016 
Indeed, heroin deaths spiked dra-matically from 2010 through 2014, more than tripling, from 3,036 to 10,574. But sadly, during this entire time, the Democratic leader didn’t make it a pri-ority to move comprehensive, bipar-tisan legislation on the floor to address this epidemic. Now, some of my colleagues have ex-pressed concern that the conference re-port, an authorization bill, doesn’t also appropriate money for this epidemic as well. But thankfully, under Republican leadership, the appropriations commit-tees have been doing just that. The current Senate appropriations bills in-crease funding for this epidemic by 57 percent over fiscal year 2016 enacted levels, and by 115 percent over fiscal year 2015 enacted levels. So funding for this crisis is poised to more than dou-ble since Republicans took control of the Senate. As this funding continues to increase, the CARA conference re-port will be the blueprint for where this money is most effectively spent. This bill is just the latest example of the productive, bipartisan work we have been doing on the Judiciary Com-mittee this Congress. I want to thank all of the Members for their hard work and for our achievements together. So I urge my colleagues to vote to send CARA to the President this week. And when we come back in September, let’s roll up our sleeves and continue to build on this bipartisan success. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. 
TRAGEDIES IN MICHIGAN AND ACROSS THE  
COUNTRY  
Mr. PETERS. Madam President, I rise with a heavy heart to address dev-astating tragedies that have shaken communities in Michigan and across this country. Just yesterday, the com-munity of St. Joseph, MI, suffered a tragic shooting that cost the lives of two dedicated public servants and in-jured several others. I would like to extend my condo-lences to the families of bailiffs Joseph Zangaro and Ronald Kienzle, who were fatally shot yesterday in Berrien Coun-ty, MI. Both Joseph and Ronald had distinguished careers as public safety officers prior to serving as bailiffs in the Berrien County Courthouse. Joseph Zangaro retired from the Michigan State Police as post com-mander of the Bridgman Post and had worked for the Berrien County Trial Court for over 10 years. Ronald Kienzle retired as a sergeant in road patrol with the Benton Charter Police Department in Benton Harbor, MI, and was a veteran of the U.S. Army. I also want to wish Deputy James Atterbury and Kenya Ellis a speedy re-covery for the wounds they received during this attack. Yesterday’s incident illustrates a very important fact. Whether as a member of a local police department, a rapid transit officer, or a court bailiff, public safety officers risk their lives every day to keep our families and our communities safe. This is a fact we can never forget and a reality that con-fronts public safety officers and their families every day. Across Michigan, our hearts have been shattered by senseless violence like this, and I know the grief of my fellow Michiganders because I feel this grief in my own heart as well. Unfortu-nately, this is not the first tragedy to strike West Michigan this year. We are still reeling from the mass shooting in Kalamazoo in February, where six peo-ple were killed and two were critically injured. We are facing a very difficult time in our country’s history. Last week’s tragedies further demonstrate this point. Within just 48 hours, we saw two separate incidents where American citizens died at the hands of those who were sworn to protect them. Then, what started out as a peaceful protest in response to those deaths, suddenly morphed into an unrelated and horrific attack on law enforcement—an attack on officers who died to protect the rights of protesters to peacefully pro-test. Let me be clear. Something is wrong when a hard-working and beloved cafe-teria supervisor is killed during a rou-tine traffic stop. Something is wrong when police officers, honorably serving and protecting their communities, are killed during a peaceful protest. Some-thing is wrong when a salesman and a father of four dies while selling CDs. Something is wrong when a police offi-cer is ambushed and shot while re-sponding to a 911 call for help. Too many precious lives are being lost, not just in Michigan but in States all across our country. I was heartbroken by the tragic shooting deaths of Philando Castile in Minnesota and Alton Sterling in Lou-isiana last week, only to wake up hor-rified on Friday morning to learn of five Dallas police officers, including Michigan native Michael Krol, who were struck down in the line of duty. We have seen enough violence. Across our countries, our communities are outraged and heartbroken at the num-ber of lives which have been lost. While the events of last week are almost too much to bear, the images from commu-nities like Chicago, Staten Island, Fer-guson, and Baltimore have gripped this Nation’s attention as well. We have seen tears of sadness, burn-ing storefronts, and confrontations be-tween police and young people, as well as peaceful protesters marching through the streets. It is clear there is a persistent and troubling problem in our country that is eroding away Americans’ faith in our justice system. With each troubling incident, it be-comes clear that justice in this coun-try is sometimes neither fair nor equal, and we must act now to address this in-equity. This problem isn’t isolated to our Af-rican-American communities or to our law enforcement communities. These injustices undermine the very values our Nation was built upon. It is the re-sponsibility of each and every one of us to acknowledge that too many Ameri-cans are needlessly dying, and we must come together to stop them. More now than ever, it is time for us to unite as a country to encourage un-derstanding and compassion for our fel-low Americans. Now is the time for us to walk in another’s shoes and ac-knowledge the experiences that have shaped their views. Now is the time for this body to come together to offer so-lutions. The American people need us. It is crystal clear that the relation-ship between law enforcement and the communities they serve is strained, and an overhaul of our criminal justice system is long overdue. On top of these strained relations, we are continuing to see rising prison populations and unsustainable costs as public budgets remain tight. We see too many at-risk youths being funneled out of our schools and into our prison systems, continuing a vi-cious cycle in many of our commu-nities. We see too many people who have served their time only to find that once they get out of prison, they can’t find a good job or a stable home. We need a better understanding of the causes of these concerning trends, and we need to identify solutions that will help ensure we are administering justice in a fair and equitable way for every American—regardless of who they are, where they may live, or their income level. That is why I have intro-duced legislation with Republican Sen-ators LINDSEY GRAHAM of South Caro-lina and J
OHNCORNYN of Texas to cre-ate a National Criminal Justice Com-mission. The Commission will be made up of experts on law enforcement, vic-tims’ rights, civil liberties, and social services who will be charged with un-dertaking an 18-month review of our criminal justice system from the top to the bottom. It is something that has not been done since 1965—more than 50 years ago during another very difficult time in our Nation’s history. The goal of this Commission is to identify commonsense solutions to the serious issues facing our criminal jus-tice system, promote fairness in our laws, build stronger relationships be-tween law enforcement and our com-munities, and strengthen faith—basic faith—in our criminal justice system. The Commission will focus on trans-parency, issuing recommendations to the President and Congress, and mak-ing reports on its findings available to the public and entities within the criminal justice system. It will take a comprehensive approach to reviewing the criminal justice system and will look at numerous issues in light of our current climate. When President Lyndon Johnson’s 1965 Commission last conducted a com-prehensive review over 50 years ago, it was the first time police, prosecution, defense, the courts and corrections were all examined as a whole. That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY6.005 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4982 July 12, 2016 
Commission made more than 200 rec-ommendations to improve the criminal justice system, including creating the 9–1-1 emergency system that is so in-grained in our society today. Our country has changed signifi-cantly over the last 50 years, and an-other top-to-bottom review of our criminal justice system is long over-due. In fact, the President’s Task Force on 21st Century Policing, which was created after the troubling situation in Ferguson, strongly recommended the creation of a national commission to evaluate the entire criminal justice system. The National Criminal Justice Com-mission that my legislation creates will shine a light on the whole scope of our criminal justice system, including police and community relations, our grand jury system, the right to counsel in misdemeanor cases, the lack of speedy trials, and the struggles ex-of-fenders face in finding housing, em-ployment, and support services after leaving prison. This Commission is one critical piece of a larger puzzle. We must also take swift action on our justice system, such as sentencing reform. The Com-mission also has the support of a wide range of groups, including the Fra-ternal Order of Police, the NAACP, the International Association of Chiefs of Police, the National Urban League, and many other law enforcement and civil rights groups. The National Criminal Justice Com-mission is vital to understanding the reforms and best practices that we need to reduce crime, help law enforce-ment do their jobs safely and effec-tively, protect our communities, and build a justice system that works for every American. These problems are not easy, and there are no quick an-swers. It is going to require all of us working together to make these vital changes a reality, but together we can achieve the promise of this great coun-try—justice for every American, no matter who you are, where you live, or how much money you may have in your pocket. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. SCHATZ. Madam President, I hate conspiracy theories. I believe most of the suspicious, confusing, frus-trating, or unknowable things in the world are the way they are not because there are 12 people in a room wringing their hands trying to figure out how to trick all of us but because the world is complicated, often unfair, sometimes illogical, and we all operate with in-complete information. So even as a cli-mate hawk, I came to the idea of an or-ganized misinformation campaign with real hesitation. I didn’t want to be that guy who believes there is an evil em-pire that lies for a living. But here is the thing: I have studied this, and I have learned that there really is an or-ganized, well-financed disinformation and misinformation campaign on the subject of climate change. It is straight out of a bad movie about politics, com-plete with PR guys, dark campaign money, fake scientists, politicians in the mix, and a weakened media. It is like Raymond Tusk actually exists. I rise today to join my colleagues in combating a pervasive and highly dam-aging campaign of misinformation, disinformation, and outright lies. For decades, the same hired guns that tried to convince the American people that there was no link between smoking and lung cancer have been following the same playbook on manmade climate change. They want to sow doubt where no doubt exists. Just like the tobacco companies profited from denial, so too have the fossil fuel companies profited by propping up front groups and sham think tanks that try to convince us that the science on climate change isn’t settled and that no consensus ex-ists between mainstream scientists, but of course that is not true. The American Association for the Advancement of Science said: The science linking human activities to climate change is analogous to the science linking smoking to lung and cardiovascular diseases. Physicians, cardiovascular sci-entists, public health experts, and others all agree that smoking causes cancer, and this consensus among the health community has convinced most Americans that the health risks from smoking are real. A similar con-sensus now exists among climate scientists, a consensus that maintains climate change is happening and human activity is the cause. 
It is worth pausing here to make two basic points. The first is one I men-tioned earlier, and that is that the same techniques which were used to block science and prevent action on to-bacco are now being deployed to pre-vent action on climate. That stands to reason. If you are looking for public re-lations techniques to essentially mis-lead the public so you can squeeze addi-tional years and decades of profit-ability, then you would be wise to use the techniques, methods, and proce-dures that worked in the past, so that sort of stands to reason. It shocks the conscience, but it shouldn’t shock us that this is happening. The really shocking part is this. Of course they would use the same techniques to mis-lead the public regardless of the issue, but the real shock is that it is literally the same people. It is not the same type of person or the same category of person, it is the same human beings and the same professionals. They are the same PR firms, and they have rep-licated the machinery of the Tobacco Institute, sharing processes, proce-dures, personnel, and funding sources. But just as we did against Big Tobacco, we are going to win the war of ideas against Big Oil and Big Coal. The truth is on our side, but the truth is not guaranteed to come out. We actually have to expose their eco-system of misinformation to make real progress on climate, and so for a mo-ment I will talk a little bit about the media, which has played an unfortu-nate role. Generally speaking, people in the U.S. media like to get ‘‘both sides of the story’’ just to be fair, which under many circumstances works just fine. After all, the definition of a bad story in a lot of reporters’ minds is to be one- sided. What happens when one side of the story is factual and the other side is a house of cards? Many in the media still report it as though, on the one hand, scientists say climate change is real, and on the other hand, some say it is not. To be fair, this has improved over the last year or so, but that was the foundational weakness of the American media—their credulity when reporting on deniers—that the climate denial apparatus took full advantage of. There are not two sides to every issue. Sometimes there are just facts on one side and bull on the other. We don’t argue about the existence of gravity or whether the Earth is round or, thankfully, whether smoking causes lung cancer. We have known since the 19th century that carbon di-oxide traps heat much like a green-house. We know that burning fossil fuels releases stored carbon into the at-mosphere. We have seen the evidence of increasing temperatures and rising sea levels for decades. The correlation be-tween levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere and global temperatures is absolutely undeniable. To deny the re-ality of manmade climate change in this context requires willful ignorance. How is this happening? Academics from Yale and Drexel Universities, among others, have researched and ex-posed the many sources of dark money that are fueling the climate denial ma-chine. My colleagues are speaking today—and spoke yesterday as well— about some of the greatest offenders, and I will focus my remarks on just two. One is a small organization that most people haven’t heard of, and an-other is an organization that I think a lot of people who work in politics have heard of. The first is the Center for Study of Carbon Dioxide and Global Change, and the other is the Heartland Institute. The Center for Study of Carbon Diox-ide and Global Change is a family project out of Tempe, AZ, that claims that global warming will be beneficial to humanity. The center does not dis-close funding information because they believe doing so would bias the way people perceive their purpose and pub-lications, and that may be the only thing they say that is true. Transparency is crucial in the world of science because it allows the sci-entific community and the general public to determine whether there might be a conflict of interest. In this instance, there is a conflict of interest. We know that at the very least, ExxonMobil and Peabody coal have given significant sums of money to the center. When two companies with a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.050 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4983 July 12, 2016 
long history of climate denial are pay-ing you to deny the scientific con-sensus on climate change, it is fair to point out that something smells a lit-tle fishy. Better known than the Center for Study of Carbon Dioxide and Global Change is the Heartland Institute, which gained national attention after putting up a billboard comparing those who believed in manmade global warm-ing to the Unabomber, Ted Kaczynski. This tasteless stunt rightfully cost Heartland $825,000 in corporate dona-tions, but Heartland still receives mil-lions of dollars a year from fossil fuel companies and others with a vested in-terest in continuing the status quo. They still have an outsize impact in the national conversation by insinu-ating that the science on climate change is not settled. Not surprisingly, Heartland follows the tobacco playbook to a T. Their reli-ance on dark money means that Heartland’s funding is notoriously dif-ficult to track. According to the watchdog group Conservative Trans-parency, Heartland has received more than $14 million from the Koch-initi-ated Donors Trust and Donors Capital groups, which shield donors’ identities. We know that ExxonMobil has contrib-uted at least $675,000 since 1998, and the Union of Concerned Scientists found that 40 percent of those funds were spe-cifically designated for climate change projects. The money from these organi-zations, among others, allowed Heart-land to publish nearly 3,000 documents toward climate change skepticism be-tween 1998 and 2013. Heartland also or-ganizes gatherings of climate skeptics and defends fossil fuel funding experts who continue to deny the reality of the changing climate we are already seeing today. We have seen this movie before. What is happening this week is his-toric. We are no longer going to allow these front groups to pose as on-the- level think tanks. We have a moral ob-ligation to not only solve this problem but to also fix our politics. We should all be making decisions about how best to solve this problem. Let’s have this great debate. Let the two major political parties have an ar-gument about the best way to tackle climate change because this isn’t just a climate thing at this point, this is an integrity thing. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. (The remarks of Mr. G
ARDNER per-taining to the submission of S. Res. 526 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Min-nesota. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues to expose those who continue to deny the science of climate change and try to deceive the American people. This is important because climate change is an existen-tial threat to our planet and to future generations. By denying climate science and lobbying against efforts to address climate change, these deniers are subjecting the planet and every-body on it to great risk. Climate change will have significant adverse impacts on all of our States, including my State of Minnesota. Just look at our agriculture sector, which is responsible for one out of every five jobs in Minnesota. Warmer tempera-tures and more intensive droughts are going to negatively impact this impor-tant rural economic engine. In fact, a recent study estimates that with no adaptation efforts against climate change, Midwest crop production could decrease by more than 60 percent by the end of the century. Climate change will also impact our waters, and that is important to my State—the Land of 10,000 Lakes—which includes Lake Superior. Lake Superior alone contains about 10 percent of the world’s fresh surface water, and it is warming by two degrees per decade. Because of this warming, we are seeing more evaporation and lower water lev-els in the lake. Plus, rising tempera-tures allow for more favorable condi-tions for invasive species and haz-ardous algal blooms. Warmer tempera-tures could also have severe con-sequences for fish like walleye pike and trout that are so important to Min-nesota fisheries and ecosystems. And let’s not forget the threat of cli-mate change to our forests. As in our lakes, warmer temperatures elevate the threat of invasive species such as the emerald ash borer and gypsy moth that are rapidly changing the composi-tion of our forests—or the bark beetle in Colorado, the State the Presiding Officer represents. They destroy trees and cost economies and money and jobs. So we can see that climate change poses a very serious threat to Min-nesota and to our country. I believe it is the defining issue of our genera-tion—an issue that demands immediate action. But, unfortunately, there are some groups that have been trying to prevent action. These groups have spent many millions of dollars mud-dying the water, distorting the science, deceiving the American people, and, ul-timately, delaying the response that we desperately need. Over the last two days, my col-leagues have come to the floor to ex-pose this web of denial—the extensive network of groups and individuals who are spreading lies about climate change—and I am here today to expose one of the worst actors of all: the Her-itage Foundation. The Heritage Foundation is a right-wing ideological organization known for advocating for discriminatory so-cial and economic policy—things like attacking voting rights, privatizing So-cial Security, and favoring tax breaks for the rich to the detriment of the middle class. They are also a mouth-piece for climate denial. If you go to the Heritage Foundation web site, you will find that it says that climate change is ‘‘used too often as a vehicle to advance special interests and politically driven agendas.’’ That is rich, coming from an ideological or-ganization devoted to promoting a par-tisan agenda. No one can deny that. The Heritage Foundation is noto-rious for trying to undermine the science on climate change. Their favor-ite claim is that ‘‘the only consensus over the threat of climate change that seems to exist these days is that there is no consensus.’’ Even as recently as April, a report that the Heritage Foundation issued referred to climate scientists as ‘‘a field that is a mere few decades old’’ and that ‘‘no overwhelming consensus exists among climatologists.’’ While these statements may grab headlines, they are utterly false. Climate change science actually dates back to the 1800s—before Henry Ford sold his first car, before Thomas Edison invented the light bulb, and even before the first oil well was drilled in the United States. In 1824, French scientist Joseph Fourier pro-posed that the atmosphere keeps the Earth warm—what we know today as the greenhouse effect. In 1859, an Irish scientist, John Tyn-dall, attributed this warming to sev-eral gases, including carbon dioxide. In 1896, a Swedish scientist, Svante Arrhenius published the first calcula-tion of global warming from human emissions of carbon dioxide. In the more than 100 years since, scientists all around the world have studied, de-bated, and researched different aspects of the issue. So when staff from the Heritage Foundation, none of whom actually have advanced scientific degrees, write a report that claims climate science is a new field that has little scientific consensus, they are ignoring the nearly 200 years of research—a scientific body of research that has led to 97 percent of climate scientists agreeing that hu-mans are causing global warming. But every now and then, even the Heritage Foundation admits that cli-mate change is in fact real. But when they admit it, they pretend that cli-mate change isn’t a big deal and that it is not worth our time to combat it. In 2010, a senior policy analyst at the Her-itage Foundation—with a degree in law, not climate science, mind you— declared that ‘‘none of the scary stuff about global warming is true, and what is true about global warming, what the science actually tells us about man’s role in changing the climate, is far from terrifying.’’ Now all of this science denial and false propaganda might not be such a big deal if climate change wasn’t such a serious problem, but when you look at the scope of the problem you quick-ly realize how the Heritage Foundation is acting in an incredibly and delib-erately irresponsible way. Last year, I traveled to the climate change conference in Paris and met 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.052 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4984 July 12, 2016 
with a delegation of leaders from Ban-gladesh, a country that has contrib-uted little to industrial air pollution but is one of the most vulnerable to the negative impacts of climate change. It is estimated that unless we act, rising sea levels will inundate 17 percent of Bangladesh, displacing about 18 million people in this low-lying nation by the end of this century. Even now, rising sea levels are impacting Bangladesh through salt water intrusion, reducing agricultural yields and ruining drink-ing water supplies. It is already having a profound effect. We are talking about a very poor country that doesn’t have the re-sources to deal with climate change. Bangladeshis will be uprooted and turned into climate refugees without a home. I would bet these individuals would disagree with the Heritage Foun-dation that the impacts of climate change are ‘‘far from terrifying.’’ If you think the Syrian refugee crisis is difficult to deal with, just think of the magnitude of what we will see if we do not address climate change. For a lawyer at the Heritage Foundation to make this claim is not only irrespon-sible but, frankly, dangerous to the welfare of people around the world. These are just a few examples of the falsehoods that the Heritage Founda-tion spreads about climate change. If I had the time, I could go on for hours— maybe, even, days—quoting more of those lies. In fact, from 1998 to 2013, the Heritage Foundation published more than 1,600 documents contributing to climate skepticism, and they have pub-lished many more since. So I think we can say the Heritage Foundation is de-liberate and unwavering in its fraud and deceit. One might ask: Why would the Herit-age Foundation work to deceive the American people in such a way? What do they get out of it? Well, I will tell you. It is because they are being paid to do so by self-in-terested fossil fuel companies like ExxonMobil and people with major in-vestments in fossil fuel companies, like the Koch brothers. Perhaps you have heard of them. The Heritage Founda-tion’s work to espouse lies and prevent action on climate change directly ben-efits the bottom line of the companies and brothers who are funding them. We know this because over the past two decades ExxonMobil donated nearly $1 million to the Heritage Foundation; and the Koch brothers, the owners of the fossil fuel conglomerate Koch In-dustries, contributed nearly $6 million. These companies and brothers are wor-ried that if people knew what their products were doing to the planet, they would stop buying their products or transition to other renewable energy or public policy would drive the markets away from their products. So in order to protect their bottom line, they set out to misinform the public. That is what they do for a living, and Heritage and many other similar organizations, are helping them to spread their false-hoods. That is what they do at the Her-itage Foundation for a living. The money paid to Heritage goes to supposed experts whose jobs are to re-lease thousands of bogus reports about climate change. These experts are not climate scientists. They are lawyers and economists serving as puppets for the fossil fuel industry. These same so- called experts publish op-eds and do interviews in media outlets around the country—talk radio—helping to spread disinformation or misinformation or what we sometimes call lies. They also brief Congress and serve as trusted au-thorities for staff in many Republican offices. So it shouldn’t surprise us that my Republican colleagues deny climate change when they rely on these ex-perts. Despite the best efforts of the Koch brothers, the Heritage Foundation, and other deniers, people around the coun-try are not fooled. In Minnesota we are seeing changes to our crops, lakes, and forests. Instead of sticking their heads in the sand, Minnesotans are taking ac-tion. In 2007, under a Republican Governor, my home State established a renewable energy standard to produce 25 percent of our power from renewable sources by 2025. That same year, Minnesota passed an energy efficiency standard to re-quire utilities to become a little more efficient every year. To top things off, Minnesota established an aggressive goal to reduce greenhouse gases 80 per-cent by 2050. These are the kinds of policies that we need to combat cli-mate change, and these are also the kinds of policies that the Heritage Foundation is fighting tooth and nail to prevent. It is not just the Minnesota legisla-ture that is taking action. Minnesota businesses also recognize the impor-tance of fighting climate change. Last year I joined Dave MacLennan, the CEO of Cargill, in penning an op-ed in the Minneapolis StarTribune to high-light the threat of climate change to agriculture, especially considering that global population will reach 9 billion by midcentury. As the CEO of a food company focused on agriculture, Dave is concerned about what climate change is going to do to our food sup-ply. He is not alone. We have busi-nesses all over our State that are in-stalling wind turbines and solar panels and manufacturing cutting-edge energy efficiency technologies. Minnesotans aren’t fooled by the Heritage Foundation. On the contrary, to them, climate change represents a Sputnik moment—an opportunity to rise to the challenge and defeat that threat. In response to Sputnik, we ended up not just winning the space race and sending a man to the moon, we did all sorts of good things for the American economy and society. We did it before, and we can do it again. By rising to the challenge of cli-mate change, we will not just clean our air, but also drive innovation and cre-ate jobs, and not only in the clean en-ergy sector. I have two grandchildren, and I am expecting my third later this year. God willing, they will live through this cen-tury and into the next, and in 50 years I don’t want my grandson Joe to turn to me and say: Grandpa, you were in the Senate, and you knew about the se-verity of climate change. Why didn’t you do anything to stop it? And also, why are you still alive? You are 115 years old. I will say it was all investments we made in our age. I want my grandson to know that when we had the oppor-tunity to put the planet on a safer path, we seized the moment. So let’s not allow the Heritage Foun-dation and all of these different mem-bers of this web to slow us down. Let’s not let the selfish motivations of shad-owy donors with ties to the fossil fuel industry prevent us from making the planet a safer and more habitable place for our children, our grandchildren, and future generations. It really is time to stand up to igno-rance and denial. It is time for all of us on both sides of the aisle to do what is right for future generations. I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, at 11 a.m., Wednes-day, July 13, the Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the con-ference report to accompany S. 524. I further ask that following the cloture vote, the Chair lay before the Senate the message to accompany H.R. 636, the FAA bill; that the majority leader or his designee be recognized to make a motion to concur in the House amend-ments to the Senate amendments; and that the time until 1:45 p.m. be equally divided between the leaders or their designees. I ask that following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the motion to concur in the House amendments to the Senate amendments with no intervening ac-tion or debate and that all time allo-cated for consideration of H.R. 636 count postcloture on S. 524, if cloture is invoked. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. For the informa-tion of all Senators, the cloture vote on the CARA conference report will occur at 11 a.m. tomorrow, with the vote on the FAA bill scheduled at 1:45 p.m. Senators should expect a vote on adoption of the CARA conference re-port during tomorrow’s session. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The Senator from Louisiana. 
ZIKA VIRUS FUNDING  
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I come as a Senator, but actually I come wear-ing two different hats right now—two more hats aside from being a Senator. One of them is a teacher. I still teach at the LSU Medical School and have for the last 30 years, so I decided to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.054 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4985 July 12, 2016 
a presentation on something wearing my next hat. In my life as a physician, I have done much work in public health and have learned, by the way, that if you head off illness early, you save a lot of money. You save a lot of money after that. I call it the balloon theory. If you put a balloon up to helium and you squeeze the nozzle, it inflates quickly, but if you pull it off the nozzle, it re-mains deflated. Right now, we have something at risk with Zika that will be like that helium balloon—inflating rapidly un-less we do that initial thing that pulls the balloon off the helium so that it works. I am a teacher, so I decided to do something different. If anybody in the audience so chooses, they can put their phone and their QR code reader up to the television or the computer monitor and they can scan this barcode, and they will see the slides we are about to go over. So if you are watching at home and you wish to follow, then you can download these slides, and if you think them important, you can forward these slides to another person. Again, that is my effort as a teacher to try to speak about the spread of Zika. This is Jose Wesley, born to a Bra-zilian mother who contracted Zika probably in her first 3 months of preg-nancy. When Zika went through the momma’s blood when Jose was in her womb, into the amniotic fluid or through the placenta, it entered Jose’s body and went to his brain. That virus stayed inside his brain and terribly af-fected his brain. Jose was born with microcephaly. You cannot really see from this angle what microcephaly is, but what ‘‘microcephaly’’ means is ‘‘small brain.’’ Here is a profile of a child with microcephaly. You can see that—un-like the big head babies normally have—this is a very small head. This is associated with severe neurologic defi-cits and early death. This is a tragedy and potentially a preventable tragedy. Again, the teacher in me wants to talk a little bit about Zika. The spread of Zika historically gives us insight as to what we must fear now. Zika was first discovered back in 1951 in Africa, Uganda. Then, at some point in the three decades that followed, it spread quickly to Asia, and then from Asia to Yap Island in 2007, which is in the Pa-cific. In 2013 and 2014, it went to more Pacific islands. In 2015 and 2016, it en-tered the Americas. At some point, it began to spread rapidly. This is impor-tant because it is now in the Americas threatening Americans. These are States which have cases of Zika. Here is the U.S. Virgin Islands. Here is Puerto Rico. They have the most, but almost every State is af-fected. Most folks have contracted it elsewhere and brought it back to their State, but there are some folks who re-ceived it sexually. So their partner contracted it, perhaps in Brazil, and came back to Texas or Florida or Lou-isiana, where I am from, and they con-tracted it sexually. Nonetheless, the virus is in the United States. It is particularly a prob-lem in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. These are American citizens. These Puerto Ricans, if they wish, can board a plane and travel anyplace they wish in the continental United States. That is their right as Americans. Simi-larly, these folks who are infected in these States can travel anyplace they wish. Why is that important? Well, theo-retically, it is important because these are the areas where the mosquitos that carry the Zika virus live in the United States. So theoretically, wherever these mosquitos are—and Hawaii should be on here someplace—the virus can enter and the virus can be trans-mitted by the mosquitos to many other Americans. By the way, though, it is not just that you have to live where the mos-quitos are. The first person to die from Zika in the continental United States just died in Utah. She contracted it elsewhere but then died in Utah. So the risk to our country is at least this. I will be perfectly honest. It is particu-larly a risk for those on the gulf coast because we have the sort of subtropical climate in which Zika flourishes. That is why I am particularly concerned. But wearing my other hat as a public health doctor, I know we have this mo-ment in time. Either we pull that bal-loon off so it does not inflate with Zika, damaging our country, creating more Joses here in the United States, or not. Some of you may have seen the barcode that I held up initially. You may have downloaded that. We will hold up that barcode again if you wish to download these slides, but all of these are on the PowerPoint presen-tation that you may download should you wish. Public health emergencies are inevi-table. Let’s talk about the response to this one. Mr. President, $600 million that was left over from the Ebola fund has been released to CDC and other agencies to mount a response against Zika. Now, $600 million was left over, and only one-fifth of it has been spent. So there are still substantial dollars available, but the CDC and other Fed-eral agencies say they need more. Republicans have supported $1.2 bil-lion in additional funding to fight Zika. My colleagues on the Democratic side—we have a difference over this. They are opposing this $1.2 billion to fight Zika because they say the Repub-lican bill discriminates against Planned Parenthood. Planned Parenthood is not men-tioned in the bill, and the way it dis-criminates—I have been in Wash-ington—in the Senate, at least—for 2 years, and sometimes you have to kind of figure out why people are taking of-fense at something. Even though Planned Parenthood is not mentioned, the reason they object is because we specify that the money needs to go to a public agency, one that sees Medicaid patients, the State or territory Federal program that takes care of the unin-sured. Planned Parenthood is not a Medicaid provider. So it is not that they are not men-tioned; it is that they are a private en-tity that, in Puerto Rico, does not ac-cept Medicaid. So we could carve in and say: If you are a private entity, you can also receive these Federal dol-lars to provide family planning. It just so happens that in Puerto Rico, Planned Parenthood does not. So Republicans are trying to release $1.2 billion to pull the balloon off the helium so it does not inflate with all kinds of cases, and one more case of a Jose would be one case too many. But we are caught up in this snafu about Planned Parenthood. It is the craziest thing in the world, but unfortunately it is how Washington, DC, sometimes works. As a public health physician, I find that incredibly offensive. As a doctor who understands the critical nature of this, I am asking folks on the other side of the aisle to accept that this bill may not be exactly what they want—it is not exactly what I want—but it is something that would give additional resources to the Centers for Disease Control and others to begin to fight the Zika virus before it comes more exten-sively to our Nation’s shores. We can anticipate that public health emergencies in the future are inevi-table. For example, we recently had Ebola. We had the West Nile virus. We have already spoken about Zika. So aside from hoping that my Democratic colleagues will agree to release the $1.2 billion to fight Zika now, there is also something else I am proposing, but I don’t want to sound overly partisan be-cause I am doing this particular bill with my Democrats—with Senator B
RIAN SCHATZ from Hawaii. We are put-ting forward the Public Health Emer-gency Response and Accountability Act. I am from Louisiana. We have had hurricanes. Hurricane Katrina is the one that is the most famous. If there is a hurricane or another natural disaster that hits an American State, then FEMA has a budget that is automati-cally triggered. It does not have to go through this appropriations process. We don’t tie it down in discussions of extraneous matters. It is something that immediately comes to bear to bring relief to those affected by natural disasters. The other thing that is done is that normal Federal contracting processes are waived. So instead of having to get 10 different signatures—which literally might be the case—for someone to travel from Washington, DC, to Lou-isiana or Kansas or Florida, it is waived and that emergency response coordinator may immediately go. There is oversight, so this is not carte blanche, but it is a more effective way 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.055 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4986 July 12, 2016 
to bring Federal resources, in partner-ship with local resources, to bring re-lief to those affected. We bring that flexibility in the use of funds while re-taining accountability. We call this the Public Health Emer-gency Response and Accountability Act, and we anticipate entering this in very soon. Senator S
CHATZ has been wonderful to work with in terms of this aspect of what we are doing. So there are two issues. The $1.2 bil-lion that we should release now, that would immediately go—it is not a per-fect bill, but we have to prevent more cases of these children who are trag-ically born with microcephaly, as well as more deaths, like the woman who recently died in Utah. Then, No. 2, we need to have the response and account-ability act, which gets rid of this proc-ess we struggle through in order to re-lease those funds to bring the relief we need. Let me summarize by saying this: This is a baby with microcephaly. I think there have been three children born in the United States already—not conceived here but born here—who have microcephaly. This child’s life is limited. She will most likely die at an early age, with severe neurological deficits. If you just want to look at it in a dollars-and-cents approach, this child will be a ward of the State for the entirety of her life and will cost the Federal taxpayer millions of dollars. We have already had these babies born in Puerto Rico, New Jersey, and Hawaii. There are two pregnant women in Illinois who tested positive for Zika, and we had a death in Utah and Puerto Rico—not children but adults. The question is, Will the Senate work to stop this? And again, if you are watch-ing and you wish, you can scan this barcode, you can download this presen-tation. Let me finish by saying this. I just said the Senate should work to stop the spread of Zika. You can do some-thing. We are a representative democ-racy and we respond to you, the people, and if we don’t, by golly, you should vote us out. So I am asking you, if you are watching at home and you think there needs to be a response quickly and efficiently and effectively to com-bat the spread of Zika, you can either barcode this or not, but whatever you do, call your Senator. Ask your Sen-ator—ask her or him—to support ef-forts to stop the spread of Zika, to re-lease the $1.2 billion, and to also sup-port the bill Senator S
CHATZ and I are putting forward, the Public Health Emergency Response and Account-ability Fund. Ultimately, we answer to you, the people. That is a good thing. I ask you to perhaps use this tool to help us, to encourage us to answer to you, as we should. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues from the Senate Climate Action Task Force on the floor to bring attention to the well-funded network of organizations that are de-liberately misleading the public on cli-mate change. My colleagues have called them the web of denial. We all gathered on the floor yesterday and today to bring attention to these polit-ical front groups that are acting as major roadblocks to the actions we must take as a nation and as a global community to address the difficult and disruptive but absolute and unequivo-cal scientific reality of climate change. This web of denial is made up of doz-ens of organizations propped up by dark money. These political front groups for wealthy and self-interested donors like the Koch brothers—you may have heard of them—peddle bogus theories that climate change isn’t real or, at the very least, the American public should doubt the overwhelming scientific evidence and fear what might happen if we enact policies that move us toward cleaner energy solutions. These organizations are promoting policies that are completely counter-productive at a time when we urgently need to take decisive action to combat climate change and to protect the health of our children and future gen-erations. As many of my constituents know well, climate change has already had a very real and costly impact in my home State of New Mexico, as it has across our Nation and around the world. In New Mexico, we are already seeing more extreme and prolonged drought conditions, larger wildfires, shrinking forests, and increased flood-ing. This is the reality now, not some far-off date in the future, and the longer we wait to act, the more dif-ficult and the more expensive the solu-tions will be. That is why the fictitious narratives spun by this web of denial and their or-ganizations are so dangerous and why we, as policymakers, need to stand and refute their lies. We need to disclose who they really are and discredit their campaigns. I am focusing this evening on the American Legislative Exchange Coun-cil, or ALEC. ALEC is an organization made up of State legislators across the Nation, and ALEC claims that nearly one-quarter of our country’s State leg-islators are affiliated with the organi-zation. ALEC calls itself a nonpartisan organization that promotes an ex-change of ideas to help create State- based policies that promote economic growth. Sounds like motherhood and apple pie, doesn’t it? But when you take a look at who is behind ALEC’s oper-ations and you take a look at the types of policy they are pushing in State cap-itols across this Nation, you get a sense for their real agenda, and you can tell they are part of the coordi-nated and well-funded campaign to peddle doubt and skepticism about the settled science of climate change. ALEC has been described as ‘‘a dat-ing service between politicians at the State level, local elected politicians, and many of America’s biggest compa-nies.’’ ALEC writes ‘‘model policy’’— thousands of cookie cutter, anti-con-servation bills that legislators can in-troduce under their own name, in their own States, in hopes of turning them into law. Specifically, in the area of energy policy, ALEC pushes a concerted legis-lative agenda that is in line with the rest of the Koch network to promote climate skepticism and roll back laws that protect clean air and water. ALEC’s ‘‘model bills’’ read like they were written by the biggest polluters in our country because they probably were. There are resolutions condemning the Clean Power Plan, calling for States to withdraw from regional cli-mate initiatives and to reconsider na-tional environmental standards such as rules that reduce ozone pollution—and, I might add, save lives. ALEC also pushes bills that call for repealing re-newable fuel standards that are moving our electric grid toward cleaner energy sources. ALEC has also written model resolu-tions that call for selling off or turning over public lands, such as our national forests in Western States like New Mexico and across our country. The current ALEC State chair in my home State of New Mexico introduced legis-lation at the Roundhouse in recent years called the Transfer of Public Land Act, which would call on the Fed-eral Government to turn our public lands over to State management. The only way Western States like mine could foot the bill for admin-istering America’s public lands would be to raise taxes dramatically or—and this is much more likely—sell off large expanses to developers and other pri-vate interests. Over time, it would mean public lands that New Mexicans go to every summer to hike and camp and barbecue with their families, the national forests where they go to chase elk and mule deer during hunting sea-son would be closed off behind no tres-passing signs. I have long believed public lands are an equalizer in America, where access to public lands ensure you don’t need to be a millionaire to enjoy the great outdoors or to introduce your family, your children to hunting and fishing and hiking. This land-grab idea is just as ludicrous as denying climate change, just as detached from reality, and similarly comes at the expense of our public health and protection of our public lands and resources. Frankly, you don’t have to do a deep- dive investigation to figure out what is going on. The so-called policy experts and leaders that make up ALEC’s board of directors are on the record as climate skeptics. ALEC’s CEO, Lisa Nelson, said: ‘‘I don’t know the science on that,’’ when she was asked if CO2 emissions are the primary driver of cli-mate change. Texas State representa-tive Phil King, the national board 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.056 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4987 July 12, 2016 
chair for ALEC in 2015, said: ‘‘I think the global warming theory is bad science.’’ And Connecticut State rep-resentative John Piscopo, ALEC’s na-tional board chairman in 2013, said: ‘‘The public has been hoodwinked. . . . I have serious doubts about whether [climate change] is manmade.’’ We all know the reason ALEC’s mem-bers and leaders say things like this and promote these kinds of bills. It is because so much of the funding for ALEC’s operations comes from sources other than membership dues. Over 98 percent of ALEC’s revenues comes from corporations and trade groups and cor-porate foundations. That is how ALEC works, by sewing uninformed seeds of doubt to move the needle at the State and local level toward anti-science, anti-climate action policies that ben-efit their funders’ bottom line. ALEC is just one piece of a large web of similar dark money organizations that promote climate skepticism and are dangerous fronts for corporate in-terests to deliberately mislead the pub-lic and influence lawmakers. To see just one other recent example of this in my home State of New Mexico, I would like to take a moment to look at a let-ter to the editor published last week in the Las Cruces Sun-News by the Envi-ronmental Policy Alliance. This is another one of those web-of- denial political front groups. In the let-ter to the editor, they claim that con-servation and monument designations are really ‘‘federal land grabs’’ and the work of ‘‘radical environmental groups’’ trying to stop economic devel-opment. These ‘‘radical groups’’ and ‘‘green decoys’’ are, according to the letter, such dangerous groups as Trout Unlimited, the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership, the Izaak Walton League, and Backcountry Hunters & Anglers, groups that all stand up for the interests of sportsmen and hunters and anglers—certainly not what most of my constituents would consider radical. A close look shows who the real decoy is. The Environmental Policy Al-liance is funded by the Western Fuels Association, another organization in the web of denial, and it is a pet project of lobbyist Rick Berman, who has also led deceptive public campaigns on behalf of cigarette and alcohol com-panies and now dirty energy. This or-ganization doesn’t care about the best way to manage our publicly owned lands or preserving the ability of Americans—no matter what their stake in life is, how much money they make—to experience our country’s rich outdoor heritage. Instead, the Environ-mental Policy Alliance wants to put our public lands up for sale so the cor-porate elite can develop them for their own use and their own profit. The Environmental Policy Alliance has published similar letters in dozens of small to midsized city newspapers all across our country in recent years— canned letters with no connection to local sentiment. The reality is, the Organ Mountains- Desert Peaks National Monument in Southern New Mexico, which this group has slandered, serves as a na-tional example of community-driven, landscape-scale conservation. In fact, independent polling shows over-whelming local support for this monu-ment, and I am proud of my close work with the region’s diverse coalition and stakeholders that worked so hard for so many years to make that monument a reality. Two years into the Organ Mountains- Desert Peaks designation, local busi-nesses in the Las Cruces area are at-tracting major tourism dollars and eco-nomic benefits. The Lonely Planet guidebook has named Southern New Mexico as a top 10 ‘‘Best in the U.S.’’ for 2016 destination, and highlights the national monument as a reason to visit. The tax revenues of the town of Mesilla have jumped over 20 percent since the monument’s creation, and Las Cruces’ lodgers tax revenues are up since 2015, in part because of new con-ferences and meetings attracted to the area by the monument. You can see how out of touch these groups are that want to instead sell off this public land. The organizations that make up this web of denial are promoting dishonest and deceptive campaigns that frankly run directly counter to the public interest. At a time when we desperately need to move our State and national energy and conservation policies forward, we should be taking the overwhelming and indisputable scientific fact of climate change seriously, and we should make smart and forward-looking investments in the sustainable, low-carbon fuels of the future. I am convinced advances in energy efficiency and generation and trans-mission of clean power offer us a road-map that not only allows us to combat climate change but to do it in a way that will create thousands of new jobs and much needed economic activity in New Mexico and all across our country. That is the reality, just like climate change. Climate change is not theo-retical. It is one of those stubborn facts that doesn’t go away just because we choose to ignore it or if we listen to the company line from self-interested Koch donor networks and organiza-tions like ALEC. I think it is time to call these ‘‘Astroturf’’ groups out for who they really are and, frankly, who they really answer to. More importantly, it is time to take action on the moral challenge of our time—addressing climate change—so that our children can in-herit the future they truly deserve. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The Senator from New Hamp-shire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I rise today to join my colleagues in speak-ing out against what I believe is the misleading and dangerous campaign of some in the fossil fuel industry to un-dermine this Nation’s efforts to combat global climate change. The science on climate change is be-yond rational dispute. Climate change is real. It is a clear and present threat to our planet, and it must be addressed robustly and urgently. Scientists have proven unequivocally that CO2and other greenhouse gases we release into the atmosphere when we burn fossil fuels act to trap heat and form an invisible blanket to warm the planet. Over the last century, the Earth’s average temperature has con-tinued to rise, with 9 of the 10 warmest years on record occurring since the year 2000. True to form, 2015 was the Earth’s warmest year on record. Rising global temperatures have led to extreme changes in weather events and in our environment. No country is insulated and no State is insulated from the es-calating effects of climate change. In the United States, we are seeing it in this every region of the country, and we are witnessing its effects very dra-matically in my State of New Hamp-shire. Rising temperatures are affect-ing our tourism, our outdoor recre-ation, and our agriculture industries. We are experiencing an onset of nega-tive health impacts and increases of in-sect-borne diseases—Lyme disease is one—all of which can be tied to the ef-fects of climate change. In the United States and throughout the world, people acknowledge that global warming is an existential threat that requires immediate action to slow its pace and mitigate its effects, even while those climate deniers are still out there, making noise. According to the Pew Research Cen-ter, two-thirds of all Americans ac-knowledge that climate change is real and that action must be taken to ad-dress it. But there are some, an ex-treme but influential minority, who argue that climate change is a hoax; that it lacks scientific consensus; that the changes we observe are not due to CO
2and other greenhouse gas emis-sions, but they are due instead to vari-ations in the sun or cosmic rays; and that policies to limit greenhouse gas emissions will ruin our economy. Not surprisingly, these climate deniers are not scientists, though they may pretend to be. They are front groups funded by the fossil fuel indus-try, generally, and the Koch brothers, in particular. These front groups are paid to spin a web of denial wrapped in ideology with the aim of purposely de-ceiving the public about the dangers of climate change. This is deceitful and it is wrong, and we are here on the floor this afternoon to call out these groups by name so that the public knows what to watch for and there is some trans-parency about what is being said. One of those groups is the Competi-tive Enterprise Institute, or CEI, based in Washington, DC. This group de-scribes itself as ‘‘a public policy orga-nization committed to advancing the principles of free enterprise and lim-ited government.’’ But if we look more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.058 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4988 July 12, 2016 
closely, we find that CEI is not an inde-pendent organization. It is funded by powerful corporations designed to spread untruths and disinformation on behalf of its corporate sponsors. In recent years, CEI has taken up the issue of climate change. It has been outspoken in disputing scientific evi-dence that human-produced greenhouse gas emissions are driving global warm-ing. Some may recognize CEI not for its work on climate denial but for its prominent role in misleading the pub-lic about the scientific evidence link-ing smoking to lung cancer and heart disease. Legal documents from major tobacco companies exposed the fact that CEI received more than $800,000 from Philip Morris to launch coordi-nated media campaigns to attack the Food and Drug Administration’s efforts to regulate tobacco. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that a series of these documents be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
WRO E FFORTS  Beginning last fall, the assistance of the Washington Legal Foundation, Citizens for a Sound Economy and the Competitiveness Enterprise Institute was sought to define the FDA as an agency out of control and one failing to live up to its Congressional man-date regarding regulation of drugs and med-ical devices. Beginning in December, those groups con-ducted an aggressive media campaign toward those goals, incorporating the issuance of policy papers, conducting symposia, filing petitions with FDA and taking other steps to keep the public and media focus on the agen-cy. On the legislative front, a group of south-ern Democrats began negotiating with the White House early this year on behalf of the industry seeking to eliminate any role for the FDA in the regulation of tobacco. The quid pro quo in these negotiations would be voluntary concessions on the part of the industry on the issue of youth access to cigarettes. Leading the negotiations were Sen. Wendell Ford and Rep. L.F. Payne. After nearly eight months of discussion, the WH rejected the compromise. Beginning in January, members of Con-gress—at the urging of several outside groups including Citizens for a Sound Econ-omy—began taking a much closer look at the FDA appropriations request. That scru-tiny led to the successful effort to eliminate $300 million sought by FDA to consolidate its offices in a new federal campus, by any measure a major setback for Kessler. Meanwhile, Congress also was scrutinizing the regular appropriations and voted to freeze the agency’s budget, effectively de-creasing the level of funding for next year when adjusted for inflation. Language was inserted in that legislation to restrict Kessler’s authority to assign em-ployees to various projects and a list of ques-tions was submitted to Kessler regarding his investigation into tobacco, including what resources and personnel were being devoted to the effort. Congress has not been satisfied with his re-sponses to date, raising the issue of whether Kessler has been evasive or even engaged in obstruction of Congress in this area. Congress also initiated a series of over-sight hearings regarding the agency, con-ducted in the House by Rep. Thomas Bliley and in the Senate by Sen. Nancy Kassebaum. Those hearings focused on whether the FDA was fulfilling its mission and included sev-eral demands by Congress for documents and deposition. At the Senate oversight hearing, former FDA Commissioner Charlie Edwards testi-fied, raising further questions of whether the FDA was acting legally and responsibly in pursuing a course that would lead to tobacco regulation. As a result of the growing focus on FDA from inside and outside Congress and the groundwork laid through the oversight and investigations committee work, legislation to reform the FDA was proposed earlier this year and is expected to be formally intro-duced in September. A key provision in the reform legislation will be to restrict FDA’s regulatory authority. The House Agriculture Committee also re-quested that Kessler supply all documents he was using in consideration of his tobacco regulations. Kessler has resisted, and that ef-fort continues. In recognition that Kessler ultimately would play some regulatory role regarding tobacco, an aggressive campaign was con-ducted over the past six months to educate members of Congress and their staffs regard-ing the issue of regulation. One result of that campaign was a July 15 press bipartisan press conference led by Reps. L.F. Payne and Richard Burr as a re-sult of media reports that Kessler had sent his regulatory proposal to the White House. Participants circulated Dear Colleague let-ters throughout Congress and submitted Op- Ed pieces to their hometown newspapers challenging the need for FDA regulation. Also, as a result of those education efforts, delegations of elected officials met with White House officials in an effort to derail federal intervention in tobacco regulation. The groundwork that has been laid legisla-tively has been designed to create a recep-tive atmosphere in Congress for legislation that will be introduced to eliminate FDA’s role in tobacco regulation. The timing and specifics of such legislation are under consid-eration. Efforts in Congress also were made to iden-tify unlikely allies—those who generally are more concerned with the politics of regula-tion rather than the substance—and resulted in meetings with the WH with Sen. Chris Dodd and Rep. Dick Gephardt. Labor also presented opposition to Kessler’s role in reg-ulation. Recognizing that legislators weren’t the only point of White House access, a con-ference of tobacco growers held this summer focused on the ramifications of FDA regula-tion. Both Sen. Ford and Rep. Payne spoke to growers, and efforts continue to mobilize the agricultural community in opposition to the proposed regulation. The support of Administration political ad-visors was enlisted to discuss the ramifica-tions of FDA regulation, and those efforts also continue. S
TATE ACTIVITIES  Efforts focused primarily on defining the issue of youth smoking as one that properly should be addressed at the state and local level, rather than having FDA intervene with any regulatory scheme. In all 50 states, the stated goal was to en-dorse or pass reasonable marketing laws which stop minors from purchasing ciga-rettes, with a minimum of government inter-ference in the marketing of the cigarettes to adult smokers. State elected officials also were contacted to intervene with the White House to stress the point that there was no need for FDA regulation. In addition to the states’ rights issues, economic and political arguments were incorporated in the discussions with Administration officials. Support of the American Legislative Ex-change Council—a public/private consortium of conservative state legislators—took a stand against FDA regulation, as did the Southern Legislative Congerence, a group af-filiated with the Council of State Govern-ments. Meetings were held with the Southland Corp., one of the nation’s largest cigarette retailers, and with the Food Marketing Insti-tute and National Association of Conven-ience Stores to brief those groups on poten-tial adverse impacts of FDA regulation and to enlist their opposition. A working group was formed by the To-bacco Institute to bring together industry representatives and the retail and wholesale trade communities to join together and work toward the common goal of compliance with laws prohibiting sales of tobacco products to minors. Much of the focus centered on em-ployee education regarding underage sales. Covington and Burling also was given the as-signment of drafting appropriate state legis-lation that could be used as a model in state legislatures. A blueprint was established to enable the company to contact and mobilize legislative and retail association allies to participate in the 90–day comment period once the Kessler regulations were released and to support ap-propriate Congressional action on the issue. Third-party spokespeople were identified in each state to address the issues of FDA regulation with local media, and a state elected official in each state has been identi-fied to enlist his or her colleagues in upcom-ing legislative sessions on youth access issues. INTERNAL ACTIVITIES /MEDIA RELATIONS  Work began last year to formulate a PM program that would address the issue of youth access, with a decision made in De-cember to hold those proposals in abeyance. Company employees and outside consult-ants involved in the issue were formally as-signed roles as the FDA response team, and efforts began in January to incorporate the various elements into a comprehensive pro-gram addressing all conceivable actions that could be taken by the Clinton Administra-tion or the FDA regarding tobacco regula-tion. These efforts encompassed both public af-fairs campaigns and potential legal filings. Press releases, statements, fact sheets, video news releases, background video and other materials necesssary to convey the com-pany’s position were drafted and taped for each of the options considered. PM representatives with scientific creden-tials were assigned the task of meeting with various ‘‘think tanks’’ to discuss the issue of FDA regulation and generate guest edi-torials and comments to the media. Those team members who were identified as taking a public role in PM’s response were given media/communications training, focus-ing on the effective delivery of company messages. In late spring, the proposed youth access program was resurrected and the company subsequently announced Action Against Ac-cess, incorporating voluntary and proposed legislative steps to address the issue of youth smoking. The announcement of AAA was made at a New York press conference and was accom-panied by an aggressive media outreach cam-paign, including the use of VNRs, back-ground video feeds, letters to elected offi-cials and coordination with third-party al-lies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.059 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4989 July 12, 2016 
In early July, those involved in the FDA working group participated in a simulation geared to measure company response to an announcement by the FDA of full or partial regulation of tobacco. That exercise envisioned several different actions Kessler could take on tobacco regu-lation, and measured the company’s response to an FDA announcement. Based on the re-sults of that exercise, the action plan was fine-tuned to deal with various options Kessler was believed to have available. By the time of Kessler’s announcement of regulatory intent, the company mobilized to battle the Administration proposal on both the legal and public affairs fronts. A lawsuit was filed as soon as the FDA no-tice of intent to regulate was published in the Federal Register, and two hours before President Clinton’s afternoon press con-ference announcing the action, PM held a press conference to announce the lawsuit and register its objections to the FDA action. By the time Clinton made his announce-ment, a video news release and background video was fed by way of satellite to tele-vision news departments throughout the country, and satellite time was booked to provide those stations an opportunity to interview PM spokespersons for local broad-casts. With assistance from Burson-Marsteller, PM press kits were sent to all major Wash-ington-area media in anticipation of stories generated by those reporters. While World Regulatory Affairs was deal-ing with the public affairs aspects of the FDA announcement, the Washington Rela-tions Office mobilized its plans to reach leg-islative supporters in Washington and in key southern states to mount criticism of the President’s decision. All materials disseminated to the press also were circulated on Capitol Hill to pro-vide legislators with the PM’s position and rationale for filing suit. With information in hand, several southern legislators were able to react and respond quickly to media in-quiries. The PM briefings on Kessler’s actions ex-tended to conservative columnists and think tanks, enabling them to provide third-party views of the Administration’s action. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. CEI lobbied politi-cians, conducted symposia, and pub-lished policy papers and op-eds with ti-tles such as ‘‘Safety Is a Relative Thing for Cars: Why Not for Ciga-rettes?’’ CEI’s then-policy analyst, Alexander Volokh, even went so far as to describe the act of smoking as a civic duty. As the documents that we have just submitted for the record detail, CEI’s mission was to portray the FDA as ‘‘an agency out of control and one failing to live up to its congressional mandate.’’ For a time, CEI was successful. Con-gress took a closer look at FDA’s ap-propriations requests, and lawmakers slashed agency funding and passed lan-guage to restrict FDA’s authority to regulate tobacco. In fact, at one over-sight hearing, Members of Congress even questioned whether the FDA was acting legally and responsibly in pur-suing a course that would lead to to-bacco regulation. If this sounds like deja vu, that is be-cause it is. CEI and other front groups are using the same playbook, the same tactics to deny climate change that they used to deny a link between to-bacco use and fatal disease. CEI is now on a new mission to confuse and mis-lead the public on climate change. It is financing and directing ad hoc groups like the so-called Cooler Heads Coali-tion, which claims that global warming is a myth and that many scientists are skeptical of climate change. CEI has also produced two television ads that allege that the polar ice caps are thick-ening, not shrinking, and that CO2 emissions are good for the environ-ment. CEI’s ads sound more like something that Saturday Night Live might come up with. For instance, this is their tagline about CO
2: 
They call it pollution. We call it life. 
Of course, we all know that CO 2is necessary for plant growth. But what that ad fails to mention is that too much CO
2in the atmosphere can cause global temperatures to rise, and that there is more of it in the atmosphere today than at any time during the last 420,000 years. So there is more carbon, more CO
2in the atmosphere than at any time during the last 420,000 years. Just as in the case of Big Tobacco, one need only to look at who funds CEI to see how they determine their mes-saging. We have a chart here to show where their funding comes from. I would just point out that this is data all compiled from publicly available records. We see ExxonMobil Founda-tion. Then we see the Koch family and their foundation. Then we see Philip Morris. So there is significant funding from people who have an agenda about climate change. My staff has determined that be-tween 1985 and 2015, CEI has received almost $15 million from rightwing or-ganizations like the Donors Trust and the Dunn’s Foundation for the Ad-vancement of Right Thinking. CEI has also received more than $2 million, as we see here, from ExxonMobil, and more than $1 million from the Koch foundations and the Koch brothers per-sonally. The strong ties between CEI’s message denying climate change and the interests of coal, oil, and gas com-panies are clear and obvious. So it seems that while CEI has changed its client, it is still in the exact same busi-ness of selling lies and selling out the health and the future of ordinary Americans. Another industry front group I want-ed to talk about this afternoon has been exceptionally loud in denying cli-mate change. It is the so-called Energy & Environment Legal Institute, or E&E Legal. E&E Legal has several dif-ferent aliases—the American Tradition Institute, George Mason Environ-mental Law Clinic, and Free Market Environmental Law Clinic—but its MO is one and the same. Like CEI, E&E Legal has a core mission of discred-iting climate science and dismantling regulations that protect the environ-ment. However, instead of rolling out ad campaigns, E&E Legal has a dif-ferent approach. Its specialty is harassing individual climate scientists and researchers with the aim of per-suading the public that human-caused global warming is a scientific fraud. Of course, the group’s lawsuits are frivo-lous and baseless. But this doesn’t mat-ter because the entire point of the law-suits is to disrupt important academic research that may help us anticipate, avoid, or mitigate the impacts of glob-al warming. Once again, if we look at the funding behind E&E Legal, we understand ex-actly why this group is attacking cli-mate scientists and their work. E&E Legal does not publicly disclose its do-nors. We have seen that before. How-ever, bankruptcy proceedings have identified that the group is funded by Arch Coal and Peabody Energy, and that E&E’s senior lawyer has received funds directly from Alpha Natural Re-sources. These are some of the largest coal producers in the United States. It is shameful and dishonorable that these coal companies are funding the harassment and intimidation of sci-entists. They are putting profits ahead of people, and their disinformation threatens the scientific inquiry and transparency we need in order to make smart climate policy decisions to pro-tect our Earth. In conclusion, big corporations are using organizations that claim to be independent to spread misleading mes-sages to the American people, knowing that people would be quick to discount these messages if they actually knew they were coming directly from coal companies and from Koch Industries. This campaign of disinformation and propaganda endangers the health, envi-ronment, and economic well-being of people in the United States and across the world. That is why Senators who acknowledge the science of climate change, Senators who understand the urgency of action to combat climate change are speaking up this afternoon and for many days to come. By coming to the floor, we want to expose groups like CEI and E&E Legal for what they are—front groups whose role is to spin a web of denial. By championing clean energy policies, we want to ensure that the United States reduces its dependence on fossil fuels while creating millions of jobs to sup-port our economy in alternative energy and green energy sources. By supporting our country’s leader-ship in negotiating the international climate agreement concluded last year in Paris, we are doing our part to slow global warming and help poorer na-tions most affected by it. This is just the beginning. We will continue to come to the floor to advocate for poli-cies to reduce carbon emissions, to strengthen our economy, and to pro-tect our environment. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I join many of my colleagues here in en-couraging the Senate to continue working on solutions to protect our planet from the growing threats of cli-mate change. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY6.008 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4990 July 12, 2016 
First, I would like to thank Senator S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE for his leadership and tireless work on these issues. We both represent the great State of Rhode Island, the Ocean State, and I am lucky to have such a strong partner to work with to improve the health of our oceans and fight sea level rise, beach erosion, and ocean warming and acidification. I am proud to work alongside him as we respond to the se-rious challenges of climate change. In-deed, he is the leader in this effort in the Senate, throughout my State, and throughout the country. I applaud his commitment to this endeavor and his efforts to organize all of us to come here and to speak out on this growing danger. We are already shouldering the costs of climate change as Americans, and these costs are increasing. Climate change is driving severe drought and wildfires in the West, larger and more frequent floods in the Midwest, and sea level rise and greater storm damage along our coasts. Vulnerable popu-lations, like children with asthma and the elderly, are suffering from higher levels of smog in our cities and longer and more severe heat waves. Farmers and ranchers are struggling with crop and livestock losses from drought. In-creasingly, acidic oceans are harming shellfish populations and threatening fisheries. Communities are struggling to pay for infrastructure damaged by fires, more extreme storms, and coastal erosion. In the face of this evidence, as my colleagues have all pointed out, there is a systematic and organized effort to discredit, dismiss it, ignore it, but Americans are sensing dramatically the effects in their own lives, and they understand this. One area I think is important to em-phasize is that climate change is not just a local issue or an issue that is as-sociated with domestic policy. It has profound national security ramifica-tions. Indeed, to the military, climate change acts as a threat multiplier, ex-acerbating threats in already unstable regions of the world. Climate change creates chokepoints for oil distribution lines and exacerbates our dependence on foreign oil to fuel ships, tanks, air-craft, and tactical vehicles. To protect our national security, we must take action based on scientific evidence presented by our Nation’s best climate scientists. Such experts have overwhelmingly warned us that the in-creasingly warmer temperatures will mean oppressive heat in already hot areas. This translates not only to geo-political issues, but it translates down to the individual soldier. For our infan-try personnel, this means carrying sev-eral pounds of additional gear across dry and arid regions. And supplying these troops with fuel and water is be-coming a difficult challenge for our military leaders. Warmer temperatures also lead to glacial melt, causing sea level rise and ocean acidification, af-fecting our seafaring vessels and air-craft carriers, and increasing the com-plexity for our Navy. One of the more interesting moments I had on the Committee on Armed Services was to listen several years ago to an admiral describe to me that tran-sit to the Arctic Ocean will become commonplace in just a few years. To someone who was brought up in the 1950s and 1960s and served in the mili-tary in the 1970s, that seemed com-pletely implausible, but that is hap-pening. Yet there are groups that are organized that are trying to make that disappear. It is not disappearing for our mili-tary. They have to cope with it, plan for it, and, indeed, ensure that our se-curity is protected from the ramifica-tions. In national security, decisions are made by a careful evaluation of risk. Given the preponderance of scientific evidence, it only makes sense that we address the major risks caused by cli-mate change. National security and foreign policy leaders across the polit-ical spectrum issued a statement last year urging the highest levels of Amer-ican government and business to take domestic and international action to fight climate change. These are the na-tional security experts. They are a bi-partisan group of Americans who have dedicated their lives to this Nation. They are not a self-interested group of people who are profiting from a certain position. They include former Secre-taries of Defense, Chuck Hagel, Wil-liam Cohen, and Leon Panetta; Secre-taries of State Madeleine Albright and George Shultz; National Security Advi-sors Zbigniew Brzezinski and Robert ‘‘Bud’’ McFarlane; Senators Olympia Snowe, Carl Levin, and Richard Lugar; New Jersey Governor and Chair of the 9/11 Commission Thomas Kean; and re-tired U.S. Army Chief of Staff, GEN Gordon R. Sullivan. These and many others agree that climate change is a threat to national security and have called for U.S. leadership in the global effort to tackle the urgent and complex problem of climate change. And yet, even these wise and selfless Americans are being dismissed, if you will, by the organized effort to undercut scientific evidence. We took steps and have taken steps. Last December, in Paris, we took a step forward with an international agreement. More than 150 countries pledged to develop plans to tackle cli-mate change domestically, including countries once reluctant to act, such as China and India. American leadership has been the key to getting these coun-tries on board and agreeing to do their fair share. These countries are also act-ing because it is in their self-interest to do so—for their own health and for their national security. It is clear that no country can avoid the impacts of climate change, and no country can meet this challenge alone. As a nation that has contributed more than a quarter of all global carbon pol-lution, it is our responsibility to lead, not to deny. As a nation already feel-ing the effects and costs of climate change, it is also in our national inter-est to do so. As we have seen time and again, other countries would join us if America leads the way—not by denial but by dedication to pragmatic solu-tions that can be achieved. American companies must also do a better job in addressing climate change. It is not enough just for Amer-ica’s government and military to take action; the private sector also needs to step up to the plate. Companies need to be transparent and provide fuller dis-closure of the impacts their industries have on our climate and environment and must take full responsibility for their actions. Some companies have improved their sustainability practices and have made strides to inform con-sumers about their carbon footprint, and more need to join them. In fact, many companies concluded it is in their economic self-interest to do so, not just in the national or public inter-est to do so. Information about the risks posed by climate change is also something that is critical to investors, some of whom are demanding greater disclosures. For example, Allianz Global Investors, which is a global diversified active in-vestment management with nearly $500 billion in assets under manager has specifically called for ‘‘achieving bet-ter disclosure of the effects of carbon costs on the Oil & Gas companies.’’ This is why I have introduced legisla-tion to enhance climate-related disclo-sures by publicly-traded companies to ensure that these companies are pro-viding investors with the information necessary to make informed invest-ment decisions. These companies not only have an obligation, as we all do, to the greater welfare of the country and indeed the world, but they owe a very direct and fiduciary responsibility to their inves-tors. Many of these companies have in-formation—I would suspect at least— that should be disclosed, and we have to ensure that they do this so that the market operates appropriately. It is not just about broad statements of protecting the climate. It is not just about feeling good. It is about making concrete information available to the public, to investors, to the country as a whole—not to deny, obfuscate, or ig-nore this information. I urge my colleagues to support legis-lation that protects our air, water, nat-ural resources, and environment. The health of our oceans and environment must be preserved for now and for fu-ture generations. Indeed, in this effort, I can think of no one who is taking a more forceful and constructive role than my colleague Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE . Again, I salute him. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, as rank-ing member on the Subcommittee on Space, Science and Competitiveness, I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.060 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4991 July 12, 2016 
know how important it is for our coun-try to invest in scientific research and to make informed decisions based on those findings. Sound science has played a critical role in the United States’ becoming a leader in fields like space exploration, medical research, advanced manufac-turing, and other high-tech industries. So when 97 percent of scientists in a particular field agree on a serious prob-lem, it is wise for our policymakers to listen. The scientific community is sounding the alarm about the urgent need to ad-dress the causes of global climate change. Scientists here in the United States and across the world over-whelmingly agree that the weight of evidence is clear: Global temperatures are rising, dramatic changes in weath-er and climate have accompanied this warming, and humans are largely re-sponsible due to our emissions of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. Military leaders, doctors, econo-mists, and biologists are among the ex-perts warning us about global climate change and the fact that it is major threat to national security, public health, our economy, and our natural resources. Unfortunately, powerful special in-terests, led by some organizations and companies in the fossil fuel industry, are deliberately spreading false infor-mation about climate change to influ-ence public opinion and to muddle the truth. The strategy to confuse the pub-lic about climate change science and delay policy action has many parallels to the strategy used by Big Tobacco to mislead the public about scientific evi-dence linking smoking to lung cancer and heart disease. The corporations spreading disinformation on climate change are the very same interests that have the most to gain financially by stopping meaningful action to reduce green-house gases, protect our clean air, and address global warming for future gen-erations. The Koch brothers are a prime exam-ple of this fact. Charles and David Koch made their vast fortunes from owning companies that profit from a range of dirty industries. Much of their wealth is funneled into activist groups that produce questionable information and the spin necessary to support their own interests. The web of denial they have created is a threat to sound science- based decisionmaking. While some big polluters seek to con-fuse and cloud the judgment of deci-sionmakers and the public, the Amer-ican people continue to suffer the con-sequences of our dependence on fossil fuels. These consequences are not just limited to rising global temperatures. The people of Michigan are paying for the costs of coal and oil pollution in many ways, but I would like to focus on just a couple of them. A few years ago, three-story, high piles of petroleum coke, or pet coke, lined the banks of the Detroit River in the open air. Pet coke is essentially the industrial byproduct that is pro-duced during the oil refining process. These particular piles were owned by Koch Carbon, a company controlled by the Koch brothers. Usually pet coke is shipped off to other countries, where it is burned as fuel, worsening terrible air quality problems in places like China and con-tributing to global climate change. In this case, the banks of the Detroit River were being treated as a dumping ground to store these mountains of pet coke. The wind would blow the pet coke dust everywhere, including into the homes and lungs of those living in the neighborhoods nearby. It was even documented blowing across the river into Windsor, Ontario. Not only was the air being contami-nated, the pet coke was fouling the Great Lakes, a source of drinking water for nearly 40 million people. When it rained, pollution would run off from the piles into the Detroit River, which is part of the Great Lakes sys-tem. I joined residents in Detroit to call for these pet coke piles to be moved, and only through a community-wide ef-fort were they eventually successful. I have also introduced legislation to study the health and environmental impacts of this pet coke but, unfortu-nately, this same area of Detroit that has had to deal with mountains of par-ticulate matter blowing into the air al-ready had the distinction of having some of the worst air quality in the Nation. Research shows that exposure to air pollution at a young age can lead to health problems like asthma, and air pollution can worsen asthma symp-toms. Detroit has the highest rated of asthma in young children among the 18 largest cities in the United States. Over 12 percent of Detroit children have asthma; the national rate is around 8 percent. Most air pollution comes from burn-ing of fossil fuels, and parts of Detroit are dealing with high pollutant levels as a result. I wrote a letter, along with Senator S
TABENOW , calling for a plan to reduce sulfur dioxide levels in Southwest Detroit and comply with Federal clean air standards. The Michi-gan Department of Environmental Quality finally just submitted their plan to comply—over a year past the initial deadline. These examples in Detroit show how protecting clean air and clean water are often environmental justice issues. Those that are most affected by pollu-tion are often from low-income and mi-nority households. Addressing climate change will also improve the air qual-ity of these affected areas. While these communities bear the brunt of fossil fuel pollution, the Koch brothers and others pour hundreds of millions and even billions of dollars into activities to avoid regulation of their dirty industries. One of the tac-tics that powerful corporate industries use is to bankroll numerous front groups to spread misinformation. The idea behind this strategy is to use seemingly independent organizations, such as think tanks, to deliver mis-leading messages that the public might rightfully dismiss if they had heard them directly from industry. They have calculated that it is better for business to mislead the American public, rather than acknowledge the scientific evidence and their role in cli-mate change and join the effort to combat this growing threat to our planet. It is a page taken right out of Big Tobacco’s playbook. By creating their own scientific studies and policy papers from a network of surrogates, it gives the appearance that there is a le-gitimate debate over the fundamentals of climate change science. One example is the Cato Institute. For years, the organization has re-ceived funding from fossil fuel inter-ests such as ExxonMobil and the Koch family. At the same time, Cato spreads climate skepticism. Over a span of 15 years, the Cato Institute published 773,000 words and 768 documents ex-pressing climate skepticism. The web of denial is intended to man-ufacture doubt among the American public in order to delay action, but the spending efforts by the same corpora-tions also specifically target elected of-ficials and other key decisionmakers to prevent meaningful action on global warming. The Koch brothers have poured vast sums of money into election ads, lob-bying efforts, and campaign donations often funneled through other organiza-tions to hide the source of the funding. As a result, I have heard many climate myths repeated in the Halls of Con-gress that were carefully crafted by the network of climate denial front groups. Late last year, the Senate Sub-committee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness held a hearing that was specifically designed to cast doubt on the scientific evidence of climate change. The witness panel was stacked by the majority with prominent cli-mate deniers. As the ranking member, the one witness I was able to invite was RADM David Titley, who, as the U.S. Navy’s chief meteorologist, initiated and led the Navy’s task force on cli-mate change. At the hearing, Dr. Titley outlined how climate change is a serious threat to national security. Admiral Titley explained that the mili-tary makes decisions based on known information and calculations of risk. Often they must act on less than per-fect intelligence, but they understand risks and will take action to prevent threats when given the chance. The ad-miral applied this to the broad agree-ment among climate scientists, saying that any military commander would take action ‘‘in a heartbeat’’ if there was a consensus among 97 percent of the intelligence community about a particular scenario. In fact, the mili-tary has already started taking action 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.062 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4992 July 12, 2016 
to anticipate vulnerabilities and miti-gate the impacts related to climate change. The brightest, most experienced minds in our U.S. military realize that reliance on fossil fuel leaves our troops and citizens exposed to more risks at home, as well as abroad. Unfortu-nately, Congress has not been as quick to act. Efforts to pass meaningful legis-lation to address climate change have been blocked. Existing administrative efforts to reduce admissions or invest in clean energy have also been repeat-edly attacked. We can and must pass legislative so-lutions to address global climate change. Transitioning away from fossil fuels and investing in renewable energy will create sustainable jobs and good- paying jobs here in the United States. Taking bold action on climate change will strengthen our public health, econ-omy, and national security. We must wake up and realize that those attempting to mislead and con-fuse must not be successful. I am con-fident that we will overcome this web of denial and use peer-reviewed, sound scientific information to guide our de-cisionmaking in order to create a resil-ient future for our children and grand-children. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. 
HONORING OUR ARMED FORCES  
CHIEF PETTY OFFICER ADAM BROWN  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, the Sen-ate will pass legislation renaming Post Office 620 Central Avenue in Hot Springs National Park after CPO Adam Brown. I have visited that post office many times as a child, as a Congressman, and as a Senator. I can’t say there is all that much remarkable about it, but it will be remarkable after this law is passed. I didn’t know Adam Brown, but Adam was about my age. Adam was a great warrior and a hero. Three years ago on Memorial Day in Hot Springs, a gentleman came up to me after I spoke and handed me a book titled ‘‘Fear-less’’ by Eric William. It is a New York Times bestseller. It tells the story of Adam Brown. That title captures his spirit. He was fearless, relentless, and also a joyful and Godly man. As a child in Hot Springs, he was the one who al-ways lined up to hit the biggest kid in football. He would jump off a bridge into the local lake and jump out of trucks. Adam was an all-American boy. During his teenaged years, Adam suc-cumbed to addiction. He began to drink, started to use marijuana, be-came addicted to cocaine, and that led to many crimes. At one point, he had 16 outstanding felonies. Larry and his mother Janice didn’t know what to do, so they told the sher-iff where he was, and he was arrested. Adam went to Teen Challenge, a Chris-tian ministry dedicated to helping youth overcome addiction. Through his faith in God, love of his parents, and the love of his wife Kelly, he was able to fight back his addiction, although he continued to struggle with it. With the help of a good recruiter and out of a sense of deep and abiding pa-triotism for his country, Adam cleaned up his life by enlisting in the Navy. He didn’t just enlist to do any job, though, he enlisted to be a Navy SEAL. It en-tails some of the hardest training our military has. Adam, of course, got his golden trident and went on to display the same kind of fearlessness and re-lentlessness but also the same joyful-ness that so many people in Hot Springs and in Arkansas had known. As anyone who has been in the mili-tary knows, there are always some guys in the unit who are downers, look-ing on the dark side of things, won-dering what was going to go wrong next, and Adam was the antidote to that. He always looked on the bright side, always had a sunny outlook, and always had a helpful word for a friend or buddy. He was always ready to help the unit accomplish the mission. Adam went through multiple deploy-ments as a Navy SEAL, and there was never any quit in him. In 2003, he was injured in a simulation round during a training exercise with a miniature paint ball that the military uses. Somehow it got underneath his eye protection and hit him in the eye, and as a result he lost his eye, but, as he al-ways did, he looked on the bright side. He got a glass eye with an Arkansas Razorback on it, and he would put on a pirate patch and play pirate with his two little kids, Nathan and Savannah. It didn’t stop him from continuing to deploy as a Navy SEAL. He was later involved in a multicar accident while deployed. His hand was crushed and three fingers were severed. The doctors were able to reattach it, but it could no longer be used. Of course, he was eligible to leave the military because of his combat injury, but he didn’t do that. He learned to shoot with the other hand and use his other eye when shooting. In fact, he went on to become a member of SEAL Team Six, the most elite element of the Navy SEAL community. He continued to deploy and fight but also showed deep compassion. In Af-ghanistan, he noticed that many of the poor, little Afghan children didn’t even have shoes on their feet on the darkest, coldest days of winter, so he arranged for a local pastor in his community to send shoes that he could give to them. On March 17, 2010, Adam was on a mission high up in the mountains in Afghanistan. His unit came under in-tense enemy fire. Adam helped to save the lives of his fellow SEALS, taking multiple rounds himself, and he ulti-mately perished as a result of his wounds. Adam received a hero’s wel-come in Hot Springs, where he rests today. Adam’s story is about faith, redemp-tion, service, and love. When little boys and little girls drive by that post office in Hot Springs in the future, I hope they ask their parents who Adam Brown was. I hope their parents can tell them his story and inspire them with his example. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak, along with a number of my colleagues, about groups that have spun a web of denial and to fight back against the regres-sive, fallacious, and dangerous rhetoric of climate change deniers. They would disavow the overwhelming evidence of one of our most significant environ-mental crises. It is not only a quality- of-life challenge, it is a national secu-rity crisis in our world today. As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I know from our military leaders how seriously they take this crisis, which is causing droughts as well as unrest, and the challenges it creates when our military needs to ac-cess certain parts of the world. Those consequences are among the national security threats that climate change raises, and deniers do no great service to our national defense. Connecticut knows firsthand the visi-ble impacts of climate change because we see the mammoth storms that threaten to become the new normal in our world, causing rising tides, de-stroying homes, literally changing the nature of our shoreline and impacting our quality of life. No one State can address climate change effectively, and that is why we need the Nation to act together and why climate change denial is so dan-gerous to our national security, not only in military terms but also in the very real terms of how we conduct our lives in this country. We need a coordi-nated, comprehensive approach, and yet some groups would have you be-lieve that no action is necessary—none at all. They say that any measures are a waste of time and resources. They say that any measures to stop food sup-plies from disappearing, forest fires from spreading, and storms from rag-ing are simply unnecessary. They have no evidence to support their claims, but, indeed, they have to distort the evidence that exists even to make those claims. Just last year, we discovered that Exxon projects into its planning a model that it described for itself as ‘‘too murky to warrant action.’’ They planned for themselves but not for the people, including their own customers. They would be ready for climate change but would make sure that no one else could be by adopting a model and making it their business model—or part of it—that implicitly, internally, they felt they could not reveal pub-licly. Some groups have adopted more cov-ert efforts to sabotage science. The American Legislative Exchange Coun-cil, better known by its acronym 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.074 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4993 July 12, 2016 
ALEC, denies that its policy denied cli-mate change. ALEC commits to fight-ing science in the shadows because it has no facts to bring into the sun. In-deed, its proposed bill, the Environ-mental Literacy Improvement Act—a very innocuous bill—actually seeks to serve as a stamp of approval on teach-ing climate change denial in science classrooms. These tactics exist because when groups like ALEC or Americans for Prosperity stand ready to deny the truth, some part of our people will be-lieve it. One leader of the Americans for Pros-perity group, when asked about the science of climate change, responded: ‘‘I don’t even want to argue the point. To me, it’s not that important.’’ This web of denial has consequences. It delays and distorts common aware-ness and consciousness about the truth and the need to act. One of my colleagues compared this web of denial to actions of tobacco companies decades ago denying that smoking and tobacco could cause can-cer or heart disease or any of the other serious illnesses that tobacco use causes, in addition to the lifetime ad-diction to nicotine that inevitably was a consequence to so many people who believed those tobacco companies. That web of denial was similar to this one. The tobacco companies knew the truth. They denied it. These deniers also know the truth. Our purpose in being here today is to make sure the American people know it as well. Groups like ALEC and Americans for Prosperity may receive support from the economic interests that have a stake in hiding the truth, but ulti-mately the American people need to know it, they need to act on it, and they need to appreciate the motives and interests of the web of denial that is spun so artfully and relentlessly by these groups and the special interests that underlie them and support them. I wish to thank my colleagues who have come to the floor today, particu-larly Senator W
HITEHOUSE , who has been so instrumental in organizing this group. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator Arkansas. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JUDGE TOM EMBERTON Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to a good friend and mentor of mine who is receiving a great honor from his alma mater of Western Kentucky University. Judge Tom Emberton, former chief judge of the Kentucky Court of Appeals and a man with a long career of renowned service, will be honored as a member of WKU’s Hall of Distinguished Alumni this October. It is the highest award the university can bestow upon an alumnus. Judge Emberton recalls that his great aunt began the family tradition of attending WKU, and his mother at-tended also. Tom met his wife at WKU, and their two children and all but one of their grandchildren attended as well. Tom was an active member of the WKU community during his time on campus. He was named business man-ager of the College Heights Herald, elected president of his sophomore and junior classes, and president of his fra-ternity. He temporarily interrupted his studies to serve in the U.S. Air Force, where he was part of the Strategic Air Command under Gen. Curtis LeMay. After graduation in 1958, Tom began a long history of public service to the people of Kentucky. In 1965, he was elected county attorney. In 1967, he worked on the winning campaign for Louie Nunn for Governor, the first Re-publican Governor to be elected in the Bluegrass State in 20 years. After the campaign, Governor Nunn asked Tom to serve as his chief administrative aide. Tom then became the Republican nominee for Governor himself in 1971. I remember the campaign well, as I worked on it for Tom. I had left my po-sition as a legislative aide here in the U.S. Senate for Kentucky Senator Marlow Cook to go back to Kentucky to work for Tom’s campaign because I believed in him and in what he could do for the Commonwealth. Unfortunately, Tom did not win that race, but he cer-tainly emerged from it as a man who had earned admiration and respect around the State. We all knew great things were in store for Tom. Tom continued to practice law in Barren and Metcalfe counties. Then in the late 1980s, he was appointed by then-Governor Wallace Wilkinson to the Kentucky Court of Appeals. He was reelected to that panel repeatedly and had a long and distinguished career, capped off by being elected chief judge by his fellow judges after several years of service. He held that chief judge slot until his retirement from the bench in 2004. To this day, Tom is still active in his community with many volunteer and philanthropic activities. He is also an avid reader, and I know one of his fa-vorite places to relax is in his office surrounded by books. Western Kentucky University has certainly made the right choice in se-lecting Judge Tom Emberton as a dis-tinguished alumni. My friend Tom is highly deserving of this honor, and I am sure his family is very proud of him and all he has accomplished. I know my U.S. Senate colleagues join me in congratulating Judge Emberton for this recognition and wishing him the very best in his future life endeavors. Mr. President, area publication the Herald News recently published an ar-ticle detailing Judge Emberton’s life and career. I ask unanimous consent that the article be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Herald News, June 29, 2016] J
UDGE EMBERTON HONORED BY WKU (By Shirley Mayrand) Every couple of years we’re reminded of why we’re so proud of Judge Tom Emberton. In 2014 he received the Jim C. Coleman Com-munity Service Award, and in October he will join WKU’s Hall of Distinguished Alum-ni during WKU’s 2016 Homecomings Celebra-tion at the Sloan Convention Center. It brings back some fond memories. ‘‘Western has always been a part of my life,’’ Tom said, ‘‘even from a small first grader. My mother went to Western.’’ His mom finished a year of college and then got a teaching job at a Monroe County school where they lived at the time. Tom recalls how she told him as a first grader he could continue to have fun when he got to West-ern. The family moved to Metcalfe County right after World War II ended and Tom graduated from Edmonton High School. He attended one semester at Western before going into the U.S. Air Force where he was part of the Strategic Air Command under General Curtis LeMay. ‘‘His mission,’’ Tom explained, ‘‘was that if Russia could get an atomic bomb off in this country, that we could respond to that in 15 minutes.’’ In 1955, Tom returned home to resume his education at Western. He credits his great aunt with starting the family tradition of at-tending WKU. She enrolled in 1909, just three years after it opened. (H.H. Cherry purchased full ownership of the school in 1899 and the Southern Normal School part of the institu-tion became Western Kentucky State Nor-mal School in 1906.) Tom met his wife, Julia there, their two children attended and all but one of their grandchildren. Tom believes that his active role at WKU was what earned him the honor of being se-lected for the Hall of Distinguished Alumni. As a student he was named business manager of the College Heights Herald, elected presi-dent of his sophomore and junior classes and president of his fraternity. Continuing on to the University of Louis-ville to pursue a law degree, he continued student leadership activities. He was the president of the Delta Theta Phi fraternity and president of the Student Bar Associa-tion. ‘‘It’s those things that the alumni asso-ciation looked at to see what you’d done, rather than just walk into class.’’ Tom got his law degree in 1962 and was elected as county attorney in 1965. In 1967, Tom was tapped by Louis Nunn to assist in his campaign for governor. When Nunn won the election he asked Tom to move to Frankfort and be his chief adminis-trative aide. At that time a governor could only serve one four-year term. Tom’s own bid for the governorship ended after winning the Republican primary, and he returned to the farm at Cave Ridge to practice law in Barren and Metcalfe counties, where he brought Jim C. Coleman in as a law partner. Around 1976, Tom opened the Southern Mineral coal mine in Hyden (Lesley County), KY. Coal was very lucrative at the time, but within a few years the bottom dropped out and he returned to law once again. Over his long, successful career, his great-est satisfaction came while serving as a Ken-tucky Court of Appeals Judge. He was first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.076 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4994 July 12, 2016 
appointed around 1988 to fill a vacancy, then was re-elected to the 14-judge panel repeat-edly until he retired in 2004 after being elect-ed Chief Judge in 2001. From 2004 to 2009 he was required to substitute as necessary. ‘‘I made the mistake of buying a bunch of cattle. I’ve been an avid reader all my life, and I made plans that when I retired I was just going to sit up here (in my office) and read. I haven’t gotten through ten percent of them and I’m 84 years old.’’ Reminiscing once more on WKU, Tom con-cluded, ‘‘I worked at a filling station greas-ing cars and changing tires during high school. If it had not been for Western; if Dr. Cherry had decided not to set a building in Bowling Green . . . I’d probably still be doing that today.’’ f 
NATIONAL BIOENGINEERED FOOD DISCLOSURE STANDARD Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I wish to join my colleague from Michigan, the ranking member of the Senate Agri-culture Committee, Senator S
TABENOW , in a colloquy regarding the scope of the products that could be labeled under the GMO labeling legislation. Does the Senator from Michigan be-lieve that the definition of GMO in-cluded in this bill prohibits the label-ing of highly refined products derived from GMO crops, including soybean oil made from GMO soybeans, high fruc-tose corn syrup made from GMO corn, and sugar made from GMO sugar beets? Ms. STABENOW. I thank the Senator from Vermont for joining me in this colloquy for the purpose of bringing greater clarity to the definition in-cluded in this bill and the scope of GMO products that could be labeled. The intent of this legislation is to create a national mandatory disclosure standard for GMO foods. This bill gives USDA broad authority to determine, through rulemaking and with impor-tant input from the public and sci-entific community and after review of both State and international laws, what foods will be subject to this bill’s mandatory disclosure standard, includ-ing highly refined products derived from GMO crops and products devel-oped using gene editing techniques. The USDA general counsel, in a re-sponse letter dated July 1, stated that the Department has broad authority under this bill to require labels on GMO foods and products, including all commercially available GMO corn, soy-beans, sugar beets, and canola crops used in food today. To answer your specific question, no, this bill does not prohibit the labeling of highly refined products derived from GMO crops including soybean oil made from GMO soybeans, high fructose corn syrup made from GMO corn, and sugar made from GMO sugar beets. Mr. LEAHY. Does the Senator from Michigan also believe that the defini-tion of GMO food included in this bill prohibits the labeling of ingredients from plants genetically modified through new and yet to be developed gene editing techniques in addition to the recombinant DNA editing tech-nique mentioned in the bill? Ms. STABENOW. No, the bill does not prohibit the labeling of products developed using gene editing tech-niques, including RNAi and CRISPR. Additionally, the bill gives the USDA broad authority to periodically amend its labeling regulations to ensure that there are no new scientific bio-technology methods that may escape any overly prescriptive statutory defi-nition of biotechnology. Mr. LEAHY. I thank the Senator from Michigan for joining me in this colloquy for the purpose of bringing greater clarity to the congressional in-tent regarding the definition of GMO products contained in this bill. I ask unanimous consent that the USDA general counsel’s response letter dated July 1, 2016, be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT  
OFAGRICULTURE , July 1, 2016. Hon. D
EBBIE STABENOW , Ranking Member, Senate Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR STABENOW , Thank you for your letter of June 29, 2016, inquiring as to the scope and applicability of the GMO label-ing legislation currently pending before the U.S. Senate. The United States Department of Agriculture, as the lead implementing agency, has carefully studied this legislation from legal, program policy, and scientific as-pects. I will respond in turn below to the questions raised in your letter. (1) Please explain whether the GMO Label-ing Law provides authority to the USDA to require labeling of food products that con-tain widely used commodity crops, like corn, soybeans, sugar, and canola, which have been genetically modified, as defined by Section 291(1)? Section 291(1) of the Senate bill provides authority to include food in the national dis-closure program, including all of the com-mercially grown GMO corn, soybeans, sugar, and canola crops used in food today and re-viewed and approved by USDA’s Bio-technology Regulatory Service. (2) Please explain whether the GMO Label-ing Law provides authority to the USDA to require labeling of food products that con-tain genetically modified material, which re-sult from gene editing techniques? Section 291(1) of the Senate bill provides authority to include food in the national dis-closure program, including products of cer-tain gene editing techniques. This would in-clude novel gene editing techniques such as CRISPR when they are used to produce plants or seeds with traits that could not be created with conventional breeding tech-niques. In addition, the definition provides authority to include RNAi techniques that have been used on products such as the non- browning apple and potato. (3) Please explain whether the GMO Label-ing Law provides authority to the USDA to require labeling of food products, which may or may not contain highly refined oils, sug-ars, or high fructose corn syrup that have been produced or developed from genetic modification techniques, as defined by Sec-tion 291(1)? Section 291(1) of the Senate bill provides authority to include food in the national dis-closure program, including products which may or may not contain highly refined oils, sugars, or high fructose corn syrup that have been produced or developed from genetic modification techniques. As a practical mat-ter of implementation, the Department would look not only at the definition in Sec-tion 291(1) regarding the genetically modified crops used to produce the refined or ex-tracted materials, but also consider author-ity provided under Section 293(b)(2)(B) and Section 293(b)(2)(C) with respect to the amount of a bioengineered substance present and other factors and considerations which might deem the product to be considered bio-engineered food. If needed, my team and our USDA pro-grammatic and scientific experts are avail-able to discuss any aspects of the legislation in greater detail at your request. Please do not hesitate to reach out. Sincerely, JEFFREY M. P RIETO , General Counsel. f 
ASSASSINATIONS OF ENVIRONMENTAL ACTIVISTS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, it has been 4 months and 8 days since Berta Caceres, an internationally respected indigenous Honduran environmental activist, was shot and killed in her home. Ms. Caceres had led her Lenca community in a campaign over several years against the Agua Zarca hydro-electric project financed in part by a Honduran company, Desarrollos Energeticos, DESA, on the Gualcarque River, which the Lenca people consider to be sacred. Honduran police officers tampered with the crime scene, and they and some Honduran government officials sought early on to falsely depict the killing as a crime of passion. But that dishonest strategy failed, and five indi-viduals were subsequently arrested, in-cluding a DESA employee and active duty and retired army officers, for which Honduran Attorney General Oscar Fernando Chinchilla and inves-tigators provided by the U.S. Embassy deserve credit. It is widely believed, however, that the intellectual authors of that horrific crime remain at large. While the attor-ney general’s investigation is con-tinuing, as it should, I and others have repeatedly called on the Honduran Government to also support a thor-ough, independent, international inves-tigation of the Caceres case under the auspices of the Inter-American Human Rights Commission. Given Honduras’s history of impunity for such crimes and the public’s understandable dis-trust of the justice system, it is imper-ative that such an inquiry be con-ducted expeditiously. Ms. Caceres’ death was one of scores of killings in the past decade of envi-ronmental activists, journalists, human rights defenders, and other so-cial activists in Honduras. Hardly any-one has been punished for any of those crimes. In fact, the rate of conviction for homicide in Honduras is less than 5 percent. If that were not bad enough, just 2 weeks after Ms. Caceres’s death, Nelson Garcia, another indigenous environ-mental activist, was fatally shot in Rio 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY6.033 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4995 July 12, 2016 
Chiquito after helping dozens of resi-dents move their belongings when gov-ernment authorities evicted them from land they had occupied. And on July 6, 2016, Lesbia Janeth Urquia, also a member of the indige-nous rights organization COPINH, Civic Council of Popular and Indige-nous Organizations of Honduras, which Ms. Caceres led, was found stabbed to death. Her body was left at a municipal garbage dump in the town of Marcala in the western department of La Paz. It is shocking that her death was report-edly one of four murders in a period of 5 days in that town alone, which trag-ically illustrates the appalling extent of lawlessness in Honduras today. No one has been arrested for Ms. Urquia’s assassination, and it is too soon to assign a motive, but there are disturbing similarities with the Caceres case. In the first place, before conducting an investigation, the police speculated publicly, without citing any credible evidence, that the crime was the result of a robbery, a family dispute, or extor-tion. This is what we have come to ex-pect of some members of the Honduran police. Beyond that, Ms. Urquia had report-edly been at the forefront of a commu-nity struggle against a privatized hy-droelectric project along the Chinacla River in Marcalas, La Paz. Like Agua Zarca, the Chinacla project has the support of top Honduran Government officials and was being implemented without the consent of the local com-munities whose lives will be most dis-rupted by it. Last year the Congress, with my sup-port, provided $750 million to help El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras address the poverty, violence, injus-tice, and other factors that contribute to the flood of unaccompanied minors to the United States. On June 29, 2016, the Senate Appropriations Committee, again with my support, approved an-other $650 million for these countries. A portion of these funds is for direct assistance for their central govern-ments and is subject to the Secretary of State certifying that they have met certain conditions. In the case of Hon-duras, how that government resolves conflicts with local communities over the exploitation of natural resources, such as the Agua Zarca and Chinacla hydro projects and others like them, and its investigations of the killings of Berta Caceres, Nelson Garcia, Lesbia Urguia, and other activists will factor heavily in whether I will support the release of those funds. The government’s efforts to protect civil society activists and journalists, who for years Honduran Government officials and law enforcement officers have treated as criminals and legiti-mate targets for threats and attacks, will also be a factor. I have followed events in El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras since the 1980s. I have watched governments in those countries come and go. They have all shared a tolerance for corrup-tion and impunity, and I regret to say that, despite this, they were supported by the United States. Top officials and their families have gotten rich, while the vast majority of the population is trapped in poverty and struggle to sur-vive. During those years the United States spent billions of dollars on programs purportedly to raise living standards, reform the police, and improve govern-ance. The results have been dis-appointing. While there are many ex-planations, I believe the lack of polit-ical will on the part of those govern-ments and the willingness of successive U.S. administrations to ignore or ex-cuse the corruption and abuses played a big part. We owe it to the people of those countries and to American tax-payers to not repeat those costly mis-takes. Finally, it is important to note that the persecution and killings of environ-mental activists is a worldwide phe-nomenon, as documented by Global Witness in its June 2016 report ‘‘On Dangerous Ground.’’ More than three people were killed each week in 2015 de-fending their land, forests, and rivers against destructive industries. The report lists 185 killings in 16 countries—the highest annual death toll on record and more than double the number of journalists killed in the same period. In Brazil alone, 50 such activists died. Just last week, we learned of the assassination of Ms. Glo-ria Capitan, an environmental activist who opposed the construction and pres-ence of coal stockpile facilities in Lucanin, Bataan province of the Phil-ippines. So in this regard, Honduras is not unique, but its government is seeking substantial economic and security as-sistance from the United States. In order for us to justify that assistance, the Honduran Government needs to demonstrate that it has met the condi-tions in our law and is taking the nec-essary steps to bring those responsible for these crimes to justice. 
f 
NATIONAL GASTROPARESIS AWARENESS MONTH Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I would like to bring attention to the es-timated 5 million Americans suffering from gastroparesis in observance of Na-tional Gastroparesis Awareness Month in August. Gastroparesis is a chronic medical condition in which the stomach cannot empty properly in the absence of any observable blockage. The condition can affect people of all ages, but it is four times more likely to affect women than men. The symptoms of gastroparesis, which include nausea, vomiting, and inability to finish a nor-mal-sized meal, can be debilitating and sometimes life threatening. The condi-tion can lead to malnutrition, severe dehydration, and difficulty managing blood glucose levels. While there is no cure for gastroparesis, some treatments, such as dietary measures, medications, pro-cedures to maintain nutrition, and sur-gery, can help reduce symptoms. Un-fortunately, gastroparesis is a poorly understood condition, and so patients often suffer from delayed diagnosis, treatment, and management of this disorder. As such, further research and education are needed to improve qual-ity of life for this patient population. I want to recognize the important ef-forts of the International Foundation for Functional Gastrointestinal Dis-orders, IFFGD, an international orga-nization based in my home State of Wisconsin, as well as other patient or-ganizations, in providing education and support to help those affected by gastroparesis. I urge my fellow colleagues to join me in recognizing August as National Gastroparesis Awareness Month in an effort to improve our understanding and awareness of this condition, as well as support increased research for effec-tive treatments for gastroparesis. Fur-thermore, I encourage the Department of Health and Human Services to rec-ognize and include Gastroparesis Awareness Month in their list of Na-tional Health Observances. Thank you. f 
TRIBUTE TO GENERAL LLOYD J. AUSTIN III Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, today I honor an exceptional military leader and warrior. After nearly 41 years—a lifetime of service to our Nation—GEN Lloyd J. Austin III retired from the U.S. Army, having served most re-cently as the commander of U.S. Cen-tral Command. On this occasion, I be-lieve it is fitting to recognize General Austin’s many years of uniformed serv-ice to our Nation. Over the course of his military career spanning more than four decades, Gen-eral Austin took on many of the tough-est assignments; he led troops in com-bat. Most recently, he served as the combined forces commander, over-seeing the military campaign to defeat ISIL in Iraq and Syria. General Aus-tin’s stellar career was also filled with a number of firsts. He was the first Af-rican American to command an Army division in combat, the first to com-mand an Army corps in combat, the first to command an entire theater of war, and the first African-American Vice Chief of Staff of the Army and commander of U.S. Central Command. But this quiet warrior does not focus on his own accomplishments, and he never takes his eyes away from the mission. General Austin is a soldier’s soldier. He earned a well-deserved reputation as a leader others wanted to follow into battle. On many occasions, they did. Many soldiers have talked about Gen-eral Austin’s inspiring leadership, par-ticularly under demanding conditions, including combat. He was gifted with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.068 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4996 July 12, 2016 
the ability to inspire confidence in his troops and young leaders. He always led them from the front, and he en-sured they were successful in any and all endeavors. We saw this at the out-set of the Iraq war in 2003 when, as the assistant division commander for ma-neuver for the 3rd Infantry Division, he helped to spearhead the invasion, ma-neuvering the division from Kuwait to Baghdad in a record 22 days. We saw it in Afghanistan in 2003–2004, when he was the commander of Combined Joint Task Force-180. We saw it again in Iraq in 2008 when, as the commander of Multi-National Corps-Iraq during the period when the surge forces were drawing down, he helped to achieve greater stability in the country. We saw it once more in Iraq in 2010–2011 when, as commander of U.S. Forces- Iraq, he oversaw the successful comple-tion of Operations Iraqi Freedom and New Dawn. In an age of tweets and blogs, Gen-eral Austin never seeks the limelight, preferring to let his actions speak for themselves. He is a consummate pro-fessional, and our Nation and its Armed Services will feel the loss of this distinguished officer, gifted leader, and highly decorated warrior. I join my fellow members of the Senate Armed Services Committee in expressing my respect and gratitude to GEN Lloyd Austin for his outstanding and selfless service to our Nation. I wish him and his wife, Charlene, all the best. 
f 
REMEMBERING COLONEL THOMAS SCHAEFER Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to honor a be-loved U.S. Air Force hero, COL Thomas E. Schaefer, who sadly passed away on May 31. In 1979, Colonel Schaefer was among those taken hostage in Iran while serv-ing as a senior military attache to the U.S. Embassy. From November 4, 1979, to January 20, 1981, Colonel Schaefer survived 444 days of captivity, but never allowed his ordeal or his captors to undermine his spirit thanks to a strong faith in God. To keep his mind alert during that time, he read over 250 books, walked over 200 miles in his room to keep warm, and studied Ger-man. Throughout this time, he overcame this adversity with bravery, endurance, and a spirit that became an inspiration for his friends, family, and all Ameri-cans—many of whom greeted him with open arms in 1981 following his release when he returned to his hometown, Rochester, NY. Originally from Rochester, NY, where much of his family and many friends still reside today, Colonel Schaefer made a lasting impact on the community through speaking pub-lically about his experiences. He want-ed each and every person to know that they possess an inner strength which allows them to overcome any challenge that may present itself in their lives. Colonel Schaefer was a brave man, who endured the unthinkable, and his sacrifices should be remembered for-ever. Thank you. f 
REMBERING FELIX AND MARIA NORAT Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I would like to honor the memory of SGT Felix Norat and his wife, Maria, two remarkable New Yorkers who were interred at Arlington National Ceme-tery last week. Sergeant Norat was a WWII veteran who served in the Army’s 45th Infantry Division. His bravery and heroism earned him a Bronze Star for Valor, as well as a Pur-ple Heart. Maria was a native of Puerto Rico who worked for the War Depart-ment in New York City. Maria and Felix were married nearly 70 years, a testament to their love and devotion to one another. I would like to commit their story—a quintessentially Amer-ican story—to the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD today. Mr. Norat’s unit, the 45th Infantry of the Army, was one of the most battle- tested divisions of the entire war, and Mr. Norat was still among it when the division came to Munich days before the Germans surrendered. Mr. Norat’s late wife, Maria, upon moving to New York, rented a room from her future mother-in-law, who no-ticed Maria’s penmenship and asked her to rewrite her letters to her son who was fighting in Europe. Often, Maria would include a note of her own at the bottom of each letter, encour-aging Felix and wishing him well. She later recounted, in an interview with the local newspaper, ‘‘I was telling him how proud we were that he was serving this great country and how beautiful that was,’’ she said. ‘‘I never thought I was going to fall in love.’’ But that is what happened. When Sergeant Norat returned home and met Maria, it was love at first sight. For Maria, it was nice to meet the man whom she would encouraged and writ-ten; love came more gradually. The couple courted for 2 years and married in November 1947. Sergeant Norat at-tended Brooklyn College for engineer-ing and worked in the construction business after 2 years. He and Maria bought oceanfront property and built the Ocean Beach Motel in Montauk Point, NY. Though life moved on, the wounds and aftershocks of war did not so quickly fade. Throughout the year after he returned home, if Felix heard anything that resembled a mortar whizzing by, he would instinctively take cover, a result of several close en-counters with mortar fire. During the invasion in southern France, he sus-tained a serious injury from a mortar shell, resulting in an extended hos-pitalization in Italy and for which he earned a Purple Heart. In his later years, he also recounted the story of a stroll that saved his life. Felix reported that, a few yards into a walk down the trench he shared with three other GIs from the 45th Infantry, a German shell hit close by, killing two of his friends and taking off the arm of the third. Felix often recounted seeing photos of his friends’ children and lamented that they ‘‘never knew what happened to their father.’’ Felix and Maria sold the motel in 1984, retired, and moved to Naples, FL, a few years later, where they spent their final years in retirement reflect-ing on the war and on their lives to-gether. Let the record show that this body recognizes the faithful service of Felix and Maria Norat and their contribu-tions to this country. May their chil-dren, grandchildren, and great-grand-children accept the thanks of a grate-ful nation. Thank you. f 
HONORING OFFICER ASHLEY GUINDON Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I rise to recognize the extraordinary life and service of a true hero and dedi-cated public servant whose time was tragically cut short, Officer Ashley Guindon of Merrimack, NH. Born and raised in Merrimack, NH, Officer Guindon graduated from Merrimack High School in 2005. She later joined the Marine Corps following graduation, honoring the service of her father, New Hampshire Air National Guard member David Guindon, who passed away after returning from serv-ing in Iraq. In her high school yearbook she wrote, ‘‘As I take flight it only makes me closer to [you] daddy. Mom, thanks for everything it’ll be a long road but we can manage and it will only make [you] stronger.’’ Underneath her pic-ture in her high school yearbook, the caption read, ‘‘live for something rath-er than die for nothing.’’ Officer Guindon did live for something. She lived for her country and she answered the call of duty. Officer Guindon began her career with the Prince William County Police Department in Virginia and was sworn in as a police officer on February 26, 2016. Tragically, she was killed in the line of duty on her first day. Officer Guindon responded to an emergency call on her first day of duty as an officer with the same sense of professionalism and dedication dem-onstrated by the very best of our law enforcement community. Officer Guindon responded quickly and com-passionately, embodying her true spirit of selflessness. Her caring manner and desire to help those in need will not be forgotten. Officer Guindon left behind her moth-er, Sharon, and her beloved family pug, Scout. We are deeply saddened by the loss of Officer Ashley Guindon, an ex-traordinary young woman who served our country and her community with honor, courage, and dedication. She 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.063 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4997 July 12, 2016 
represented the very best of our law en-forcement community, and it is an honor to recognize her service. She will be truly missed and my thoughts and prayers remain with her family. We will never forget Officer Guindon’s service and sacrifice to keep us safe. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING LIEUTENANT JAMES ‘‘JIMMY’’ GERAGHTY ∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and honor the excep-tional service and the extraordinary life of New Hampshire State Police Lieutenant James ‘‘Jimmy’’ Geraghty of Bedford, NH. I join his family, his friends, and the law enforcement com-munity in New Hampshire in mourning Jim’s passing after a courageous battle with cancer. I had the honor of work-ing with Jim over the years, and I know that he made a positive dif-ference for so many people in our State. Jim truly embodied a life of service, a life of heroism, and a life of integrity. Lieutenant Geraghty served honor-ably in the U.S. Army for 5 years, where he was stationed at Fort Benning in Georgia, Fort Polk in Lou-isiana, and Fort Richardson in Arkan-sas. Ultimately, he earned the rank of sergeant and received an honorable dis-charge. After courageously serving our Nation, he then returned home to New Hampshire and embarked on a career in law enforcement, first serving as a police officer in the Hudson Police De-partment, after which he became a trooper for the New Hampshire State police. Jim was a member of the New Hamp-shire State police for 24 years and rose to the rank of commander of the New Hampshire State police major crimes unit—a post in which he served until he became ill last year. Lieutenant Geraghty handled some of the most troubling and horrific cases. He always conducted himself with incredible dedi-cation and commitment. In 2009, Lieutenant Geraghty led the investigation into the brutal Mont Vernon homicide that focused on mul-tiple, juvenile defendants and was a ‘‘complex, and extremely time-con-suming investigation.’’ Despite these challenges, Jim’s thoroughness and professionalism as commander of the major crimes unit allowed the prosecu-tion to successfully convict all the de-fendants involved. As New Hampshire’s former attorney general, I worked closely with the major crimes unit, and those of us who had the privilege of working with Jim saw his natural talent for leadership and keen ability to work collabo-ratively with others. He represented the very best of New Hampshire’s law enforcement officers. While Jim was known for his many professional accolades, he was a hum-ble man who never wanted to discuss his accomplishments. Instead, Jim lived by the motto ‘‘family first,’’ which was very apparent to anyone who knew him. Jim and his wife, Val-erie, were married for 30 years. To-gether they had four wonderful chil-dren—a son, Jimmy, and daughters, Colleen, Katie, and Erin. I am honored to recognize Lieutenant Jim Geraghty and his tremendous con-tributions to New Hampshire as the commander of the major crimes unit. Jim was an amazing individual and a committed family man. There is no question that he lived his life with great dedication, courage, and integ-rity. We are all deeply saddened by the un-timely loss of this true hero, a dear friend, and a beloved father, Lieuten-ant Jim Geraghty. My thoughts and prayers remain with Valerie, Jimmy, Colleen, Katie, and Erin. I continue to offer my deepest condolences and grati-tude for Jim’s life and his work. Jim gave so much to New Hampshire and our Nation and truly represented what it means to be an American.∑ 
f 
275TH ANNIVERSARY OF EPPING, NEW HAMPSHIRE ∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Epping, NH—a thriving community in Rockingham County that is celebrating the 275th anniver-sary of its founding. I am proud to join citizens across the Granite State in recognition of this historic event. The land where Epping stands today was given by the town of Exeter in 1710 as the part of the ‘‘Great Land Give-away.’’ In 1741, Epping officially sepa-rated from the town of Exeter and was established under Governor Benning Wentworth during the westward expan-sion of New Hampshire. Epping is renowned for its many brickyards that thrive off the town’s supply of naturally occurring clay. While the first brickyard did not open until 1840, many previous generations learned the trade and produced their own bricks. Evidence of their hard work is still visible today and indic-ative of the nature of Epping’s resi-dents. Epping has produced three New Hampshire Governors, the most nota-ble being William Plummer. Governor Plummer was a lawyer, a Baptist preacher, a historian, and an author. He was also one of New England’s first weathermen, recording weather condi-tions daily from 1796 to 1823. Steeped in a rich history of hard work and dedication, Epping is a shin-ing example of what makes New Hamp-shire great. This year, on the occasion of Epping’s 275th anniversary of its founding, I am proud to join the more than 6,000 residents in celebrating this special milestone and Epping’s many wonderful contributions to New Hamp-shire and our Nation.∑ REMEMBERING RONDA BYRD SCOTT ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I must share some bittersweet news about a beloved Montana woman. After a long life of dedicated service and leadership CSM Ronda Scott passed away on July 7, 2016. Ronda attended Helena High School in 1972 and receiving her associates de-gree from Western Montana College Ronda and went on to become an influ-ential member of the National Guard in 1975. Ronda’s dedication to her coun-try and her tenacious spirit was re-warded when she was elevated to the rank of command sergeant major, a first for a Montana woman. She served her State, her country, and her fellow soldiers selflessly as a member of the honor guard and served in Operation Iraqi Freedom. During her 34 years of service, she re-ceived multiple honors and distinc-tions, including the Bronze Star and the Legion of Merit Medal. After retir-ing in 2009, Ronda continued to dedi-cate her life to others. However, this time her priorities were her beloved grandchildren and the community of Helena. Not only was she a leader in uniform, she volunteered her time for events and organizations such as Race for the Cure, the American Legion, the Wine Fair, and many other veteran service organizations. Ronda fought her final battle against bone cancer and graciously lost the ul-timate fight we will all face one day. Those close to her say that, despite the circumstances, she never lost her cheerful spirit or love of life. I thank Ronda for her service and the impact she left on the city of Helena—she truly paved the way for Montana women. I hope she finds rest and that her family finds joy in all the wonder-ful memories she left behind. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 10:02 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 1777. An act to amend the Act of Au-gust 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with re-spect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, and for other purposes. H.R. 4372. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 15 Rochester Street, Bergen, New York, as the Barry G. Miller Post Office. H.R. 4960. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 525 N Broadway in Aurora, Illinois, as the ‘‘Kenneth M. Christy Post Office Building’’. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The message further announced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the text of the bill (H.R. 636) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend in-creased expensing limitations, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.072 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4998 July 12, 2016 
other purposes, and agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the title of the bill, with an amendment and an amendment to the title, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate. 
At 2:17 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3178. An act to simplify and stream-line the information regarding institutions of higher education made publicly available by the Secretary of Education, and for other purposes. H.R. 3179. An act to amend the loan coun-seling requirements under the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965, and for other purposes. H.R. 4404. An act to require an exercise re-lated to terrorist and foreign fighter travel, and for other purposes. H.R. 4785. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Sec-retary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain im-provements in managing the Department’s vehicle fleet, and for other purposes. H.R. 5056. An act to modernize and enhance airport perimeter and access control security by requiring updated risk assessments and the development of security strategies, and for other purposes. H.R. 5252. An act to designate the United States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at 1400 Lower Island Road in Tornillo, Texas, as the ‘‘Marcelino Serna Port of Entry’’. H.R. 5322. An act to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemp-tion for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States. H.R. 5385. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make technical cor-rections to the requirement that the Sec-retary of Homeland Security submit quad-rennial homeland security reviews, and for other purposes. H.R. 5469. An act to require the Secretary of the Treasury to direct the United States Executive Director at the International Monetary Fund to support the capacity of the International Monetary Fund to prevent money laundering and financing of ter-rorism. H.R. 5485. An act making appropriations for financial services and general govern-ment for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. H.R. 5528. An act to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to simplify the FAFSA, and for other purposes. H.R. 5529. An act to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to authorize additional grant activities for Hispanic-serving institu-tions. H.R. 5530. An act to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to modify certain provi-sions relating to the capital financing of his-torically Black colleges and universities. H.R. 5588. An act to increase, effective as of December 1, 2016, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5594. An act to require the establish-ment of a national strategy for combating the financing of terrorism and related finan-cial crimes, and for other purposes. H.R. 5602. An act to amend title 31, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to include all funds when issuing certain geographic targeting orders, and for other purposes. H.R. 5607. An act to enhance the Depart-ment of the Treasury’s role in protecting na-tional security, and for other purposes. H.R. 5636. An act to increase the effective-ness of and accountability for maintaining the physical security of NIST facilities and the safety of the NIST workforce. H.R. 5638. An act to provide for the estab-lishment at the Department of Energy of a Solar Fuels Basic Research Initiative. H.R. 5639. An act to update the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act, and for other purposes. H.R. 5640. An act to provide for the estab-lishment at the Department of Energy of an Electricity Storage Basic Research Initia-tive. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the following con-current resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 138. Concurrent resolution des-ignating the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in Lex-ington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3178. An act to simplify and stream-line the information regarding institutions of higher education made publicly available by the Secretary of Education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 3179. An act to amend the loan coun-seling requirements under the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 4404. An act to require an exercise re-lated to terrorist and foreign fighter travel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 4785. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Sec-retary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain im-provements in managing the Department’s vehicle fleet, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. H.R. 5056. An act to modernize and enhance airport perimeter and access control security by requiring updated risk assessments and the development of security strategies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 5252. An act to designate the United States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at 1400 Lower Island Road in Tornillo, Texas, as the ‘‘Marcelino Serna Port of Entry’’; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. H.R. 5322. An act to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemp-tion for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 5385. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make technical cor-rections to the requirement that the Sec-retary of Homeland Security submit quad-rennial homeland security reviews, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 5469. An act to require the Secretary of the Treasury to direct the United States Executive Director at the International Monetary Fund to support the capacity of the International Monetary Fund to prevent money laundering and financing of ter-rorism; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. H.R. 5528. An act to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to simplify the FAFSA, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5529. An act to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to authorize additional grant activities for Hispanic-serving institu-tions; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5530. An act to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to modify certain provi-sions relating to the capital financing of his-torically Black colleges and universities; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5594. An act to require the establish-ment of a national strategy for combating the financing of terrorism and related finan-cial crimes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 5602. An act to amend title 31, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to include all funds when issuing certain geographic targeting orders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 5607. An act to enhance the Depart-ment of the Treasury’s role in protecting na-tional security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 5636. An act to increase the effective-ness of and accountability for maintaining the physical security of NIST facilities and the safety of the NIST workforce; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 5638. An act to provide for the estab-lishment at the Department of Energy of a Solar Fuels Basic Research Initiative; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 5639. An act to update the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 5640. An act to provide for the estab-lishment at the Department of Energy of an Electricity Storage Basic Research Initia-tive; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
The following concurrent resolution was read, and referred as indicated: 
H. Con. Res. 138. Concurrent resolution des-ignating the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in Lex-ington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 5485. An act making appropriations for financial services and general govern-ment for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURE HELD AT THE DESK The following measure was ordered held at the desk: 
S. 2650. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come any prizes or awards won in competi-tion in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY6.011 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4999 July 12, 2016 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6088. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Oranges and Grapefruit Grown in Lower Rio Grande Valley in Texas; Relaxation of Container and Pack Requirements’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC– 16–0021) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6089. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Marketing Order Regulating the Handling of Spearmint Oil Produced in the Far West; Salable Quan-tities and Allotment Percentages for the 2016–2017 Marketing Year’’ (Docket No. AMS– SC–15–0074) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6090. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Christmas Tree Promotion, Research, and Information Order; Late Payment and Interest Charges on Past Due Assessments’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–15–0072) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6091. A communication from the Chair-man, Farm Credit System Insurance Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corporation’s annual report for calendar year 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6092. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Administration’s annual re-port for calendar year 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6093. A communication from the Chair-man and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Cred-it Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Administration’s strategic plan for fiscal years 2016 through 2021; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–6094. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Grapes Grown in a Designated Area of Southeastern California; Increased Assessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–15–0077) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6095. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘United States Standards for Grades of Processed Raisins’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–14–0087) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6096. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tart Cher-ries Grown in the States of Michigan, et al.; Free and Restricted Percentages for the 2015– 16 Crop Year for Tart Cherries’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–15–0063) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6097. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Cotton and Tobacco Pro-grams, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cotton Board Rules and Regulations: Amending Importer Line-Item De Minimis’’ (Docket No. AMS–CN–14–0037) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–6098. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the mobilizations of select reserve units, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6099. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report of a delay in submission of a report relative to the ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Inventory of Contracted Services’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6100. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of the Treasury, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Financial Stability Over-sight Council 2016 annual report to Congress; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6101. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rules of Practice and Procedure; Civil Money Penalty Infla-tion Adjustment’’ (RIN2590–AA88) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6102. A communication from the Assist-ant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Implementation of the Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjust-ment Act’’ (31 CFR Parts 501, 535, 536, 537, 538, 539, 541, 542, 543, 544, 546, 547, 548, 549, 560, 561, 566, 576, 588, 592, 593, 594, 597, and 598) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6103. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Avocados Grown in South Florida; Increased Assess-ment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–15–0083) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6104. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Integrated Light-Emitting Diode Lamps’’ ((RIN1904–AC67) (Docket No. EERE–2011–BT– TP–0071)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–6105. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Gath-ering of Certain Plants or Plant Parts by Federally Recognized Indian Tribes for Tra-ditional Purposes’’ (RIN1024–AD84) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–6106. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Ocean Disposal; Amendments to Re-strictions on Use of Dredged Material Dis-posal Sites in the Central and Western Re-gions of Long Island Sound; Connecticut’’ (FRL No. 9948–61–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6107. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutant Emissions: Petroleum Refinery Sector Amendments’’ (FRL No. 9948–92–OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6108. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Expedited Approval of Alternative Test Procedures for the Analysis of Contami-nants Under the Safe Drinking Water Act; Analysis and Sampling Procedures’’ (FRL No. 9948–54–OW) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6109. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Determination of Attainment; At-lanta; Georgia; 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9948–93–Re-gion 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6110. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Iowa’s Air Quality Imple-mentation Plans; Polk County Board of Health Rules and Regulations, Chapter V, Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9948–84–Region 7) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6111. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Washington: Spokane Sec-ond 10-Year Carbon Monoxide Limited Main-tenance Plan’’ (FRL No. 9948–97–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6112. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; NC; Fine Particu-late Matter National Ambient Air Quality Standards Revision’’ (FRL No. 9948–95–Re-gion 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6113. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the deauthorization of the Green 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY6.014 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5000 July 12, 2016 
River Locks and Dams 3, 4, 5, and 6 and Bar-ren River Lock and Dam 1; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6114. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the Turkey Creek Basin Flood Risk Management project, Merriam, Kansas; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–6115. A communication from the In-spector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Part D Plans Gen-erally Include Drugs Commonly Used by Dual Eligibles: 2016’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6116. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2015 Ac-tuarial Report on the Financial Outlook for Medicaid’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6117. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report required by the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (MACRA); to the Committee on Finance. EC–6118. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program: Expanding Uses of Medicare Data by Qualified Entities’’ ((RIN0938–AS66) (CMS–5061–F)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6119. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Alter-native Payment Models & Medicare Advan-tage’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6120. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Country-by-Coun-try Reporting’’ ((RIN1545–BM70) (TD 9773)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6121. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Geographical Areas Included in the ‘North American Area’ for Purposes of I.R.C. 274(h)’’ (Rev. Rul. 2016–16) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6122. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Proposed Qualified Intermediary Agreement’’ (Notice 2016–42) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6123. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the semiannual report on the continued compliance of Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan with the 1974 Trade Act’s freedom of emigration provi-sions, as required under the Jackson-Vanik Amendment; to the Committee on Finance. EC–6124. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘World Trade Center Health Program; Addition of New-Onset Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease and WTC-Related Acute Traumatic Injury to the List of WTC–Re-lated Health Conditions’’ (RIN0920–AA61) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 5, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6125. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act and Pedi-atric Research Equity Act’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6126. A communication from the Prin-cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy, Office of the Secretary, Department of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Department of Labor Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment Act Catch-Up Adjustments’’ (RIN1290–AA31) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6127. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medication Assisted Treat-ment for Opioid Use Disorders’’ (RIN0930– AA22) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–6128. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Certification of Fiscal Year 2016 Total Local Source Gen-eral Fund Revenue Estimate (Net of Dedi-cated Taxes) in Support of the District’s Issuance of $431,815,000 in General Obligation Bonds (Series 2016A)’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6129. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Customer Service Tests of Seven Large Agencies Show Mixed Results’’; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6130. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, United States Access Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s fiscal year 2015 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6131. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Semi-Annual Report of the Inspector General for the period from Octo-ber 1, 2015 through March 31, 2016 and the Semi-Annual Report of the Treasury Inspec-tor General for Tax Administration (TIGTA); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–6132. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Customs and Border Protec-tion, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Monetary Penalty Ad-justments for Inflation’’ (RIN1601–AA80) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6133. A communication from the Chair-man of the National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the activities performed by the agency that are not inherently govern-mental functions; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–6134. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The 2016 Indian Health Service and Tribal Health Care Facilities’ Needs Assessment Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Indian Af-fairs. EC–6135. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE420) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6136. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 630 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE414) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6137. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Vessels Using Pot Gear in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE457) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6138. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Longnose Skate in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE589) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6139. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 630 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE462) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6140. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Central Regu-latory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648– XE496) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6141. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Less Than 60 Feet (18.3 Meters) Length Over-all Using Hook-and-Line or Pot Gear in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XE430) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6142. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY6.016 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5001 July 12, 2016 
‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catch/Processors Using Trawl Gear in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE426) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6143. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Atka Mackerel in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE415) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6144. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Ex-clusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands; Final 2016 and 2017 Harvest Specifications for Groundfish’’ (RIN0648–XE202) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6145. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Ex-clusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Gulf of Alaska; Final 2016 and 2017 Harvest Speci-fications for Groundfish’’ (RIN0648–XE130) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6146. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Fisheries, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Ex-clusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Observer Coverage Requirements for Small Catcher/ Processors in the Gulf of Alaska and Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Groundfish Fish-eries’’ (RIN0648–BF36) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6147. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Central Regu-latory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648– XE519) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6148. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic: 2015 Commercial Account-ability Measure and Closure for South Atlan-tic Snowy Grouper’’ (RIN0648–XE666) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6149. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic: Re-Opening of Commer-cial Sector for South Atlantic Gray Triggerfish; January Through June Season’’ (RIN0648–XE606) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6150. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; Clo-sure of the Nantucket Lightship North Ac-cess Area to General Category Individual Fishing Quota Scallop Vessels’’ (RIN0648– XE681) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6151. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Gag Management Measures’’ (RIN0648–BF70) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6152. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–2457)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 6, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6153. A communication from the Assist-ant Administrator for Procurement, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘NASA Federal Acqui-sition Regulation Supplement: Removal of Grant Handbook References’’ (RIN2700–AE27) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6154. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Tri-mester Total Allowable Catch Area Closure for the Common Pool Fishery’’ (RIN0648– XE683) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 7, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 3361. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Insider Threat Program, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–297). By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-nance, without amendment: S. 3156. An original bill to provide en-hanced protections for taxpayers from fraud and other illegal activities, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–298). S. 3157. An original bill to prevent tax-payer identity theft and tax refund fraud, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–299). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: H.R. 1557. A bill to amend the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 to strengthen Federal antidiscrimination laws enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission and expand accountability within the Federal government, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–300). S. 461. A bill to provide for alternative fi-nancing arrangements for the provision of certain services and the construction and maintenance of infrastructure at land border ports of entry, and for other purposes. S. 2509. A bill to improve the Government- wide management of Federal property. f EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on Armed Services. Susan S. Gibson, of Virginia, to be Inspec-tor General of the National Reconnaissance Office. *Dimitri Frank Kusnezov, of California, to be Deputy Administrator for Defense Pro-grams, National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration. *Gail H. Marcus, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board for a term expiring October 18, 2018. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Wil-liam J. Galinis, to be Rear Admiral. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Chris-tian D. Becker, to be Rear Admiral. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Bruce L. Gillingham, to be Rear Admiral. Navy nomination of Capt. Troy M. McClelland, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Navy nomination of Capt. Ronny L. Jack-son, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Luke M. McCollum, to be Vice Admiral. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Steven M. Shepro, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Tammy S. Smith, to be Major General. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Brian E. Alvin, to be Major General. Army nomination of Col. Richard J. Heitkamp, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Miles A. Davis, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Fletcher V. Washington, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Nikki L. Griffin Olive, to be Brigadier General. Navy nomination of Capt. Darius Banaji, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Navy nomination of Capt. Tina A. David-son, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Navy nomination of Capt. Gayle D. Shaffer, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Navy nomination of Capt. Frank D. Whit-worth, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Navy nomination of Capt. Stephanie T. Keck, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). Navy nominations beginning with Capt. David A. Goggins and ending with Capt. Douglas W. Small, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 29, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Capt. Richard D. Heinz and ending with Capt. John T. Palmer, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 29, 2016. Navy nominations beginning with Capt. Carl P. Chebi and ending with Capt. Michael A. Wettlaufer, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 29, 2016. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the RECORDS on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY6.018 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5002 July 12, 2016 
the expense of reprinting on the Execu-tive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the in-formation of Senators . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nominations beginning with Walter W. Bean and ending with Scott L. Rummage, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 18, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Jen-nifer D. Bankston and ending with William F. Wolfe, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on May 18, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Richard D. Betzold and ending with Jennifer E. Tonneson, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 28, 2016. Air Force nominations beginning with Stefanie L. Shaver and ending with William J. Bridgham, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 28, 2016. Air Force nomination of Erol Agi, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Joshua D. Wright, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Phillip W. Neal, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Nathan D. Schroeder, to be Major. Army nomination of Renee V. Scott, to be Major. Army nomination of Keith D. Blodgett, to be Colonel. Army nominations beginning with Jeffrey M. Alston and ending with Michael J. Turley, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 28, 2016. Army nomination of Steven C. Loos, to be Major. Army nomination of Daniel W. M. Mackle, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Michael P. Lindsay, to be Major. Army nomination of Brando S. Jobity, to be Major. Army nomination of David C. Martin, to be Major. Navy nominations beginning with Gregory A. Verlinde and ending with David T. Wright, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 7, 2016. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HATCH: S. 3156. An original bill to provide en-hanced protections for taxpayers from fraud and other illegal activities, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Finance; placed on the calendar. By Mr. HATCH: S. 3157. An original bill to prevent tax-payer identity theft and tax refund fraud, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Finance; placed on the calendar. By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. SASSE): S. 3158. A bill to promote economic oppor-tunity for military families, to facilitate workforce attachment for military spouses in their chosen occupation across multiple geographical postings, to reduce barriers to work on military installations, to amend the District of Columbia Code to promote great-er freedom in the practice of regulated occu-pations, to combat abuse of occupational li-censing laws by economic incumbents, to promote competition, encourage innovation, protect consumers, and promote compliance with Federal antitrust law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. K ING, Mr. R EED, Ms. H
IRONO , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): S. 3159. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide tax credits for energy storage technologies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. PERDUE (for himself, Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. R ISCH): S. 3160. A bill to require all Department of State employees to use Department-man-aged email accounts and telephonic systems for all work-related electronic communica-tions, to require the Secretary of State to submit an annual report to Congress on any security violations within the Department, to provide training to Department of State employees on the rules and procedures gov-erning the appropriate handling of classified information, to reform the process for identi-fying and archiving classified information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. GRASSLEY: S. 3161. A bill to include the Secretary of Agriculture on the Committee on Foreign In-vestment in the United States and to provide for the consideration by that Committee of the national security effects of foreign in-vestment on agricultural assets; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 3162. A bill to provide for the consider-ation of energy storage systems by electric utilities as part of a supply side resource process, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. R EED, Mr. D URBIN , Ms. M
IKULSKI , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. B OOKER ): S. 3163. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to require oil polluters to pay the full cost of oil spills, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. SHAHEEN: S. 3164. A bill to provide protection for sur-vivors of domestic violence or sexual assault under the Fair Housing Act; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. R EED, Mr. D URBIN , Ms. M
IKULSKI , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. B OOKER ): S. 3165. A bill to amend the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 to require oil polluters to pay the full cost of oil spills, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 3166. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study on the designation of surgical health professional shortage areas; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions . By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mrs. CAPITO , Ms. M IKULSKI , and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. 3167. A bill to establish the Appalachian Forest National Heritage Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Ms. W AR-
REN): S. 3168. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to es-tablish the Stronger Together Program; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. ALEXANDER: S. 3169. A bill to support basic energy re-search and eliminate the wind production tax credit; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. RUBIO: S. 3170. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 3171. A bill to prohibit the transfer, loan, or other disposition of a machinegun or semiautomatic assault weapon to an indi-vidual under 16 years of age; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. T ESTER , and Mr. R ISCH): S. 3172. A bill to amend the Robert T. Staf-ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act to provide for certain wildfire miti-gation assistance; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs . f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. C OTTON , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. R
UBIO, and Mrs. E RNST ): S. Res. 526. A resolution calling for all par-ties to respect the arbitral tribunal ruling with regard to the South China Sea and to express United States policy on freedom of navigation and overflight in the East and South China Seas; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , and Mr. L EAHY ): S. Res. 527. A resolution recognizing the 75th anniversary of the opening of the Na-tional Gallery of Art; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. B
URR, Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. W ARNER , and Mr. W
ICKER ): S. Res. 528. A resolution commending the Tennessee Valley Authority on the 80th an-niversary of the unified development of the Tennessee River system; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. Res. 529. A resolution calling upon the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran to release Iranian-Americans Siamak Namazi and his father, Baquer Namazi; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Oct 13, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD16\JUL2016\S12JY6.REC S12JY6bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5003 July 12, 2016 
S. Con. Res. 46. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing support for the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims live with dignity, comfort, and security in their remaining years, and urging the Federal Republic of Germany to continue to reaffirm its commit-ment to comprehensively address the unique health and welfare needs of vulnerable Holo-caust victims, including home care and other medically prescribed needs; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 214, a bill to amend the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 to require share-holder authorization before a public company may make certain political expenditures, and for other purposes. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for cov-erage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services. 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as cosponsors of S. 386, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 524 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 524, to authorize the At-torney General and Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants to address the national epidemics of pre-scription opioid abuse and heroin use, and to provide for the establishment of an inter-agency task force to review, modify, and update best practices for pain management and prescribing pain medication, and for other purposes. 
S. 772 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) and the Senator from Ha-waii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 772, a bill to secure the Federal voting rights of persons when released from incarceration. 
S. 773 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 773, a bill to prevent har-assment at institutions of higher edu-cation, and for other purposes. 
S. 979 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 979, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. S. 1139 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1139, a bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to require States to provide for same day registration. 
S. 1538 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1538, a bill to reform the financing of Senate elections, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate dis-covery and development of disease- modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to encourage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the qual-ity and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2126 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2126, a bill to reauthorize the women’s business center program of the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes. 
S. 2175 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2175, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of po-diatrists in the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2217 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2217, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clarify certain disclosure requirements for restaurants and simi-lar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring pro-ceedings under section 403A. 
S. 2373 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2373, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of cer-tain lymphedema compression treat-ment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 2655 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2655, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the historic rehabilitation tax credit, and for other purposes. S. 2750 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2750, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code to extend and modify certain charitable tax provisions. 
S. 2774 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2774, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross income certain amounts re-alized on the disposition of property raised or produced by a student farmer, and for other purposes. 
S. 2791 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2791, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treat-ment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as radi-ation exposed veterans for purposes of the presumption of service-connection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
S. 2904 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2904, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the five month waiting period for dis-ability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 2927 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2927, a bill to prevent govern-mental discrimination against pro-viders of health services who decline involvement in abortion, and for other purposes. 
S. 3026 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3026, a bill to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on inaccurate caller identification information and to require providers of telephone serv-ice to offer technology to subscribers to reduce the incidence of unwanted telephone calls, and for other purposes. 
S. 3032 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3032, a bill to provide for an increase, effective December 1, 2016, in the rates of compensation for veterans with serv-ice-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity com-pensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3083 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Mississippi 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY6.022 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5004 July 12, 2016 
(Mr. W ICKER ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3083, a bill to provide housing opportunities in the United States through modernization of var-ious housing programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 3132 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3132, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide service dogs to cer-tain veterans with severe post-trau-matic stress disorder. 
S. 3134 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3134, a bill to improve Federal population surveys by requiring the collection of voluntary, self-disclosed information on sexual orientation and gender identity in cer-tain surveys, and for other purposes. 
S. 3147 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3147, a bill to support educational entities in fully implementing title IX and reducing and preventing sex dis-crimination in all areas of education. 
S. CON. RES. 43 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 43, a concurrent resolution supporting the bid of Los Angeles, Cali-fornia, to bring the 2024 Summer Olym-pic Games back to the United States and pledging the cooperation of Con-gress with respect to that bid. 
S. RES. 521 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 521, a resolution ex-pressing support for the designation of September 2016 as National Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 3162. A bill to provide for the con-sideration of energy storage systems by electric utilities as part of a supply side resource process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mr. REED. Mr. President, today, along with my colleague Senator H
ELL-
ER, I am introducing the Storage Tech-nology for Operational Readiness and Generating Energy Act, or STORAGE Act. I thank Senator H
ELLER for his work with me on this bipartisan bill. The advent of energy storage capac-ity means unused energy from renew-able sources can be made available for use when needed, rather than wasted. As a result, advances in energy storage can help improve the reliability, resil-iency, and flexibility of the grid, as well as reduce the potential for future rate increases for consumers. To further encourage the research and development of energy storage, the legislation we are introducing author-izes the Secretary of Energy to coordi-nate efforts among various existing programs at the Department of Energy. By streamlining these energy storage research and development programs, we hope we will maximize efficiency of funds and expand this vital research. I am pleased that the Senate has already included an amendment I offered with Senator HELLER to add these provi-sions as part of the Energy Policy Mod-ernization Act that we passed earlier this year. Our bill also amends the Public Util-ity Regulatory Policies Act of 19781, or PURPA, to add energy storage systems to the list of strategies states should consider when developing their energy plan in an effort to promote energy conservation and greater use of domes-tic energy. The bill does not mandate the implementation of this or any technology. Rather it simply encour-ages states to analyze whether energy storage would provide benefits to the overall system. I look forward to work-ing with Senator H
ELLER and our col-leagues to also find a path forward for these provisions. I urge our colleagues to join in sup-porting the STORAGE Act and taking commonsense steps to advance energy storage technology. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER: S. 3169. A bill to support basic energy research and eliminate the wind pro-duction tax credit; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I am here to talk about the importance of doubling funding for basic energy re-search and making $8.1 billion avail-able in the Federal budget to pay for it. The United States does many things well, but one thing we do better than any other country in the world is inno-vation through basic research. I have been talking a lot this year about bio-medical research. Dr. Francis Collins, the Director of the National Institutes of Health—which he calls the ‘‘Na-tional Institute of Hope’’—tells me that in 10 years, researchers in our country may be rebuilding hearts from stem cells, giving patients an artificial pancreas which would help patients with diabetes, and there may be a vac-cine for HIV/AIDS. Just as remarkable are the opportu-nities available in clean energy re-search: lowering the cost of energy, cleaning up the air, improving health, reducing poverty, and helping us deal with climate change—not just in the United States, but all around the world. Congress has been focused on dou-bling energy research since the 2007 America COMPETES Act that was passed with overwhelming bipartisan support and signed into law by Presi-dent Bush. America COMPETES grew out of a report called ‘‘Rising Above the Gathering Storm,’’ a report on American competitiveness, written by Norm Augustine, who was the commit-tee’s chair. The report’s main rec-ommendation was to increase energy research because of the benefits it would provide to our country and around the world. Eight years ago, in a speech at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, I called for a project that would duplicate the ur-gency of the World War II Manhattan Project and put the United States on a path to clean energy innovation. I pro-posed seven ‘‘grand challenges’’—No. 1, make plug-in electric vehicles com-monplace; No. 2, find a way to capture and use carbon; No. 3, help solar be-come cost-competitive; No. 4, safely manage nuclear waste; No. 5, encour-age cellulosic biofuels; No. 6, make new buildings green buildings; and No. 7, create energy from fusion. In 8 years, energy researchers have made tremendous progress in these areas. For example, the price of solar panels has fallen over 80 percent since 2008. In some of the other challenges, we still have a long way to go. That is why we need to keep our focus on mak-ing energy research a priority. The big-gest problem we have in funding basic energy research is how we pay for it. Today I am introducing legislation that finds a way to pay for it by ending the 24-year-old wind production tax credit at the end of this year, rather than in 2019, as the law now says. In-stead of slowly allowing the wind pro-duction tax credit to phase out, this bill would end it on January 1, 2017. Then Congress could use the $8.1 billion in savings to increase the funding au-thorization for the Office of Science for the same kind of basic energy research that helped drive our natural gas boom and will provide the basis for the next generation of energy innovation that will mean cleaner, cheaper, and more reliable energy. Research at the Office of Science benefits other Department of Energy programs, including advanced nuclear reactor research at the Office of Nu-clear Energy and research on carbon- capture technology at ARPA-E, which was formed by the America COM-PETES Act. Energy research through the Office of Science, nuclear and fossil energy programs, energy efficiency re-search, and ARPA-E have led to amaz-ing new discoveries. If more funding is available, it could be used to make sure energy research is a priority. Let’s not continue to give away this money to wind developers that have been using it to get rich over the last 24 years, often over the objections of communities, towns, and homeowners who don’t want their farmlands and mountain lands covered with 45-story turbines with blades as long as a foot-ball field. It is obvious what Congress ought to do, and it is obvious how we ought to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY6.025 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5005 July 12, 2016 
pay for it. In 2014, taxpayers com-mitted to spend—or Congress com-mitted for them—another $6 billion to extend the wind subsidy for 1 year. Let me emphasize that—$6 billion to ex-tend the wind subsidy for 1 year. That amount is more than the United States of America spends in an entire year on energy research through the Office of Science. That money could be used in-stead to put us on a path to double gov-ernment funding for basic energy re-search. Let’s not make that same mistake again. Basic energy research is one of the most important things we can do in this country. We need to unleash our free enterprise system to provide clean, cheap, reliable energy that will power our 21st century economy, create good jobs, and keep America competitive in the global economy. Political scientist Bjorn Lomborg wrote in the Wall Street Journal last month that ‘‘the Obama administra-tion’s signature power policy, the Clean Power Plan . . . will accomplish almost nothing.’’ He said: 
We should focus more on green-energy re-search and development, like that promoted by Bill Gates and the Breakthrough Coali-tion. Mr. Gates has announced that private investors are committing $7 billion for clean energy R&D while the White House will dou-ble its annual $5 billion green innovation fund. Sadly, this sorely needed investment is a fraction of the cost of the same adminis-tration’s misguided carbon-cut policies. Instead of rhetoric and ever-larger sub-sidies of today’s inefficient green tech-nologies, those who want to combat climate change should focus on dramatically boost-ing innovation to drive down the cost of fu-ture green energy. 
Finally, Bjorn Lomborg writes: 
The U.S. has already shown the way. With its relentless pursuit of fracking driving down the cost of natural gas, America has made a momentous switch from coal to gas that has done more to drive down carbon di-oxide emissions than any recent climate pol-icy. 
That is the end of the quote from the article in the Wall Street Journal. In my own conversations with Mr. Gates, he has said the government should double its $5 billion annual in-vestment in basic energy research in order to support clean energy innova-tion in the private sector. For example, that research could help develop small modular reactors which would allow in-herently safe nuclear power to be pro-duced with less capital investment and less resulting nuclear waste in more places. Small modular reactors are one way the country can increase cheap, clean, reliable power. Another way is to continue to develop new advanced reactors and do the research that is necessary to begin the process of ex-tending reactor licenses from 60 to 80 years. Why should we close reactors when our 100 reactors provide 60 percent of the carbon-free electricity in the United States? Nuclear power provides 60 percent of the carbon-free electricity in the United States today. It is avail-able 92 percent of the time. On the other hand, wind, despite these huge subsidies, produces 15 percent of our country’s carbon-free electricity. The wind often blows at night when elec-tricity isn’t needed, and it isn’t easy to store that electricity. It is hard to think of an important technological innovation since World War II that hasn’t involved at least some form of government-sponsored re-search. Natural gas, our latest energy boom, is a very good example. The de-velopment of unconventional gas was enabled in part by 3–D mapping at Sandia National Laboratory in New Mexico and the Department of Ener-gy’s large-scale demonstration project. Then our free enterprise system and our tradition of private ownership of mineral rights capitalized on our basic energy research. Supercomputing, which is part of the Office of Science, is another tool for energy innovation. Supercomputing could do for nuclear power what mas-sive hydraulic fracturing, new mapping tools, and horizontal drilling did for natural gas. By the end of next year, we expect the world’s fastest supercom-puter will again be in the United States, and once again, it will be at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Ten-nessee. That computer is called Summit, and it will help researchers better under-stand materials, nuclear power, and basic energy science to drive break-throughs. Supporting the next genera-tion of computers, known as exascale, an area of agreement between the Obama administration and Congress, is also essential to our ability to solve the most complex scientific problems for both our country’s competitiveness and national security. Exascale computers will have a 1,000- fold increase in sustained performance over today’s petascale computers, which have been operating since 2008. Congress can invest in this kind of innovation or we can invest in sub-sidizing giant wind turbines that produce a puny amount of electricity at a great cost to taxpayers. Some en-ergy developers are reaping great fi-nancial benefits provided by the wind production tax credit, which has been in place now for 24 years. It has pro-vided billions in subsidies to the wind industry and has been extended 10 dif-ferent times. The subsidy to Big Wind is so gen-erous that, in some markets, wind pro-ducers can literally give their elec-tricity away and still make a profit. This phenomenon is called negative pricing. Most of the time, wind power is unreliable and ineffective at meeting the demands of our industries, our computers, our homes, and almost ev-erything else we depend upon. Nation-wide, wind power is available about 35 percent of the time, and only 18 per-cent of the time in Tennessee, my home State, while nuclear power on the other hand is available 92 percent of the time. Wind is not effective at meeting peak power demands because the wind blows, as I said, mostly when demand is low at night and does not blow when de-mand is high during the day. Wind pro-duction tends to peak in the spring and fall when the need for energy is at its lowest. In fact, wind production de-creases in the winter and summer, when heating and cooling needs can dramatically increase the demand for electricity. Until there is some way to cost-effec-tively store wind power, it would be dangerous for a country our size to rely significantly on wind. Relying on wind when nuclear plants are available is the energy equivalent of going to war in sailboats when a nuclear navy is available. If reliable, cheap, and clean elec-tricity is the goal, then four nuclear reactors, each occupying 1 square mile, would equal the production of a row of 45-story wind turbines strung the en-tire length of the 2,178-mile Appa-lachian Trail from Georgia to Maine. Even if you wanted to build all of those turbines along the most picturesque mountains in the Eastern United States, you would still need a nuclear reactor or gas plant to power your home or business when the wind does not blow. These are not your grandma’s wind-mills. Each one is over two times as tall as the skyboxes at the University of Tennessee football stadium and tall-er than the Statue of Liberty. The blades on each one are as long as a football field. Their blinking lights can be seen for 20 miles. Many communities—take a look at the windmills in Palm Springs, CA— where wind projects have been pro-posed have tried to stop them before they go up because, once the wind tur-bines and new transmission lines are built, it is hard to take them down. In October, the residents of Irasburg, VT, voted 274 to 9 against a plan to in-stall a pair of 500-foot turbines on a ridgeline visible from their neighbor-hoods. In New York, three counties opposed 500- to 600-foot wind turbines next to Lake Ontario. People in the town of Yates voted unanimously to oppose the project in order to ‘‘preserve their rural landscape.’’ Yet utilities are talk-ing about closing nuclear reactors, which produce 60 percent of our carbon- free electricity. In January, Apex Clean Energy an-nounced it would spoil Tennessee’s mountain beauty by building up to 23 wind turbines in Cumberland County, less than 10 miles from Cumberland Mountain State Park, where for a half century Tennesseans and tourists have camped, fished, canoed, and kayaked alongside herons and belted kingfishers around Byrd Lake. Residents are voic-ing their opposition. The city council has voted to oppose it. Finally, Clean Line Energy is pro-posing to build a single 700-mile direct current transmission line from Okla-homa, through Arkansas, to deliver wind power to Tennessee and other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.044 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5006 July 12, 2016 
Southeastern States even though the Tennessee Valley Authority has an-nounced publicly that it does not need the power. Yet the subsidies for wind are so large that developers are con-tinuing with wind projects anyway. Ar-kansas objects to the project. Ten-nessee does not need the power. But the Federal Government is attempting to use Federal eminent domain to pro-ceed. According to the Congressional Research Service, this would be the first time that Federal eminent do-main authority has been used for elec-tric transmission lines over the objec-tion of a State. The wind production tax credit is as bad for taxpayers as giant wind tur-bines are bad for the environment. Clean energy research can help us lower the cost of energy, clean the air and improve health, reduce poverty, and deal with climate change. Let’s end the wind production tax credit this year instead of 2019 and authorize the $8.1 billion in basic energy research to find more ways to ensure that the United States has reliable sources of cheap, efficient, and carbon-free elec-tricity. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 526—CALL-ING FOR ALL PARTIES TO RE-SPECT THE ARBITRAL TRIBUNAL RULING WITH REGARD TO THE SOUTH CHINA SEA AND TO EX-PRESS UNITED STATES POLICY ON FREEDOM OF NAVIGATION AND OVERFLIGHT IN THE EAST AND SOUTH CHINA SEAS Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. C OTTON , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. R
UBIO, and Mrs. E RNST ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 526 Whereas, on July 12, 2016, the Permanent Court of Arbitration (PCA) of the Inter-national Tribunal of the Law of the Sea (‘‘Tribunal’’), constituted under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS), done at Montego Bay December 10, 1982, issued a legally binding ruling on the parties in the case brought at the re-quest of the Republic of Philippines against the People’s Republic of China concerning a dispute over the maritime jurisdiction in the South China Sea; Whereas the Tribunal supported the Phil-ippines’ claim that China breached its sov-ereign rights, ruling that ‘‘China has, by pro-mulgating its 2012 moratorium on fishing in the South China Sea, without exception for areas of the South China Sea falling within the exclusive economic zone of the Phil-ippines and without limiting the moratorium to Chinese flagged vessels, breached Article 56 of the Convention with respect to the Philippines’ sovereign rights over the living resources of its exclusive economic zone’’ Whereas the Tribunal invalidated China’s so-called ‘‘nine-dash line’’ sovereignty claims over the South China Sea, concluding that ‘‘as between the Philippines and China, China’s claims to historic rights, or other sovereign rights or jurisdiction, with respect to the maritime areas of the South China Sea encompassed by the relevant part of the ‘nine-dash line’ are contrary to the Conven-tion and without lawful effect to the extent that they exceed the geographic and sub-stantive limits of China’s maritime entitle-ments under the Convention’’; Whereas, on January 22, 2013, arbitration began when the Philippines served China with a Notification and Statement of Claim pursuant to the UNCLOS provisions con-cerning the resolution of disputes and the ar-bitration procedure; Whereas, on February 19, 2013, China re-jected and returned the Philippines’ Notifi-cation and since that date has refused to par-ticipate in the arbitration proceedings; Whereas, on June 21, 2013, the Tribunal was constituted pursuant to the procedure set out in Annex VII of the UNCLOS to decide the dispute presented by the Philippines; Whereas, on October 29, 2015, the Tribunal held that ‘‘both the Philippines and China are parties to [UNCLOS] and bound by its provisions on the settlement of disputes,’’ that ‘‘China’s decision not to participate in these proceedings does not deprive the Tri-bunal of jurisdiction,’’ and that ‘‘the Phil-ippines’ decision to commence arbitration unilaterally was not an abuse of the Conven-tion’s dispute settlement procedures’’; Whereas the South China is one of the world’s most strategically important com-mercial waterways, and almost 30 percent of the world’s maritime trade transits the South China Sea annually, including ap-proximately $1,200,000,000,000 in ship-borne trade bound for the United States; Whereas, according to the United States Energy Information Administration, there are approximately 11,000,000,000 barrels and 190,000,000,000,000 cubic feet of proven and probable oil and natural gas reserves in the South China Sea; Whereas, according to the United States Department of Defense, ‘‘[a]lthough the United States takes no position on com-peting sovereignty claims to land features in the region, all such claims must be based upon land (which in the case of islands means naturally formed areas of land that are above water at high tide), and all mari-time claims must derive from such land in accordance with international law,’’; Whereas, according to the Department of Defense, ‘‘[s]ince Chinese land reclamation efforts began in December 2013, China has re-claimed land at seven of its eight Spratly outposts and, as of June 2015, had reclaimed more than 2,900 acres of land’’; Whereas, according to Director of National Intelligence: ‘‘China continued its land rec-lamation efforts at Subi and Mischief Reefs after 5 August 2015, based on commercial im-agery. Between that date and late October, when reclamation activity ended, China re-claimed more than 100 additional acres of land.’’; Whereas, according to the Director of Na-tional Intelligence: ‘‘We assess that China has established the necessary infrastructure to project military capabilities in the South China Sea beyond that which is required for point defense of its outposts. These capabili-ties could include the deployment of modern fighter aircraft, surface-to-air missiles (SAMS), and coastal defense cruise missiles, as well as increased presence of People’s Lib-eration Army Navy (PLAN) surface combat-ants and China Coast Guard (CCG) large pa-trol ships.’’; Whereas, according to the Director of Na-tional Intelligence: ‘‘We assess that China will continue to pursue construction and in-frastructure development at its expanded outposts in the South China Sea. Based on the pace and scope of construction at these outposts, China will be able to deploy a range of offensive and defensive military ca-pabilities and support increased PLAN and CCG presence beginning in 2016.’’; Whereas, on May 30, 2015, Secretary of De-fense Ashton Carter stated at the Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore, ‘‘[T]he United States will continue to protect freedom of naviga-tion and [overflight—principles] that have ensured security and prosperity in this re-gion for decades. There should be no mis-take: the United States will fly, sail, and op-erate wherever international law allows, as United States forces do all over the world.’’; Whereas, in October 2015, January 2016, and May 2016, the United States Navy conducted three freedom of navigation operations (FONOP) in the area, transiting inside the 12-mile nautical zone of the contested fea-tures in the South China Sea; Whereas Article 5 of the Mutual Defense Treaty Between the United States and the Republic of the Philippines, signed on Au-gust 30, 1951, states that ‘‘an armed attack on either of the Parties is deemed to include an armed attack on the metropolitan terri-tory of either of the Parties, or on the island territories under its jurisdiction in the Pa-cific or on its armed forces, public vessels or aircraft in the Pacific’’; and Whereas the United States reiterates its security commitment to Japan and reaffirms that Article 5 of the United States-Japan Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security covers all territories under Japan’s adminis-tration, including the Senkaku islands; Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the July 12, 2016, ruling issued by the Tribunal as binding on all parties in the case, and calls on all claimants to pursue peaceful resolution of outstanding maritime claims in the South China Sea consistent with international law; (2) urges all parties to take action to im-plement the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea and take steps towards early conclusion of a meaning-ful Code of Conduct, which would provide agreed upon rules of the road to reduce ten-sion among claimant states; (3) opposes any actions in the South China Sea to change the status quo by coercion, force, or the threat of use of force; (4) calls on the Government of the People’s Republic of China to cease all reclamation and militarization activities in the South China Sea and end provocative actions in the East China Sea, which undermine peace and stability in the region; (5) reaffirms Article V of the Mutual De-fense Treaty Between the United States and the Republic of the Philippines; (6) reaffirms Article V of the Treaty of Mu-tual Cooperation and Security between the United States and Japan; (7) urges the Secretary of State to utilize all diplomatic channels to communicate worldwide unwavering United States support for freedom of navigation and overflight in the South China Sea; and (8) urges the Secretary of Defense to rou-tinely enforce freedom of navigation and overflight in the East and South China Seas, which is critical to United States national security interests and peace and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I rise to speak about American leadership in the Asia-Pacific region, an area that will be more and more critical to our economy and national security for gen-erations to come. Earlier today, an international tri-bunal issued an important ruling re-garding maritime claims in the South China Sea, which can potentially have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.045 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5007 July 12, 2016 
lasting consequences for peace and sta-bility in that region and global secu-rity in general as the world chooses be-tween an order of rule or an order of lawlessness. Today, the tribunal ruled in favor of our ally the Philippines and against the People’s Republic of China, which has refused to recognize and par-ticipate in the tribunal altogether, a tribunal sanctioned under inter-national agreement both nations are a party to. The tribunal began its work on Janu-ary 22, 2013, when the Philippines served notice to China in international court regarding the violations of its sovereignty and China’s claims in the South China Sea. On February 19, 2013, China rejected and returned the Philippines’ notifica-tion, and since that date, China has re-fused to participate in the arbitration proceedings. On October 29, 2015, the tribunal held that despite China’s nonparticipation, it has the jurisdiction to deliver a bind-ing legal ruling in this case since both nations are treaty participants. Today, the panel ruled that China ‘‘breached the sovereign rights of the Philippines’’ with regard to maritime disputes between the two nations. More importantly, the tribunal invalidated China’s sovereignty claims over almost the entirety of the South China Sea, stating that ‘‘China’s claims to his-toric rights or jurisdiction, with re-spect to the maritime areas of the South China Sea encompassed by the relevant part of the ‘nine-dash line’ are contrary to the Convention and with-out lawful effect.’’ While the United States is not di-rectly a party to this dispute and takes no position on the sovereignty claims among the various claimants, this rul-ing is important for many reasons: First, the South China Sea is one of the most important commercial water-ways in the world. Almost 30 percent of the world’s maritime trade transits the South China Sea annually, including approximately $1.2 trillion in ship- borne trade bound for the United States. Moreover, according to the U.S. En-ergy Information Administration, there are approximately 11 billion bar-rels and 190 cubic feet of proven and probable oil and natural gas reserves in the South China Sea itself which China wants to claim. Second, the ruling reinforces the right of our military to operate freely in the region, utilizing our long-standing rights of international transit on the high seas—the rights long estab-lished by international law. On May 30, 2015, speaking at the Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore, Sec-retary of Defense Ash Carter stated: 
The United States will continue to protect freedom of navigation and overflight—prin-ciples that have ensured prosperity and secu-rity in this region for decades. There should be no mistake: The United States will fly, sail, and operate wherever international law allows, as U.S. forces do all over the world. 
The United States has since con-ducted three freedom of navigation op-erations—or FONOPs—in the area in October of 2015, January of 2016, and May of 2016, transiting inside the 12- mile nautical zone of the contested fea-tures in the South China Sea. Last month, I attended the Shangri- La Dialogue along with a number of my Senate colleagues, and we heard a tremendous amount of concern from regional leaders, not only about the South China Sea but also about wheth-er or not the United States can endure regionally and globally. The South China Sea and what happens there are important tests of American leadership and our ability to support our close al-lies in the face of aggression that is outside of international norms. So we need to start this conversa-tion, as well, by asking the simple question: How did we get here? I wish to point out a chart that helps show what is going on in the South China Sea. The situation in the South China Sea stems from a Chinese claim called the nine-dash line. It is the red dash line here in the South China Sea, which covers more than 90 percent of the South China Sea. We can see it on the chart, within the lines. China has never offered any detailed explanation or any legal basis for this claim. As the ruling stated today by the tribunal: As far as the Tribunal is aware, China has never expressly clarified the nature or scope of its claimed historic rights. Nor has it ever clarified its understanding of the meaning of the ‘‘nine-dash line.’’ 
For decades we did not pay much at-tention; the U.S. did not pay much at-tention to these groundless claims be-cause, while there are certainly inci-dents and skirmishes, China did not take the highly coercive actions to en-force its claims that we see today. However, over the last several years, China has significantly upped the ante and undertaken a massive effort to re-claim a number of the disputed fea-tures in the South China Sea and to militarize these islands. According to the Department of De-fense, ‘‘[s]ince Chinese land reclama-tion efforts began in December of 2013, China has . . . reclaimed more than 2,900 acres of land’’ and ‘‘has deployed artillery, built aircraft runways and buildings and positioned radars and other equipment.’’ According to the Director of National Intelligence: 
We assess that China has established the necessary infrastructure to project military capabilities in the South China Sea beyond that which is required for point defense of its outposts. These capabilities could include the deployment of modern fighter aircraft, surface-to-air missiles, and coastal defense cruise missiles, as well as increased presence of Peoples’ Liberation Army Navy surface combatants and China Coast Guard large pa-trol ships. 
With these capabilities, China could easily intimidate and, if needed, over-power its much smaller and less capa-ble neighbors. So let me point out the second chart here today. In the next year, we will be able to see just how fast the Chinese can build these islands. According to reports and expert as-sessments, what we are seeing here is ‘‘an artificial island’’—what it looked like in the very beginning, the original structure—‘‘covering 75,000 square yards—about 14 football fields—includ-ing two piers, a cement plant and a helipad, at a land formation called Hughes Reef. . . . The reef, which is above water only at low tide, lies about 210 miles from the Philippines and 660 miles from China.’’ So here is what this looked like in 2014—this original structure right here, the Hughes Reef. We can see what it looked like here, and in January of 2015: 75,000 square yards of land rec-lamation activities, the helipad over here, the original structure—we can see it right here—and the cement plant. There are 14 football fields worth of land reclamation on a structure that is only 210 miles away from the Phil-ippines yet 660 miles away from China. These actions not only show blatant disregard for the rights of the other claimants in the South China Sea, but it undermines international law. This is what the international tri-bunal confirmed today. Now it is up to the United States and the world to ad-dress the question as to what comes next. Make no mistake, through these ac-tivities, China has sent a message not only to its neighbors but also to Amer-ica as a Pacific power, and we must be ready to answer. So today I am proud to submit a res-olution with my colleagues, Senators MCCAIN, COTTON , SULLIVAN , RUBIO, and E
RNST , that offers some policy guide-lines moving forward on how to address the challenge of the South China Sea. Our resolution, first of all, supports the July 12, 2016, ruling issued by the tri-bunal as binding on all parties and calls on all parties to pursue peaceful resolution of outstanding maritime claims in the South China Sea con-sistent with international law. It urges all parties to take action to implement the Declaration on the Conduct of Par-ties in South China Sea and take steps toward early conclusion of a meaning-ful, binding code of conduct which would provide agreed-upon rules of the road to reduce tension among claimant States. It states that we will oppose any ac-tions in the South China Sea to change the status quo by coercion, force, or the threat of use of force. It calls on the People’s Republic of China to cease all reclamation and militarization activities in the South China Sea and to end provocative ac-tions in the East China Sea, which un-dermine peace and stability in the re-gion. Furthermore, the resolution reaf-firms article V of the Mutual Defense Treaty between the United States and the Republic of the Philippines, and ar-ticle V of the Treaty of Mutual Co-operation and Security between the United States and Japan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.047 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5008 July 12, 2016 
It urges the U.S. State Department to utilize all diplomatic channels to communicate worldwide, unwavering U.S. support for freedom of navigation and overflight of the South China Sea, and it urges the U.S. Department of Defense to routinely enforce freedom of navigation and overflight in East and South China Seas, which is critical to U.S. national security interests and peace and prosperity in the Asia-Pa-cific region. It is my sincere hope that instead of an escalation, China chooses the oppo-site track and abides by this ruling and immediately ceases its destabilizing activities. But should that not come to pass, the United States and our allies must be ready to lead and defend our allies, our values, and our principles. The world is better served when those of us around the globe recognize rules of international behavior, inter-national law, and that we can together reinforce responsible behavior. And we will know going forward from this rul-ing if China is going to be a responsible rising power that respects the rules of international law, or if the history books will later look back at this time period and show a nation that decides to ignore international law, to ignore the law that binds itself with its neigh-bors and, instead, acts out of self-gain and self-interests. No matter what happens going for-ward, the United States must show leadership, resolve, and we must show our allies that we are committed to making sure that international law is respected and upheld. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 527—RECOG-NIZING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE OPENING OF THE NA-TIONAL GALLERY OF ART Mr. UDALL (for himself, Ms. M
IKUL-
SKI, and Mr. L EAHY ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration: 
S. R ES. 527 Whereas March 17, 2016, marked the 75th anniversary of the opening of the National Gallery of Art (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘Gallery’’); Whereas the Gallery is the culmination of the dream of Andrew Mellon to endow a true national gallery in Washington, DC; Whereas President Franklin Delano Roo-sevelt and the 75th Congress recognized the importance of this monumental gift to the people of the United States by quickly ac-cepting the gift of Mr. Mellon on behalf of the United States; Whereas the landmark buildings of the Gallery were given to the people of the United States as gifts by Andrew Mellon and his children, Paul Mellon and Ailsa Mellon Bruce; Whereas the agreement to place the Gal-lery on the National Mall, side-by-side with the monuments most meaningful to the peo-ple of the United States, symbolized the im-portance of art in the life of the United States; Whereas the extraordinary collection of Mr. Mellon of 153 works of art served as a magnet to attract other gifts from across the United States and established the highest standard of quality for the works of art, re-sulting in one of the finest collections in the world, with more than 144,000 works; Whereas the collections of the Gallery have grown entirely through private dona-tions from generous individuals in service to all of the people of the United States; Whereas the Gallery epitomizes the fruit-ful collaboration of the United States Gov-ernment and the people of the United States in creating a great institution dedicated to art, education, and service; Whereas all subsequent Presidents and Congresses have supported the Gallery by providing for the protection and care of the collection; Whereas Federal support and donations of extraordinary art from generous individuals in the United States have resulted in the most successful public-private partnership in the United States, hosting more than 250,000,000 visitors from every State and from other countries to demonstrate the commit-ment of the United States to promoting the shared cultural heritage of all humanity; Whereas the permanent collection of the Gallery comprises masterpieces of art from Europe and the United States from the Ren-aissance period to the present day; Whereas some 1,200 temporary exhibitions have brought great art from throughout the world, from a wide range of cultures and time periods, to the people of the United States; Whereas the Gallery has set a standard of generosity in lending works of art to muse-ums throughout the United States and in sending those works as ambassadors of good will to countries throughout the world; Whereas, for 75 years, the Gallery has served as both trustee of the fine arts collec-tion of the United States and as an active and vigorous educational resource, serving hundreds of thousands of students who visit Washington, DC; Whereas, since its founding, the Gallery has provided art education programs without charge to students in elementary and sec-ondary schools and at institutions of higher learning in every State; Whereas, through the support of Andrew Mellon and his son Paul, the Gallery serves as an international center for scholarship and research and is a leader in internation-ally published conservation and research; Whereas the Gallery is home to a superb center for advanced studies in the visual arts that brings new insights to the humane her-itage of mankind both nationally and inter-nationally; Whereas the Gallery has created a major art research library, housing a collection of more than 400,000 books, periodicals, and documents on the history, theory, and criti-cism of art and architecture, and an image collection of some 13,000,000 photographs, slides, negatives, and microform images of Western art and architecture; Whereas, since 1942, the Gallery has spon-sored more than 3,100 free Sunday concerts featuring the National Gallery Orchestra as well as musicians and ensembles from around the world for the enjoyment of more than 1,000,000 visitors, creating what is con-sidered the oldest continuous series of free weekly concerts in Washington, DC; Whereas, to facilitate learning, enrich-ment, enjoyment, and exploration, the Gal-lery has expanded its educational mission by providing free downloads of more than 45,000 digital images of works from its collection through its innovative web service, NGAImages; and Whereas the Gallery provides permanence in an ever-changing world, maintaining a tangible record of human aspirations and values for the people of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the 75th anniversary of the opening of the National Gallery of Art; (2) acknowledges the contribution of the National Gallery of Art to the cultural life of the United States; (3) applauds the work of the National Gal-lery of Art to collect and preserve art, edu-cate people in the United States, and bring exciting exhibitions for all to enjoy; (4) commends the work of the staff of the National Gallery of Art to ensure that all of the people of the United States have access to the highest quality art; and (5) continues to support the National Gal-lery of Art, a great national treasure. f SENATE RESOLUTION 528—COM-MENDING THE TENNESSEE VAL-LEY AUTHORITY ON THE 80TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE UNIFIED DEVELOPMENT OF THE TEN-NESSEE RIVER SYSTEM Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. B
URR, Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. S
HELBY , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. W ARNER , and Mr. W
ICKER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 528 Whereas the Tennessee Valley Authority (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘TVA’’) was created by Congress in 1933 to improve navigation along the Tennessee River, re-duce the risk of floods and flood damage, provide low-cost electricity, and promote en-vironmental stewardship and economic de-velopment in the region; Whereas the TVA submitted a plan to Con-gress in March of 1936 to improve navigation of the Tennessee River and to help control flooding in the Tennessee Valley; Whereas Norris Dam, the first dam con-structed by the TVA, began to operate on July 28, 1936; Whereas the integrated management of the Tennessee River system by the TVA provides a wide range of benefits that include elec-trical power, reducing floods, improving water quality and supply, enhancing recre-ation, and protecting public land; Whereas the TVA has improved navigation of the Tennessee River system and facili-tated freight transportation; Whereas the TVA has reduced the risk of flood damage through the construction of locks, dams, and reservoirs throughout the Tennessee Valley; Whereas the TVA provides reliable and af-fordable electricity and has stimulated eco-nomic growth; Whereas the TVA continues to promote economic development by helping companies and communities attract investments that bring good jobs to the Tennessee Valley re-gion; and Whereas the TVA continues to serve more than 9,000,000 customers in Alabama, Geor-gia, Tennessee, Mississippi, Kentucky, North Carolina, and Virginia: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commends the Tennessee Valley Au-thority on the 80th anniversary of the uni-fied development of the Tennessee River sys-tem; (2) recognizes the important role of Norris Dam, the first dam constructed by the Ten-nessee Valley Authority, which was com-pleted on July 28, 1936; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.048 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5009 July 12, 2016 
(3) honors the accomplishments of the Ten-nessee Valley Authority in improving navi-gation, controlling floods, promoting envi-ronmental stewardship, and providing afford-able electricity throughout the Tennessee Valley region; (4) recognizes the Tennessee Valley Au-thority for its long and proud history of serv-ice in the areas of energy, the environment, and economic development throughout Ala-bama, Georgia, Tennessee, Mississippi, Ken-tucky, North Carolina, and Virginia; and (5) respectfully requests the Secretary of the Senate to transmit a copy of this resolu-tion for appropriate display to— (A) the Chairman of the Board of the Ten-nessee Valley Authority, Joe Ritch; and (B) the Chief Executive Officer of the Ten-nessee Valley Authority, William Johnson. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 529—CALL-ING UPON THE GOVERNMENT OF THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN TO RELEASE IRANIAN-AMERI-CANS SIAMAK NAMAZI AND HIS FATHER, BAQUER NAMAZI Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 529 Whereas dual citizen of the United States and Iran Siamak Namazi studied inter-national relations at Tufts University and urban planning at Rutgers University; Whereas Siamak Namazi was named as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2007; Whereas Siamak Namazi was a former Public Policy Fellow at the Woodrow Wilson Center for International Scholars, was a business consultant, and most recently worked in the petroleum industry for a com-pany based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Whereas Siamak Namazi traveled from Dubai to Tehran to visit relatives in July 2015; Whereas Siamak Namazi was prohibited from leaving Iran in mid-July 2015; Whereas Siamak Namazi was interrogated for 3 months before he was detained on Octo-ber 15, 2015, without any charges; Whereas Amnesty International has stated that detainees and prisoners in Iran have re-ported ‘‘acts of torture and other ill-treat-ment, particularly during primary investiga-tions mainly to force ‘confessions’ or gather other incriminatory evidence’’ and ‘‘were de-nied adequate medical care; in some cases, the authorities withheld prescribed medica-tions to punish prisoners’’; Whereas on March 14, 2016, the United Na-tions Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran stated that serious human rights abuses con-tinue to be reported in Iran including ‘‘an alarming surge in the rate of unlawful execu-tions in the country and ongoing arbitrary arrests, detention and prosecution of individ-uals for the exercise of their fundamental rights’’ and at least 966 persons were exe-cuted in Iran in 2015, which is the highest rate in more than 20 years; Whereas Siamak Namazi remains under ar-rest in Evin Prison even though no charges have been filed against him; Whereas dual citizen of the United States and Iran, Baquer Namazi, who is the father of Siamak Namazi was detained on February 22, 2016, and is also being held in Evin Prison; Whereas Baquer Namazi worked for UNICEF in New York and served as the UNICEF Representative to Somalia, Kenya, and Egypt; Whereas Baquer Namazi is a recognized leader of humanitarian causes, especially poverty eradication, through his United Na-tions work and his post-retirement civil soci-ety activities; Whereas Secretary of State John Kerry stated on February 25, 2016, in response to a question about the detention of Siamak Namazi, ‘‘I am very familiar with this and I am engaged on it specifically’’; and Whereas on January 16, 2016, the Govern-ment of the Islamic Republic of Iran released United States citizens Jason Rezaian of Cali-fornia, Saeed Abedini of Idaho, Amir Mirzaei Hekmati of Michigan, Matthew Trevithick of Massachusetts, and Nosratollah Khosravi- Roodsari: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) calls upon the Government of the Is-lamic Republic of Iran to unconditionally re-lease Siamak and Baquer Namazi imme-diately; (2) urges the Secretary of State, the allies of the United States, and the United Nations to raise the cases of Siamak and Baquer Namazi with officials of the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran at every oppor-tunity and undertake efforts to secure their immediate release; (3) encourages the President to utilize ap-propriate measures against the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran if Siamak and Baquer Namazi are not released; and (4) expresses sympathy to the family of Siamak and Baquer Namazi for their anguish and expresses hope that their ordeal can be brought to an end in the near future. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 46—EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE GOAL OF ENSURING THAT ALL HOLOCAUST VICTIMS LIVE WITH DIGNITY, COMFORT, AND SECURITY IN THEIR RE-MAINING YEARS, AND URGING THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY TO CONTINUE TO RE-AFFIRM ITS COMMITMENT TO COMPREHENSIVELY ADDRESS THE UNIQUE HEALTH AND WEL-FARE NEEDS OF VULNERABLE HOLOCAUST VICTIMS, INCLUDING HOME CARE AND OTHER MEDI-CALLY PRESCRIBED NEEDS Mr. NELSON (for himself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted the following con-current resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. C ON. RES. 46 Whereas the annihilation of 6,000,000 Jews during the Holocaust and the murder of mil-lions of others by the Nazi German state constitutes one of the most tragic and hei-nous crimes in human history; Whereas hundreds of thousands of Jews survived persecution by the Nazi regime de-spite being imprisoned, subjected to slave labor, moved into ghettos, forced to live in hiding or under false identity or curfew, or required to wear the ‘‘yellow star’’; Whereas in fear of the oncoming Nazi Einsatzgruppen, or ‘‘Nazi Killing Squads’’, and the likelihood of extermination, hun-dreds of thousands of Jewish Nazi victims fled for their lives; Whereas whatever type of persecution suf-fered by Jews during the Holocaust, the com-mon thread that binds Holocaust victims is that they were targeted for extermination and they lived with a constant fear for their lives and the lives of their loved ones; Whereas Holocaust victims immigrated to the United States from Europe, the Middle East, North Africa, and the former Soviet Union between 1933 and the date of adoption of this resolution; Whereas it is estimated that there are at least 100,000 Holocaust victims living in the United States and approximately 500,000 Hol-ocaust victims living around the world, in-cluding child survivors of the Holocaust; Whereas tens of thousands of Holocaust victims are at least 80 years old, and the number of surviving Holocaust victims is di-minishing; Whereas at least 50 percent of Holocaust victims alive today will pass away within the next decade, and those living victims are becoming frailer and have increasing health and welfare needs; Whereas Holocaust victims throughout the world continue to suffer from permanent physical and psychological injuries and dis-abilities and live with the emotional scars of a systematic genocide against the Jewish people; Whereas many of the emotional and psy-chological scars of Holocaust victims are ex-acerbated in the old age of the Holocaust vic-tims; Whereas the past haunts and overwhelms many aspects of the lives of Holocaust vic-tims when their health fails them; Whereas Holocaust victims suffer par-ticular trauma when their emotional and physical circumstances force them to leave the security of their homes and enter insti-tutional or other group living residential fa-cilities; Whereas tens of thousands of Holocaust victims live in poverty and cannot afford, and do not receive, sufficient medical care, home care, mental health care, medicine, food, transportation, and other vital life-sus-taining services that allow individuals to live their final years with comfort and dig-nity; Whereas Holocaust victims often lack fam-ily support networks and require social worker-supported case management in order to manage their daily lives and access gov-ernment-funded services; Whereas in response to a letter sent by Members of Congress to the Minister of Fi-nance of Germany in December 2015 relating to increased funding for Holocaust victims, German officials acknowledged that ‘‘recent experience has shown that the care financed by the German Government to date is insuf-ficient’’ and that ‘‘it is imperative to expand these assistance measures quickly given the advanced age of many of the affected per-sons’’; Whereas German Chancellor Konrad Ade-nauer acknowledged, in 1951, the responsi-bility of Germany to provide moral and fi-nancial compensation to Holocaust victims worldwide; Whereas every successive German Chan-cellor has reaffirmed that acknowledgment, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, who, in 2007, reaffirmed that ‘‘only by fully accept-ing its enduring responsibility for this most appalling period and for the cruelest crimes in its history, can Germany shape the fu-ture’’; Whereas, in 2015, the spokesperson of Chan-cellor Angela Merkel confirmed that ‘‘all Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to the break with civilization that was the Holocaust . . . we know the responsibility for this crime against humanity is German and very much our own’’; and Whereas Congress believes it is the moral and historical responsibility of Germany to comprehensively, permanently, and urgently provide resources for the medical, mental health, and long-term care needs of all Holo-caust victims: Now, therefore, be it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY6.030 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5010 July 12, 2016 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) acknowledges the financial and moral commitment of the Federal Republic of Ger-many over the past seven decades to provide a measure of justice for Holocaust victims; and (2) supports the goal of ensuring that all Holocaust victims in the United States and around the world are able to live with dig-nity, comfort, and security in their remain-ing years. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 12, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 12, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘How Will the FCC’s Proposed Privacy Regulation Affect Consumers and Competition.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 12, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a Subcommittee hearing entitled ‘‘Intermodal and Inter-dependent: the Fast Act, the Economy, and Our Nation’s Transportation Sys-tem.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 12, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD– 215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Ex-amining the Stark Law: Current Issues and Opportunities.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 12, 2016, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Review of the 2016 Trafficking in Persons Re-port.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on July 12, 2016, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘FOIA at Fifty: Has the Sunshine Law’s Promise Been Fulfilled?’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 12, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Hart Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON ENERGY  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources’ Subcommittee on Energy be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 12, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON STATE DEPARTMENT , AND 
USAID MANAGEMENT , INTERNATIONAL OPER -
ATIONS , AND BILATERAL INTERNATIONAL DE -
VELOPMENT  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on State Department, and USAID Management, International Op-erations, and Bilateral International Development be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 12, 2016, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Public-Private Part-nerships in Foreign Aid: Leveraging U.S. Assistance for Greater Impact and Sustainability.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my health pol-icy fellow, Rachel Cumberbatch, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of this Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Genevieve Gorman, a legislative aid in my office, be granted the privileges of the floor for the remainder of the 114th Con-gress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nomination: Cal-endar No. 652 only, with no other exec-utive business in order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Carole Schwartz Rendon, of Ohio, to be United States Attorney for the Northern Dis-trict of Ohio for the term of four years. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the nomina-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Rendon nomination? The nomination was confirmed. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
UNITED STATES SEMIQUIN-CENTENNIAL COMMISSION ACT OF 2016 Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 4875, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4875) to establish the United States Semiquincentennial Commission, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4875) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
UNITED STATES APPRECIATION FOR OLYMPIANS AND PARALYMPIANS ACT Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be discharged from further consideration of S. 2650 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JY6.030 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5011 July 12, 2016 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2650) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come any prizes or awards won in competi-tion in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, and that the papers be held at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2650) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2650 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act’’. 
SEC. 2. OLYMPIC AND PARALYMPIC MEDALS AND USOC PRIZE MONEY EXCLUDED FROM GROSS INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 74 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION FOR OLYMPIC AND  P
ARALYMPIC MEDALS AND PRIZES .—Gross in- come shall not include the value of any medal awarded in, or any prize money re-ceived from the United States Olympic Com-mittee on account of, competition in the Olympic Games or Paralympic Games.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to prizes and awards received after December 31, 2015. f 
NATIONAL LOBSTER DAY Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 513 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 513) designating Sep-tember 25, 2016 as ‘‘National Lobster Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I fur-ther ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 513) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of June 28, 2016, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) COMMENDING THE TENNESSEE VALLEY AUTHORITY ON THE 80TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE UNI-FIED DEVELOPMENT OF THE TENNESSEE RIVER SYSTEM Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 528, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 528) commending the Tennessee Valley Authority on the 80th an-niversary of the unified development of the Tennessee River system. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 528) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 2016 Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m. on Wednesday, July 13; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the conference report to accompany S. 524, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order, following the remarks of Senators M
ARKEY and W HITEHOUSE . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Massachusetts. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, it is summer. It is supposed to be hot, but if last month felt hotter than past sum-mers, you are right. Last week the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Agen-cy, or NOAA, said the United States experienced its warmest June on record ever. Already this year there have been eight weather-related and climate-re-lated disasters that each caused at least $1 billion in damage. Globally, it was found that 2015 was the hottest year on record, and so far this year is on track to beat last year. We can’t even hold the record for a year—2016 has been as hot as Pokemon GO—and anyone watching the Senate floor to-night who is younger than 31 has never experienced in their life a month where the temperature was below the 20th century average. That last happened in February of 1985. Ronald Reagan was starting his second term as President, and ‘‘Beverly Hills Cop’’ was the No. 1 film at the box office. If you went to the movies that month, you probably saw a trailer for what would be that summer’s block-buster, ‘‘Back to the Future.’’ Well, that future is here. Tempera-tures are increasing, sea levels are ris-ing, rainfall is more extreme, and the oceans are more acidic. Why is that? It is mostly because of carbon dioxide pollution that is released from the ex-traction and burning of fossil fuel. Vir-tually all climate scientists agree that the climate is changing and that human interference with the climate is now the driving force of that change. Thanks to excellent investigative re-porting at Inside Climate News and other news outlets, we now know that as far back as the 1970s, Exxon and the other oil companies were following the latest developments in climate science and Exxon was undertaking its own re-search on the impact of carbon pollu-tion on the climate. The top leadership of Exxon was warned in July of 1977 by its senior sci-entist James Black: ‘‘In the first place there is general scientific agreement that the most likely manner in which mankind is influencing the global cli-mate is through carbon dioxide release from the burning of fossil fuels.’’ That is from 1977 to Exxon from its own scientists. A year later in 1978, that same scientist once again told senior management: ‘‘Present thinking holds that man has a time window of 5 to 10 years before the need for hard de-cisions regarding changes in energy strategies that might become critical.’’ Ten years later in 1988, a memo laid out Exxon’s position, which included these three points: No. 1, emphasize the uncertainty in scientific conclusions regarding the potential enhanced greenhouse gas effect; No. 2, urge a bal-anced scientific approach; and No. 3, resist the overstatement and sensationalization of potential green-house effects which could lead to eco-nomic development of nonfossil fuel re-sources. Exxon knew full well back then the impact of carbon dioxide on the cli-mate and what that could mean to their businesses. Exxon, the Koch brothers, Peabody Energy, and other individuals and businesses whose prof-its might suffer under rules to reduce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.077 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5012 July 12, 2016 
carbon pollution have had a vested in-terest in stopping climate action for decades. That is why Congress still hasn’t sent comprehensive climate legislation to the President. More than 50 years ago, in a special message to Congress on pollution, President Lyndon Johnson noted that ‘‘the increase in carbon di-oxide from the burning of fossil fuels has altered the composition of the global atmosphere.’’ Since then, the scientific evidence and observation of climate changes already underway have continued to mount. But even as the science has become overwhelming, climate policies have gotten trapped in a web of denial. Dur-ing the last 2 days, we have heard many of my colleagues talk about the many strands of this web of denial. Like a real spiderweb, it is hard to see this web unless the light catches it in just the right way. So this evening I am going to shine a light on a few threads of this web. At the heart of this web is denial. That is where you find the George C. Marshall Institute, whose attacks on the science of the so-called nuclear winter consequence of nuclear war and its opposition to the nuclear freeze movement expanded over the years to include anti-climate change efforts. The institute was named after the U.S. Army Chief of Staff during World War II who then became Secretary of State. He helped to rebuild Europe and won the Nobel Peace Prize for what is now called the Marshall Plan. Given Mar-shall’s view of the need to address hun-ger, poverty, desperation, and chaos, it seems likely that if he were alive today, he would agree that national se-curity experts see that climate change is a security threat to the United States. Marshall himself would likely support efforts like the Green Climate Fund to ensure that the poorest coun-tries in the world have the resources necessary to overcome the challenges climate change pose to their economic development. He would likely support American leadership of global climate efforts to ensure that all countries are taking action to address climate change. But the institute that carries the George Marshall name has countered international climate science and ac-tion every step of the way. When the Marshall Institute first expanded into environmental policy in the 1980s, the environment and climate change had bipartisan support. In the 1988 election, George Herbert Walker Bush pledged to meet the ‘‘greenhouse effect with the White House effect.’’ Increasingly, world scientists were raising concerns about carbon pollution. In 1990, the first assessment report of the Intergov-ernmental Panel on Climate Change, or IPCC, detailed what the fossil fuel companies already knew—that carbon pollution released from burning fossil fuels was causing the Earth to warm. The very business model of the fossil fuel industry was altering the planet. So while the scientific community was sounding the alarm, it has now been re-vealed that Big Oil and fossil fuel com-panies conspired to mute that alarm, and the Marshall Institute soon be-came a critical part of their climate denial web. Mind you, we are not talking about the original George C. Marshall. He would have had no part of this. This is just the absconding of his name and having it placed above an institute— the Marshall Institute—which is now disseminating this bad science. That is what has happened. In 1989, this Marshall Institute pub-lished a report on climate change cast-ing doubt on the impact of carbon pol-lution and spinning a core component of the web of denial. As Washington in-siders, the institute’s report was read by the White House, shared by media outlets, and became a so-called side of a new public debate on climate change. The Marshall Institute turned debating climate change into a game, and the science became a political football. It was exactly what they wanted. By di-viding climate science into sides, pit-ting each one against the other, they had found a foothold for doubt and a reason to delay climate action. Still, the first Bush administration signed and the Senate ratified the his-toric United Nations Framework Con-vention on Climate Change in 1992. The goal of the treaty was to reduce atmos-pheric greenhouse gas emissions and prevent ‘‘dangerous anthropogenic in-terference with Earth’s climate sys-tem.’’ But it took another 23 years, until 2015, for the countries of the world to agree on a global solution in Paris last December. That 1989 Marshall Institute report, funded by the fossil fuel industry, was an especially sticky strand of this web of denial. Since then, the tactic of cast-ing doubt on climate science has been used time and again by the Marshall Institute and other organizations to delay policies that could hurt the prof-its of oil, coal, and petro-polluters like the Kochs. This is what Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE has led all of us in trying to bring out here to the Senate floor— that there is a web, and the web goes back to money, and that money is the profits that are made by the coal, the gas, and the oil industries. Those mil-lions of dollars that the Marshall Insti-tute has received from Exxon and the Koch-connected foundation over the years have allowed the web of denial to grow. The Marshall Institute misinforma-tion campaign doesn’t just come in the form of reports. Their chairman, Wil-liam Happer, has testified in front of Congress multiple times espousing cli-mate denialism and perpetuating the self-serving interests of the fossil fuel industry and the Kochs. He may be an accomplished physicist, but Dr. Happer’s views on climate science have been routinely debunked. When I was chairman on the Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming, in the House of Representatives, I heard Dr. Happer use the theatrics of a CO2meter as proof that climate change doesn’t exist. He advocated for the government to support an ‘‘alternative hypothesis’’ and to support his alternative hypoth-esis, which was nothing more than the denial of climate change. Just last year, while the climate talks in Paris were underway, Dr. Happer testified be-fore the Senate Commerce Committee, continuing to spread doubt. But this past May, William Happer was a signa-tory on a misleading, full-page ad in the New York Times. The ad, placed by another thread in the web of deceit, the Competitive Enterprise Institute, at-tacked the reasonable efforts of New York attorney general Eric Schneiderman and a coalition of other attorneys general united for clean power who are investigating more than 100 businesses, nonprofits, and private individuals to see if they misled the public about climate change. But the Marshall Institute’s efforts alone were not enough. So they helped form the cynically named Global Cli-mate Coalition in 1989, shortly after the formation of the IPCC at the U.N. to fight climate change. The Marshall Institute CEO, William O’Keefe, a former lobbyist for Exxon, chaired the coalition that included members of manufacturing, auto-motive, oil and gas, mining and chem-ical industries, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. They invested in denial and delay to allow business as usual to continue. But climate science and international climate efforts continued to advance after the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change came into force. Of course, the fossil fuel coalition’s concern continued to increase. As the IPCC worked on its second report in the early 1990s, it decided to include a chapter entitled Detection of Climate Change and Attribution of Causes. It became clear that the world’s climate scientists were examining the consider-able collection of climate observations and research to see what they could say about human influence on the cli-mate. So the Global Climate Coalition sprang into action to influence what the IPCC might say about the human influence on climate. At a November 1995 session to final-ize the text of the IPCC report, along-side Saudi Arabian and Kuwaiti rep-resentatives, the Global Climate Coali-tion weighed in heavily against the chapter focused on the detection and causes of climate change. After a flurry of negotiations and additional objec-tions, the IPCC agreed that the amassed climate observations ‘‘now point toward a discernable human in-fluence on global climate.’’ The world’s climate scientists, the government representatives had now acknowledged that humans were alter-ing the climate. So the calls for cli-mate action got louder, and the effort 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.079 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5013 July 12, 2016 
to extend the 1992 United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and draft what would become the Kyoto Protocol in 1997 increased. But in an effort to silence the calls to action, the investment in the web of denial grew. The Global Climate Coalition spent more than $13 million opposing the Kyoto Protocol. Between 1994 and 1997, they spent $1 million every year downplaying the threat of climate change. Ultimately, this broad coalition col-lapsed as their business interests and the impact of climate change on their profits changed. The Global Climate Coalition closed its doors in 2002, but the web of denial was already stretch-ing to find new places to grow. Those threads have since expanded with the careful cultivation and collusion by the fossil fuel industry and the petrol pol-luters. We know that the Koch brothers, Exxon, and other major donors have in-vested millions of dollars into organi-zations that actively work to discredit climate change and oppose climate leg-islation. Those organizations pressure elected officials to take increasingly extreme stances with specific reference and focus on the members of the Re-publican Party. During President George W. Bush’s first campaign in 2000, he promised to fight climate change by limiting green-house gas emissions. But in 2001, he pulled the United States out of the Kyoto Protocol. In 2005, his Vice Presi-dent, Dick Cheney, helped pass an en-ergy bill that included massive sub-sidies and tax breaks for the fossil fuel industry. As recently as 2008, the Republican Presidential nominee, Senator J
OHN M
CCAIN, recognized the science of cli-mate change and supported action. This was an era that has now passed. The web of denial has firmly trapped this issue in the Republican Party in such a way that no action is possible at all. But even in the face of the millions of dollars pumped into the denial ma-chine, the House of Representatives was able to overcome it in 2009. The Waxman-Markey bill passed the House just over 7 years ago. It was the only comprehensive climate change legislation ever to pass a Chamber of Congress. It has been reported that the oil and gas industry, including the Koch brothers and ExxonMobil, spent $175 million and hired more than 800 lobbyists in 2009 to kill the Waxman- Markey bill. Let me give those num-bers again: $175 million and 800 lobby-ists to kill a bill that would have put a clamp on the increase in greenhouse gas emissions in the United States. They saw any action on climate, es-pecially legislation, as a threat to their bottom line. But Members of the House knew better. They saw that Waxman- Markey was good for our environment, good for our economy, good for Amer-ica. A Congressional budget analysis found that Waxman-Markey would have reduced the Federal deficit and cost the average American household less than 50 cents per day. An analysis of the American Council for an Energy Efficient Economy found that Ameri-cans would save about as much as CBO’s cost estimates from energy effi-ciency policies in the bill that CBO did not take into account. With an outstretched arm to lift them into the clean energy future, the bill included more than $200 million for the coal industry, $200 billion to cap-ture carbon and to sequester it. Seven years ago, we gave the fossil fuel indus-try a choice: legislation or regulation. But Exxon opposed the bill. The Koch brothers opposed the bill. Peabody coal opposed the bill, except for the parts that helped the coal industry. Rather than change their current business model, centered on pumping more CO2 into the atmosphere, they fought at-tempts to change the law. Now, 7 years later, Peabody coal has filed for bank-ruptcy. We are continuing to untangle the Koch brothers’ web of denial. The Koch brothers have lied to the American people for decades about cli-mate change. They have also lied to their own employees. When Waxman- Markey was being debated, the Koch Industries newsletter published an arti-cle attacking the climate change legis-lation and encouraging employees to check out specific Web sites for more information. The listed Web sites were funded by the Koch brothers. They sent their employees to other parts of the web of denial. When a Republican tries to stand up and publicly support cli-mate action, the Koch brothers’ ‘‘spidy sense’’ goes off and their web of denial springs into action. They mobilize, they target, they attack every Repub-lican who stands against their business plan. Koch money floods primary cam-paigns to ensure that their self-serving lies trump in every election. The oil and coal industry will not stop their efforts because now the pre-sumptive nominee of the Republican Party is a climate denier. But their ob-struction and climate denial tactics are as bogus as a degree from Trump University. Trump says he wants an ‘‘all of the above’’ energy agenda, but we know he is really running on an ‘‘oil above all’’ platform. But the Koch brothers are now bigger than the Re-publican Party. The Kochs have built upon the tac-tics practiced by the tobacco industry generations ago in its campaign to dis-credit the science linking smoking with increased risks of lung cancer. The Kochs’ goal is to discredit the science itself. How successful are they? Donald Trump has said that if he is President, he is going to abolish the Environmental Protection Agency of the United States—abolish it. I guess he assumes that Americans think that the air is too clean, the water is too clean, the soil is too clean, the rivers are too clean in the United States, and that we can afford to abolish the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency of our country. This is the world that the Koch brothers have forgotten. Their mission has always been to create doubt across America on climate science. They fund attempts to counter the fact that cli-mate change is a threat to our national security and to our public health. Their funding attempts to counter the fact that action to combat climate change is feasible and necessary and will create American jobs. They fund the web of denial to serve their own in-terests to make billions in profits at the expense of America’s health, Amer-ica’s safety. But for someone who is focused on protecting the poor and the vulnerable of this world—that person understands the threat presented by climate change. I have in my hand Pope Francis’s encyclical on climate change, ‘‘Laudato si’,’’ subtitled ‘‘On the Care for our Common Home.’’ The Pope is a chemistry teacher. That is what he did before he became Pope. When he came to Washington, DC, last year, he spoke to Congress and delivered his sermon on the Hill. He said that the planet is dangerously warming and that the science is settled. He said that human beings are a significant contributor to the dangerous warming of the planet. He said that since humans are contrib-uting to the problem, we have a moral obligation to do something about it. When the rest of the world looked up, they saw red, white, and blue CO
2. Since the United States has histori-cally been the largest contributor of carbon pollution, we must be the leader in working to reduce our own pollu-tion. As soon as the Pope spoke out urging action on climate change, the well- oiled climate denial machine shifted into high gear. The Acton Institute for the Study of Religion and Liberty is another strand of the web of denial. Be-tween 1990 and 2014, the Acton Institute received millions from Donors Trust or Donors Capital Fund, the Koch-funded dark money ATM, as well as money from the Koch families and from Exxon. Reverend Sirico, the founder and president of the Acton Institute, testi-fied in front of the Senate Environ-ment and Public Works Committee just last year. Reverend Sirico claims that the Catholic Church does not have expertise in science and should stick to matters of faith and morals. Well, here is the irony. A lack of expertise surely has not stopped Senate Republicans from blocking any and all climate change legislation. Informed by the scientific evidence, the Pope made a clear moral case to act on climate and to act now. The Pope’s comments came from the heart and from his belief in our ability to act collectively. It is just common sense that when you learn something is dan-gerous for you, for your health and for our Earth—and especially, as the Pope said to us, its impact on the poorest people on our planet, those who will be most severely harmed by climate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.080 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5014 July 12, 2016 
change—we have a moral obligation to stop that harm. There is no doubt that fossil fuels forever changed our society, but point-ing to the benefits from them does not take away the harm they cause or the urgency to transition to clean energy now. Many of those who oppose action on climate invoke the importance of preserving the free market. As an example, consider the Lex-ington Institute, an organization fund-ed by ExxonMobil and those pushing so-called free market solutions. The Lexington Institute—and may I add, the Lexington Institute is in Virginia; it is not in Lexington, MA, where the shot heard round the world was fired. No, this is just, again, absconding with a name and placing it upon an institu-tion to try to give it the veneer of credibility. Of course, beneath the ve-neer is just more veneer. There is noth-ing. There is no science. There is noth-ing that backs up the arguments which they are making. So the Lexington Institute claims that renewables need to be able to com-pete with fossil fuels without Federal subsidies, but the real truth is, the fos-sil fuel industry has never succeeded in the free market alone. Its success is built on more than a century’s worth of tax breaks and subsidies. The Lexington Institute sheds these crocodile tears about how much they care about the free market, but for 100 years they missed the fact that the oil, the coal, the gas, and the nuclear in-dustries were all subsidized by the Fed-eral Government. It is only when wind and solar show up that all of a sudden they become greatly concerned about the fact the free market is being dis-torted. Well, by giving tax breaks to wind and solar, of course, we are just making it a level playing field so they get the same kind of breaks all of these other industries have received for 100 or more years. The subsidies for the fossil fuel in-dustry top more than $7.5 billion annu-ally. You got that? It is $7.5 billion per year. These tax breaks go back 100 years. Multiply that by 100, and then the crocodile tears start getting shed over something we do for wind or solar or fuel cells, biomass, geothermal? There is no need for fossil fuel CEOs to come to Congress to justify the sup-port for long-established subsidies, which they have always been getting. They do not even come up to defend it. They get it automatically—the exten-sion of their tax breaks. The oil and gas industry have the Federal sub-sidies, coal has Federal subsidies, nu-clear has Federal subsidies. What has happened every year, when we try to extend subsidies for renewable energy— for wind and solar—for even just 1 year, it is the end of the world as we know it in the capitalist system. Just last year, the Koch brothers wrote a letter to every single Member of Congress urging them to oppose the tax breaks for wind and solar, and of course they cited ‘‘the free market.’’ Because even though billions of dollars in Federal subsidies have benefited their companies for years and years, they have never come up here to say: Oh, take them away. It makes my com-pany feel unclean. Oh no, they took those billions every single year. It is only when wind and solar step up and say: Well, how about us? We are clean. We don’t pollute. We are what the younger generation wants to see us in-vesting in as the technologies of the 21st century. Then they get morally of-fended. Then their free market prin-ciples start to get offended. So the Lexington Institute, citing the free market, has fought the exten-sion of renewable tax credits for wind and solar, but unlike the battle of Lex-ington that started the American Rev-olution, this Lexington is trying to stop a renewables revolution. Eco-nomic growth and climate action go to-gether. We can have a country with clean air and water and clean energy and a strong economy. History con-tinues to prove that the benefits of en-vironmental regulation are enormous and beyond just financial. Recently, we have seen global eco-nomic growth hand in hand with no in-crease in energy-related carbon pollu-tion. We are seeing GDP go up but not carbon pollution. And in Massachu-setts, since the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative started in 2009—the real Lexington revolution, the one in Mas-sachusetts—we have seen powerplant greenhouse gas emissions go down 34 percent while Massachusetts’ gross do-mestic product increased 25 percent. So we are left with a really simple question: Why do fossil fuel companies continue to get Federal subsidies, but we do not extend them to clean energy? The answer is this: Koch, Exxon, the Marshall Institute, the Global Climate Coalition, the Acton Institute, the Lex-ington Institute, and their partners in the web of denial. Millions of dollars are spent to deceive and to mislead all in the name of self-interest and profit. The Global Climate Coalition col-lapsed more than a decade ago. The Marshall Institute broke up last year, and its climate denial arm morphed into the CO
2Coalition. Exxon is now publicizing their support for a carbon tax that they began espousing in 2009. The American Petroleum Institute is reportedly rethinking its messaging on climate. The threads of the web of de-nial are breaking and weakening, and the more light we shine on it—espe-cially light fueled by the power of the Sun—the sooner it will fall apart. We are in the midst of a clean energy revolution. The United States has a massive reserve of untapped renewable energy. Our reserves are so massive that just a small fraction could power our entire country. The question is no longer if we can power our country with renewable energy, it is when and it is how. We will make the transition to 100 percent renewable energy before the year 2050 if we keep the right poli-cies on the books, and I believe we are going to meet that goal. In the last 10 years, we have seen a dramatic expansion of renewable en-ergy in our country. Just as the Pil-grims harnessed the wind to sail across the ocean to Plymouth Rock, we too can power our economy. Our current capacity is 74,000 megawatts of wind, and we have 14,000 more megawatts of wind waiting now to be deployed in our country. U.S. solar capacity is now more than 27,000 megawatts. Over 25 percent of this capacity was added in 2015 alone. We are projected to double that capacity by the end of this year. Megawatts are hard to understand. Simply put, by the end of this year, we should have enough wind and solar en-ergy to power over 25 million homes. That is one-fifth of all American homes. We must continue to untangle our-selves from the Koch brothers’ web of denial sewn by lies and doubt. The science is overwhelming. Climate change is real. Carbon pollution is ac-celerating the warming, and right now American cities and towns are pre-paring for an uncertain future in a world with a changing climate and ris-ing seas. While the Senate has yet to knock out all of these old cobwebs of climate denial that are holding back action, we know, if we focus on the fu-ture, we cannot continue to have these decisions of today be borne by genera-tions yet to come. We must focus on resiliency and clean energy and what we are going to do to leave the world better off for fu-ture generations. No matter what lies and information the climate deniers try to peddle, the facts are with us, the moral authority is with us, the eco-nomic opportunities are with us. We have a chance to create a clean energy revolution that increases jobs as it cuts pollution. This is job cre-ation that is good for all of creation. We must take the climate deniers and their fossil fuel funders to task for their obstinate, obdurate, oblivious op-position to the clean energy to battle climate change. Here is where we are. By the end of 2016, there will be 400,000 people em-ployed in the United States in the wind and solar industries and 65,000—65,000— coal miners. By the year 2020, at the current pace, there will be 600,000 peo-ple employed in the wind and solar in-dustry. Half of all new electricity on the planet last year came from renewable electricity. This is a revolution, and it is a revolution we cannot allow to be derailed because we will be employing people, giving them the jobs they want, which will make it possible for us to save this planet. I thank the Senator from Rhode Is-land for organizing all of the Members over the last 2 days to come out on the floor to make this case about this web of denial, which is at the core of what has been blocking this Senate from taking the actions necessary to deploy the technologies, to create the jobs which can save the planet by deploying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.081 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5015 July 12, 2016 
these technologies all across the plan-et. I thank the Senator from Rhode Is-land once again for his incredibly great and historic leadership, and I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The Senator from Rhode Is-land. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, it is an honor for me to follow Senator M
ARKEY , who has battled so long and so effectively in this struggle against such odds, and I think we both feel the tide has turned, things are going our way, but we have to hurry because na-ture is unforgiving. As the Pope said: God forgives, mankind forgives some-times, but nature never forgives. You slap her and she will slap you back. And we have given nature one hell of a slap with climate change. When I was here yesterday, I was pointing to the web of denial and point-ing out that the web of denial has to mislead to be effective. That is what it is—a tool to mislead. I pointed out what a Koch brothers operative de-scribed as its goal when this whole web was being developed. This was the quote: ‘‘It would be necessary [to] use ambiguous and misleading names, ob-scure the true agenda, and conceal the means of control.’’ Well, if you are looking for ambig-uous and misleading names that can obscure the true agenda and conceal the means of control, one tactic would be to exploit our Founding Fathers—to seize their names and use them to lend authority and gravitas to the decep-tion, in the same way that using the names of Lord Acton, the famous histo-rian, or George C. Marshall, the hero of World War II, accomplished that task. In this case, the names are Franklin, Madison, and Jefferson, and they are joined by the philosopher John Locke. Let’s start with the so-called Frank-lin Center for Government and Public Integrity, which has a nice little sil-houette of Ben Franklin on its logo. It was established in 2009. It says it ‘‘sup-ports and trains investigative journal-ists to advance transparency, account-ability, and fiscal responsibility in local government, and to spotlight free-market, pro-liberty solutions to difficult policy challenges.’’ According to ‘‘DeSmogBlog,’’ the Franklin Center was launched and funded by a conservative think tank that encouraged grassroots activism, which is the now defunct Sam Adams Alliance. Oh no, another bogus organization exploiting the name of yet another Founding Father. There is a little pat-tern here. Jeff Nesbitt, whom I spoke about yes-terday, wrote this about the Franklin Center in his book ‘‘Poison Tea: How Big Oil and Big Tobacco Invented the Tea Party and Captured the GOP.’’ 
At the start of 2008, the Franklin Center for Government and Public Integrity had a budget of zero dollars. Its legal home was a taffy shop in Medora, North Dakota. By 2009, the Franklin Center’s budget had jumped to $2.4 million, according to IRS tax records. That is a spectacular leap for a nonprofit, es-pecially in Medora, North Dakota. It was al-most as if someone wished to utilize the charter concept of the Franklin Center, de-veloping individual but interlinked news centers across the United States that would all promote the same messages—for other purposes and therefore infused it with a mountain of funding and network support. Let’s dig into the Franklin Center’s connections to groups and funders in this web of denial. According to ‘‘DeSmogBlog,’’ the Franklin Center’s director of donor de-velopment comes out of the Charles G. Koch Foundation—wow. Its senior vice president in charge of strategic initia-tives comes out of the Koch brothers’ Americans for Prosperity. The found-ing board member who set it up helped run, oh, Americans for Prosperity in North Dakota. According to Media Matters for America, the Franklin Cen-ter’s coalitions coordinator and its chief of staff also came out of, oh, Americans for Prosperity. Not surpris-ingly, the Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence in Journalism ranked the Franklin Center Watch-dog.org group as ‘‘highly ideological.’’ It is clear they have a bias at the Franklin Center to sow doubt regard-ing human-caused climate change. It is no surprise, considering where their staff and money comes from. Here is the stuff they say. In 2015, a vice president for research and resident scholar at the John Locke Founda-tion—more on them shortly—wrote in the Franklin Center-affiliated Carolina Journal that ‘‘global warming is not about data points’’ so much as it has been ‘‘a trick pulled by global warming alarmists over the last decade.’’ There is a responsible view. In 2014, a staff reporter for the Franklin Center’s Watchdog.org, wrote: ‘‘I continue to contend that ‘cli-mate change’ is a meaningless phrase because the climate obviously changes . . . [but] is useful for political activ-ism. . . . ’’ In 2011, its outlet, the Hawaii Re-porter, wrote: ‘‘Hard-nosed physical evidence of man-made global warming has yet to be provided by the pro-moters of warming, even after a nomi-nal $80 billion have been spent in the attempt to do so.’’ The Nieman Foundation for Jour-nalism at Harvard has looked at the Franklin Center and describes it as ‘‘at the forefront of an effort to blur the distinction between statehouse report-ing and political advocacy.’’ A former Reuters chief White House cor-respondent describes the Franklin Cen-ter’s state Watchdog.org as ‘‘delivering political propaganda dressed up as journalism.’’ Let’s follow the money. The Franklin Center’s top donor in 2011, as reported by the nonprofit Media Matters for America and the Center for Public In-tegrity, was, guess what, the rightwing’s ‘‘dark money ATM,’’ DonorsTrust. It was set up by whom? Oh, right, the Koch brothers. Over $6 million, or roughly 95 percent of the Franklin Center’s revenue that year came through this organization, whose sole purpose is to hide the identity of the real donors. That is why it exists. According to data collected by the Con-servative Transparency Project, be-tween 2009 and 2014, the Franklin Cen-ter received over $31 million from DonorsTrust and its related Donors Capital Fund. We don’t know who the hidden donors are because that is why they set up the DonorsTrust thing, but a clue of who they might be comes from the reported donors—like the rightwing Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation, founded, according to the Center for Media and Democracy’s SourceWatch, by ‘‘one of the original charter members of the far rightwing John Birch Society.’’ Another John Birch Society board member was Fred Koch, the father of Charles and David Koch. Dr. Brulle’s research indicates that the Bradley Foundation between 2003 and 2010 gave almost $30 million to these organizations that he tracks in this web of denial—$30 million. Then there is the Dunn’s Foundation for the Advancement of Right Think-ing, a Florida-based grant-making foundation that Dr. Brulle’s research again shows between 2003 and 2010 gave $13.7 million into this web of denial or-ganizations. Then there is the Searle Freedom Trust, which, according to the Center for Media and Democracy’s SourceWatch, has also funded Ameri-cans for Prosperity—guess what; the Koch group—the American Enterprise Institute, ALEC—the front group—the Heartland Institute—those classics who compared climate change believers to the Unabomber—and the State Pol-icy Network. Dr. Brulle’s research, again, indicates that Searle gave $21.7 million to this web of denial groups that he tracks. Another donor, of course, to the Franklin Institute is the Charles G. Koch Charitable Foundation. That one is self-explanatory. So if we look at what is going on at the Franklin Cen-ter, we will see Koch people, Koch money, and Koch buddies. Then there is the so-called James Madison Institute, a libertarian think tank with a long history of trying to undermine climate science and renew-able energy policy. Yale Professor Jus-tin Farrell lists the James Madison In-stitute among the organizations he tracks contributing to the polarization of climate change debate. The Heart-land Institute’s—yes, that wonderful Unabomber group—senior fellow for en-vironmental policy is on the James Madison Institute’s research advisory council. It is such a web of connec-tions. According to research by the Amer-ican Bridge Project, the Madison Insti-tute received over $1.4 million in direct donations from Koch-affiliated groups. Between 2003 and 2013, they received funding from the John Templeton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.083 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5016 July 12, 2016 
Foundation, which ‘‘tries to encourage the integration of religious beliefs and free-market principles into the class-room,’’ according to the Center for Media and Democracy’s SourceWatch. Mother Jones reported in 2011 that Charles Koch recognized the Templeton Foundation for having do-nated over $1 million to Koch-related causes, and Dr. Brulle’s research shows that Templeton gave more than $20 million to this web of denial organiza-tion he tracks. Dunn’s Foundation for the Advance-ment of Right Thinking turns up again—Franklin, now Madison. The same foundation that gave $13.7 million to these climate change countermove-ment organizations also gave to the Madison one. Of course, again, the Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation gave to the Franklin Center and gave to the Madi-son Center to the tune of almost $30 million into the climate denial web. The James Madison Institute is also a member of the State Policy Network. The State Policy Network, according to the Center for Media and Democ-racy’s SourceWatch, is an ‘‘$83 million right-wing empire’’ that has received money from a Koch family foundation, and, of course, the identity-scrubbing DonorsTrust and Donors Capital— which, by the way, are the big green di-amond here at the center of this web. According to the ‘‘DeSmogBlog’’ ex-amination of the Madison Institute, it opposed the Waxman-Markey cap-and- trade legislation, and in 2009 issued a plea to policymakers in Florida—the State that is going fastest under water because of sea level rise—to stop any action on climate change following the so-called Climategate scandal. After six thorough investigations looked at Climategate, true, there was no scan-dal at all, but it would appear that the Institute neither rescinded its plea nor set the record straight. This institute actively fights renew-able energy policies in Florida. An in-stitute report co-written by a senior fellow at the Heartland Institute— again, the connection, Madison Insti-tute to Heartland Institute and Heart-land Institute to the billboard that compared climate scientists to the Unabomber—opposed a proposed solar constitutional amendment. Well, they weren’t alone. According to news re-ports, Florida’s power companies were contributing big money to a political committee fighting that solar amend-ment, including over $1 million from Florida Power and Light, $1 million from Duke Energy, over $800,000 from Tampa Electric Company, and $640,000 from Gulf Power. Well, guess what. The president and CEO of Gulf Power was then on the board of, oh, the James Madison Institute. Then we move on to John Locke, who gives us a twofer. First, there is the Locke Institute. It is named for the philosopher John Locke, who, with Montesquieu, are the two major philo-sophical influences of the Founding Fa-thers. It is listed as one of Dr. Justin Farrell’s organizations contributing to the polarization of climate change de-bate and ‘‘overtly producing and pro-moting skepticism and doubt about sci-entific consensus on climate change.’’ The institute has been involved in de-fending the tobacco industry and has on its academic advisory council a po-litical scientist from the Global Warm-ing Policy Foundation, a high-profile UK climate denier group. There is also a John Locke Founda-tion, which describes itself as ‘‘an inde-pendent, non-profit think tank that would work for truth, for freedom, and for the future of North Carolina.’’ It is one of the blue dots here on Professor Brulle’s denial web diagram. Dr. Farrell, too, has the foundation on his list of climate change denier and countermovement organizations. Yes, it is a member of the Koch-funded State Policy Network, of course, and it is funded significantly by a North Carolina billionaire by the name of Art Pope, who, according to Indy Week, is ‘‘one of the most trusted members of the Koch’s elite circle: He has been a regular invitee to the Koch’s secretive, semiannual gathering of the major right-wing donors and activists,’’ and he is a ‘‘valuable junior partner in many key Koch operations.’’ The foundation center database shows that between 2003 and 2013, the John Locke Foundation received over $21 million from the John William Pope Foundation—which is named after Art Pope’s father—and over $60,000 from the Charles Koch Founda-tion. It gets so cozy between everyone here. According to a 2014 Washington Post profile of Art Pope, he has poured over $30 million through his family’s foundation into the Koch front group Americans for Prosperity—all of whose members, you remember, went over to the Franklin Institute. Professor Brulle has put the John William Pope Foundation at over $20 million of total foundation funding to this climate change denial web. Dr. Brulle cites the John Locke Foundation as having re-ceived 3 percent of the total income distributed within the climate change countermovement between 2003 and 2010. An article in Facing South calls the John Locke Foundation ‘‘one of the most outspoken voices of climate de-nial in North Carolina, claiming that global warming is a ‘pseudoscientific fraud.’’’ According to research done by Greenpeace, the foundation stated in a 2005 policy brief that ‘‘a greenhouse gas reduction policy would have only costs and no benefits.’’ In 2005, the founda-tion released a public policy statement entitled ‘‘Global Warming Policy: NC Should Do Nothing,’’ whose author wrote similar climate denial pieces in the Franklin Center-affiliated Carolina Journal. It is hard to keep track of all these crisscrossings. In 2007, the foundation released a pol-icy report entitled ‘‘A North Carolina Citizen’s Guide to Global Warming,’’ whose author, according to Facing South, was a visiting scholar at the, yes, Koch-backed American Enterprise Institute. This report falsely declared that consensus on climate change does not exist, and declared: ‘‘The greatest threat we face from climate change is the danger of rushing into foolish and costly policies driven by ill-founded climate change hysteria.’’ Art Pope figures in Jane Mayer’s book ‘‘Dark Money’’ as ‘‘a charter member of the Koch network’’ and a ‘‘longtime friend and ally, [who] shared Charles [Koch’s] passion for free-mar-ket philosophy.’’ Mayer writes that Pope was a regular at the Kochs’ secret planning summits and ‘‘served on the board of the Koch’s main public advo-cacy group’’—wait for it—‘‘Americans for Prosperity, as he had on its prede-cessor, Citizens for a Sound Economy.’’ Mayer adds: ‘‘Pope’s role in his home state of North Carolina was in many respects a state-sized version of the Kochs’ role nationally.’’ Other Locke Foundation funders identified by Conservative Trans-parency Project between 1995 and 2014 include the Searle Freedom Trust, which, according to Center for Media and Democracy’s SourceWatch, has also funded, yes, Americans for Pros-perity, and the American Enterprise Institute, and ALEC—which we have talked about and sponsors the State Policy Network—and, of course, we can’t go without the Heartland Insti-tute, with their wonderful Unabomber billboard. Dr. Brulle’s research indicates that the Searle Trust gave over $20 million to these groups between 2003 and 2010. Donors Capital Fund—this big spider at the center of the web here—is a donor to the John Locke Foundation, and, of course, the Charles G. Koch Charitable Foundation. The John Locke Founda-tion is a member of the State Policy Network, that ‘‘$83 million right-wing empire’’ funded by a Koch family foun-dation and the identity-launderers Do-nors Trust and Donors Capital. That brings us to the so-called Thom-as Jefferson Institute for Public Pol-icy. By the way, it is fair to say that yet again when we move from Franklin to Madison, these foundations end up showing Koch people, Koch money, and Koch buddies. The Thomas Jefferson Institute is a public policy foundation and, yes, another member of the State Policy Network, the $83 million right-wing empire. By the way, the Center for Media and Democracy’s in-depth investigation of the State Policy Network shows how the network and its member think tanks are all interconnected to ALEC and to the Koch brothers. But that is for another speech. According to ‘‘DeSmogBlog,’’ many of the Jefferson Institute studies are authored by an operative of the Herit-age Foundation, the group that Sen-ator F
RANKEN spoke about earlier this evening, and the Energy and Environ-ment Legal Institute—two groups that are both on this web. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:59 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.084 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5017 July 12, 2016 
The Thomas Jefferson Institute prominently displays a statue of Jeffer-son on its Web page and claims to be a nonpartisan supporter of ‘‘environ-mental stewardship,’’ but the institute is an outspoken critic of the Presi-dent’s Clean Power Plan and renewable sources of energy and actively sows doubt about climate science. The insti-tute is right here on Professor Brulle’s web of climate change countermove-ment organizations. According to data compiled by the Conservative Transparency project be-tween 1998 and 2014, the Jefferson Insti-tute received funding from the fol-lowing entities in the denial web: first, of course, is the identity-laundering Donors Trust and Donors Capital Fund. Then there is the Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation, which, as we re-call, also supported the Franklin Cen-ter and the Madison Institute and links to the Koch brothers through the far- rightwing John Birch Society. Remem-ber, they were at almost $30 million into climate denial organizations in those years between 2003 and 2010. And then there is the William E. Simon Foundation, whose current president is also a senior fellow at the rightwing Manhattan Institute, a member of the Grant Advisory Committee of the Searle Freedom Trust, and a past mem-ber of the Board of Overseers of the Hoover Institution. It is quite a web in-deed. The Jefferson Institute’s director was quoted in 2007 as saying: ‘‘When it comes to global warming, I’m a skeptic because the conclusions about the cause of the apparent warming stand on the shoulders of incredibly uncer-tain data and models.’’ Tell that to NOAA and NASA and every single one of our National Labs and see how far you get. Tell that to your home State university and see how far you get. In 2008, he wrote about climate change for the Jefferson Journal, a commentary forum of the Jefferson In-stitute, that ‘‘greenhouse gas reduction goals . . . are both unachievable and ir-relevant’’ and assured ‘‘there will be no climate catastrophe due to CO
2because either the science is wrong or we will use geoengineering.’’ In 2011, he wrote two pieces for the Jefferson Journal opposing wind power, contending that—you are not going to believe this, but here is the quote— ‘‘wind is not affordable and it is not clean’’ and that wind power ‘‘has no sensible place in a 21st century civili-zation.’’ Tell that to our friend Senator G
RASSLEY , whose State gets a third of its power from wind energy. Franklin, Jefferson, Madison, Locke—these are great names put on the front of very shady Koch-funded front groups in the web of denial, and the organizations share several com-mon features: First, they all propagate what by any reasonable standard is preposterous nonsense and masquerade it as science and independent opinion. Second, they all get massive funding from fossil fuel interests and always line up obediently with those interests. Third, they interlock. The interlocking is almost too complicated to track—in staff, in board members, in funding sources—but it all traces back to fossil fuel money. And, of course, they all mask themselves behind the names of great men from history who would re-coil to discover their names and rep-utations being put to such discredit-able use. Who needs to hide behind names like that? I submit it is people who are up to no good and don’t want to be caught out for who they really are. Let me conclude by thanking the many Senators who have participated in this effort to put a little bit of a spotlight on a very phony web of denial that is operating actively in our de-mocracy to distort and disturb its proper operation and to sabotage America’s ability to respond in a re-sponsible way to the climate crisis. They include our leader HARRY REID, B
ENCARDIN , CHRIS COONS , TIMKAINE, E
LIZABETH WARREN , CHUCK SCHUMER , T
OMUDALL , JEFF MERKLEY , BARBARA  B
OXER , DICKDURBIN , BRIAN SCHATZ , AL F
RANKEN , MARTIN HEINRICH , my senior Senator J
ACKREED, JEANNE SHAHEEN , G
ARY PETERS , DICKBLUMENTHAL , and E
DMARKEY . I am honored to partici-pate in this effort with them. With that, I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 8:27 p.m., adjourned until Wednesday, July 13, 2016, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate July 12, 2016: 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
CAROLE SCHWARTZ RENDON, OF OHIO, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF OHIO FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G12JY6.086 S12JYPT1emcdonald on DSK9F6TC42PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1087 July 12, 2016 
HONORING THE LIFE OF LUIS DANIEL CONDE 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Luis Daniel Conde of Haines City, Florida. Luis was a resident of my district whose life was cut short in the tragic shooting at Pulse nightclub on June 12, 2016, in Or-lando. Luis was a talented makeup artist and owned a beauty salon with his partner of 16 years, Juan Rivera Velazquez. Luis and Juan were partners in business and in life. They grew up in the same small town in Puerto Rico, and even attended the same school, Jose Campeche High School in San Lorenzo, Puerto Rico. At their salon, Juan created hairstyles, while Luis—never the shy one—touched up clients’ make-up and kept the techno music playing. Former clients and friends remember them as wonderful people who loved helping others and frequently provided their services free of charge to women who were victims of domes-tic violence. It was widely known that they loved people and lived to help others. Luis Daniel was 39 years old. He died alongside Juan the night of the shooting. Luis will never be forgotten in our pursuit of a more just and loving world. His memory and acts of kindness will live forever in the hearts and minds of those who knew him. May his family, friends and relatives eventu-ally find solace and comfort and may he rest in eternal peace. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE TAHOE EN-VIRONMENTAL RESEARCH CEN-TER ON ITS 10TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Tahoe Environmental Re-search Center, or TERC, at the University of California Davis on its 10th anniversary. For the past decade, TERC has been a global leader in research, education and public out-reach about the Lake Tahoe Basin and other similar systems across the world. Their work has never been more urgent: Lake Tahoe is one of the most famous des-tinations in the United States, and draws mil-lions of visitors from around the world for hik-ing, water sports, skiing, and so many other recreational activities. But increased develop-ment and a higher number of residents and tourists have damaged the environment of the Tahoe Basin and sharply reduced Lake Tahoe’s world-renowned clarity. In fact, the lake has lost a third of its transparency over the past 30 years. The University of California at Davis, whose campus is situated in my Congressional Dis-trict, is no stranger to studying Lake Tahoe: 58 years ago, UC Davis pioneered conducting scientific research at Lake Tahoe, and was the first institution to sound the alarm about the damage being done to the Tahoe Basin’s sen-sitive ecosystem. The work done by UC Davis and the Tahoe Environmental Research Cen-ter has been essential to keeping Tahoe blue. Congratulations to the TERC on its 10th an-niversary and all the work it has done to pre-serve the natural beauty and ecological diver-sity of the Tahoe Basin. f 
THE IMMORALITY OF INACTION: CONGRESS CANNOT REMAIN SI-LENT ON VOTING RIGHTS 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on Restoration Tuesday to highlight and recognize the positive strides made by elected officials in support of equal voting rights. Several states, including California, Con-necticut, Illinois, Oregon and Vermont have passed laws establishing automatic voter reg-istration. In these states across the country, when a citizen comes in contact with the DMV they are automatically registered to vote un-less they actively decline. In April of this year, Gov. Terry McAuliffe of Virginia ordered voting rights restored to 206,000 ex-convicts in Vir-ginia. This year, Virginia joined over 20 states that have helped diminish the stigma of dis-enfranchisement from citizens who have served their sentences and paid their debts to society. These leaders faced harsh public criticism and were targeted by the media. These were not popular efforts. Mr. Speaker, may I remind my fellow col-leagues that we are not here for a popularity contest. We are here to serve the people of America. We are here to support democracy, justice, fairness and equality for all. We cannot and must not continue to sit idly by and do nothing. Last year, I introduced a bill, the Vot-ing Rights Advancement Act of 2015 to an-swer the call the Supreme Court gave Con-gress in 2013 after the Shelby v. Holder ruling that called for for a modern day formula to de-termine federal enforcement. It has been three years since the Supreme Court ruling. It has been over a full year since I introduced the Voting Rights Advancement Act. Inaction on the cause of voting rights has now become ‘‘business as usual’’ and this cannot continue. We can no longer be afraid to lead and stand for what is right. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. said it best when he stated ‘‘history will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transi-tion was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people.’’ The silence of Congress on the fundamental right to vote is no less than appalling. Political equality is good for everyone. What are we afraid of? Why do we continue to do nothing? The flood of suppressive voting laws con-tinue to flow from every corner of our country and the tide is only getting higher. Our silence only silences the voices and vote of the Amer-ican people. We can and must do better. f 
FAA EXTENSION, SAFETY, AND SECURITY ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. RICK LARSEN 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 11, 2016 Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this extension to reauthorize the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). This measure is the product of dedicated bi-partisan work. For that, I thank Chairman S
HU-
STER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO—and, from across the Capitol, Senator T
HUNE and Sen- ator N
ELSON . I am pleased that we included some time-sensitive and safety- and security- critical measures in this legislation. Passing this extension is the right thing to do for the safety and security of the American traveling public. In addition, I am pleased that the legislation directs the FAA to continue moving forward on safe integration of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) and directs the Department of Trans-portation to move forward on a long-overdue rule to better assist disabled travelers. However, there are many important bipar-tisan provisions that regrettably did not make the cut. I stand by my remarks regarding the first extension in September as well as the ex-tension we passed in March. We did not have to go down this road. Because of a desire to privatize the nation’s air traffic control (ATC) system, some critical pieces of the legislation have been tied up. We could have been here on the Floor today with a long-term reauthorization bill that took a comprehensive approach to addressing the pressing needs of the FAA, aviation safety and air travel. Mr. Speaker, if you ask 10 avia-tion stakeholders to identify the area of the FAA most in need of reform, I would venture to say most if not all 10 of them would say, ‘‘certification.’’ Both the House and Senate long-term FAA bills included far-reaching reforms to stream-line the FAA certification process that would help U.S. manufacturers become more com-petitive, expand their global presence and cre-ate jobs in the United States. The certification reforms that have bipartisan and bicameral support would have immediate benefits in my home state of Washington— where aviation manufacturing is a significant economic driver—as well as for the entire U.S. economy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JY8.001 E12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1088 July 12, 2016 
They would improve safety by permitting manufacturers to deliver newer and safer tech-nology to the market more quickly. Yet this legislation omits most of those re-forms. That is a critical and unfortunate omis-sion, in my view. In addition, this legislation fails to syn-chronize flight attendant rest rules with pilot rest rules. Synchronizing these rules would enable flight attendants to receive the rest they need and further improve the safety and security of the flying public. And while it falls outside the jurisdiction of the Transportation & Infrastructure Committee, I have serious concerns about expanding the look-back period to fifteen years for current and prospective airport employees. I said back in February, when T&I marked up a controversial long-term FAA reauthoriza-tion, that I feared we were in for more serial extensions. All Democrats and two Republicans voted against that bill because of its science experi-ment with air traffic control privatization. But the rest of the bill had strong bipartisan sup-port, and instead of enacting another exten-sion, we could be here to enact meaningful re-forms that aviation stakeholders need. So it is with disappointment that I am here to support a temporary extension. 
f 
HONORING MS. NANCY WATT 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Nancy Watt for her 19 years of public service with Napa County, California, including 12 years as the Napa County Executive Officer, as she moves onto the next stage of her career. A native of Los Gatos, California, Ms. Watt earned her bachelor’s degree from the Univer-sity of Southern California, and then returned to the Bay Area and graduated with a Master’s in Public Administration from Sonoma State University. Ms. Watt began her career with Napa Coun-ty as a Management Analyst in 1997, before becoming the Assistant County Administrator in 1999. Her success and leadership in these roles led to her appointment as County Execu-tive Officer in 2004, making her the first woman to hold that position in Napa County. Throughout her career, Ms. Watt has been an outstanding and inspiring public servant. As Executive Officer, she has led Napa County through challenging times including the Great Recession, the South Napa Earthquake, and the Valley Fire. Her integrity, keen judgment, and commitment to fairness kept the county moving and ensured its government met the needs of our community. Mr. Speaker, Nancy Watt has dedicated nearly two decades to serving Napa County and has set an inspiring example of devoted public service. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor her here today. HONORING THE LIFE OF YILMARY RODRIGUEZ SOLIVAN HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Yilmary Rodriguez Solivan, a resident of my district who lived in Kissimmee, Florida. Yilmary’s life was cut short during the tragic shooting at Pulse nightclub in Orlando, June 12, 2016. Yilmary was married to race-car driver Juan Borges and was a mother of two, including a three-month-old son, Sergio. She worked at a Wendy’s in Puerto Rico before moving to Flor-ida. Yilmary was enjoying a night out at Pulse with her friend Jonathan Camuy and her brother-in-law, William Borges. The group de-cided to go to a gay club because they be-lieved them to be safer after an incident at an-other club. Before a gunman opened fire, Yilmary had smiled into a camera, posing for a photo with her brother-in-law and friend. Jonathan died trying to protect his friend Yilmary. She was 24 years old. Yilmary Rodriguez Solivan will never be for-gotten in our pursuit of a more just and loving world. Her memory and acts of kindness will live forever in the hearts and minds of those who knew her. May her family, relatives and friends eventu-ally find solace and comfort, and may she rest in eternal peace. 
f 
40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE WORLD ABSOLUTE SPEED RECORD SET BY THE SR–71 
HON. AUSTIN SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the 40th anniver-sary of the World Absolute Speed Record flight by the Lockheed SR–71 ‘Blackbird,’ one of the greatest achievements in aviation his-tory. Even today, the 2,193 mph record set by the SR–71 ‘Blackbird’ is still recognized by the World Air Sports Federation as the fastest hu-mans have travelled during a sanctioned world record flight. As the Representative from Georgia’s Eighth Congressional District, I am deeply honored that a machine as magnificent as this aircraft rests alongside the Global Hawk and the U2 at the Museum of Aviation in Warner Robins, Georgia. The SR–71 ‘Blackbird’ flew for the first time on December 22, 1964. This aircraft, which could fly faster than the speed of a bullet at altitudes greater than 80,000 feet, remained the fastest and highest flying aircraft for the duration of its thirty five year career. The SR–71 ‘Blackbird’ served crucial roles in the areas of combat, reconnaissance, and research for the United States. Due to its unmatched speed, altitude, and state-of-the-art stealth capabilities, the SR–71 ‘Blackbird’ was integral in providing strategic advantages dur-ing the Vietnam War, the Yom Kippur War, and the Cold War. It also enabled the United States to conduct vital surveillance missions over countries such as Libya, Lebanon, Yemen, North Korea, and China during peri-ods of unrest. I would like to thank the crew of the record breaking flight, Captain Eldon Joersz and Major George Morgan Jr., for their service to the United States and their role in marking the SR–71 ‘Blackbird’s’ place in history. I would also like to thank the Museum of Aviation in Warner Robins, Georgia for making it possible for visitors from around the country to see this great symbol of American innovation. f 
HONORING THE PUBLIC SERVICE OF MR. NEAL W. ALLEN, III 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a dedicated public servant who has significantly contributed to Maine and our com-munities for more than forty years. This July, Neal W. Allen will be retiring as the Executive Director of the Greater Portland Council of Governments after 18 years. In this role, he has led a regional planning organiza-tion that provides support to communities across Southern Maine around municipal serv-ices, transportation & land use, economic de-velopment, sustainability, housing, and many other issues that impact people in their daily lives. At the Council of Governments, Mr. Allen led major initiatives around sound governance of the organization, along with the establish-ment of its Sustainability Principles. Those Principles opened new opportunities for the re-gion, including a federal HUD Sustainability grant that involved more than 40 partners from Kittery to Brunswick. The Sustainability Prin-ciples also formed a basis for the Council’s energy planning, electric vehicles initiatives, and designation in the U.S. Commerce De-partment’s Investing in Manufacturing Commu-nities Partnership. Following service in the Coast Guard during the Vietnam era, Mr. Allen’s career in Maine began in the 1970s, as an Assistant City Man-ager in Portland. Among other contributions to the City, he played a key role in establishing Portland’s ambulance service, Medcu, the first of its kind in Maine. He then went on to serve the City through a variety of challenging issues as Acting City Manager and later, as the first Executive Director of the waste man-agement organization that is now named Eco Maine. That program resulted in the closing of numerous open burning landfills and the es-tablishment of a regional system for managing solid waste. Along the way, Mr. Allen served a Governor and U.S. Senator in various roles, and was the co-recipient, along with former Governor Joseph Brennan, of the State of Maine Award in 1983. This is just a small sampling of the many ways that Neal Allen made our region better. This career is reflective of his commitment to public service and to the notion that practical, local collaboration can make a big difference in the daily lives of people in our communities. I doubt that this retirement will be the last word on his contributions to our community. Mr. Speaker, I truly admire Mr. Allen for his long and devoted service to Maine, and would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JY8.003 E12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1089 July 12, 2016 
like to thank him for the difference he has made in the lives of Mainers. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE OUTSTANDING SERVICE OF SANDRA STROKOFF ON THE OCCASION OF HER RE-TIREMENT 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleague Ranking Member L
EVIN to recognize the service of Sandra Strokoff, an exceptional lawyer and public servant, on the occasion of her retirement from the United States House of Representa-tives Office of Legislative Counsel. After seven years leading the office as Legislative Counsel for the House of Representatives, and having spent over 40 years in that office, Ms. Strokoff has had a hand in drafting many significant bills in her distinguished career. It is safe to say that she has played a critical role in draft-ing every major piece of trade legislation over a period of decades, and she has done so with considerable legal skill, a keen eye for detail, commitment to excellence, and enor-mous patience. She has also worked hard to train many others in her office and on my staff, for which I am grateful. I ask my col-leagues to join me in offering my sincerest thanks to Sandra for her invaluable service and dedication to the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives and our nation. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF LUIS DANIEL WILSON-LEON 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Luis Daniel Wilson-Leon, a resident of my district who resided in Orlando, Florida. Luis lost his life during the tragic shooting at Pulse nightclub in the early morn-ing hours of June 12, 2016. Luis, who was also known as Danny, liked to wear black and grow his sideburns long while growing up in his small town in Puerto Rico. He encountered many bullies, but never retaliated with hate. His friends and family re-member his loving, positive energy and spoke of him as a protector and confidante. Danny moved to Vero Beach, Florida, on his own in 2004. Once there, he quickly learned English and landed a job at a shoe store. Danny earned a promotion to store manager, was dedicated to his work and attended church. Danny eventually met the love of his life, Jean Carlos Mendez Perez, a salesperson at the shop, Perfumania. Their friends described the moment as ‘‘love at first sight,’’ and the beginning of their nine-year relationship. The two shared a home, frequented their favorite Hispanic restaurants and loved going to Latin Night at the Pulse club. Luis Daniel and Jean Carlos died alongside one another that night in Orlando. Luis was 37 years old. Luis will never be forgotten in our pursuit of a more just and loving world. His memory and acts of kindness will live forever in the hearts and minds of those who knew him. May his family, relatives and friends eventu-ally find solace and comfort, and may he rest in eternal peace. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. JOHN M. QUEEN III 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John M. Queen III of Haywood County, North Carolina. On behalf of the peo-ple of Western North Carolina, I would like to thank Mr. Queen for his service to farmers in Haywood County and congratulate him on his induction into the Western North Carolina Agri-culture Hall of Fame. A fourth-generation cattle producer from Haywood County and owner of John Queen Farms, Mr. Queen’s background includes ex-perience in nearly every aspect of beef cattle management. He has been a strong promoter of his industry and has been president of both the North Carolina and National Cattlemen’s Associations. As national president, he trav-eled throughout the country working with cattlemen to improve farm practices and worked in Washington, D.C. to advocate for the industry in Congress and at the White House. Always a leader in the cattle market, Mr. Queen established the Southeast Livestock Exchange (SELEX), which holds auctions for producers across Georgia and the Carolinas and has become a major asset to the regional cattle industry. More recently, Mr. Queen has been instrumental in the success of the week-ly market at the Western North Carolina Re-gional Livestock Center in Canton, N.C. Under his management, from its opening in 2011 through 2015, the market has sold over 82,000 head of livestock for more than $72 million and has had an economic impact of $110 million on the region. Mr. Queen has served as a Haywood Coun-ty Commissioner and director of the Haywood County Cattlemen’s Association, and has been involved in the N.C. Farm Bureau, Southern Appalachian Highland Conservancy, and N.C. Beef Board. He has been recognized as a River Friendly Farmer and for his outstanding leadership in business in Haywood County. Mr. Queen remains an avid supporter of the regional FFA and 4–H programs, starting an FFA Heifer Chain and supporting the Junior Dairy Show. John M. Queen III has had a substantial in-fluence on the livestock industry not only in Western North Carolina but throughout our state and nation. He deserves our highest rec-ognition and I am honored to express the sin-cere congratulations and best wishes of the people of North Carolina on his induction into the Western North Carolina Agriculture Hall of Fame. OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL DEBT HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. Today, it is $19,362,032,846,861.90. We’ve added $8,735,155,797,948.82 to our debt in 7 years. This is over $8.7 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HELPING FAMILIES IN MENTAL HEALTH CRISIS ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TIM MURPHY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 6, 2016 Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank Dr. Tony Mannarino, Dr. Harold Koplewicz, Dr. E. Fuller Torrey, Dr. Shannon Edwards, Dr. Alan Axelson, Dr. Mi-chael Welner, Dr. Jeffrey Lieberman, Dr. Sally Satel, and DJ Jaffe for their helping and hard work on the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. 
f 
HONORING THE LEGACY AND CAREER OF DR. TONY ZEISS 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Tony Zeiss for his 24 years of serv-ice at Central Piedmont Community College (CPCC). Dr. Zeiss joined CPCC in 1992 and devel-oped a vision and strategic plan that has made CPCC the nation’s leader in workforce development. In fact, under the leadership of Dr. Zeiss, Central Piedmont has become one of North Carolina’s largest and most success-ful community colleges. As the third president of Central Piedmont Community College, Dr. Zeiss grew the school from one campus to six and expanded its outreach efforts and class offerings. Currently, CPCC now serves over 70,000 students, approximately twice as many as it did when Dr. Zeiss started. In these times of economic hardship, Cen-tral Piedmont Community College has consist-ently succeeded in training students to meet the demands of the 21st century job market. The ability of Dr. Zeiss to connect students with the needs of businesses cannot be un-derstated, because his work has allowed stu-dents to prosper in difficult times. An active member of many civic groups, Dr. Zeiss serves as an outstanding role model for both students and colleagues seeking to better themselves and their community. He has built a career of serving others and CPCC now reaps the benefits of his years of dedication. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JY8.005 E12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1090 July 12, 2016 
Whether it is in his travels as a professional speaker, or found in one of the twenty books he has written, Dr. Zeiss’ wisdom always cap-tivates an audience and leaves a place better than he found it. That is exactly what he has done at CPCC. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in hon-oring the career of a truly remarkable indi-vidual, and my friend, Dr. Tony Zeiss, for his service to Central Piedmont Community Col-lege and wishing he and his wife Beth well as they begin the next chapter of their lives in re-tirement. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RODOLFO AYALA-AYALA 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Rodolfo Ayala-Ayala, a resi-dent of my district who lived in Kissimmee, Florida. Rodolfo lost his life during the tragic shooting at Pulse nightclub in Orlando, in the early morning hours of June 12, 2016. Rodolfo was a biologics supervisor at a blood donation center in Orlando. He would have been working the morning of the shoot-ing helping the victims after thousands of peo-ple throughout Central Florida turned out to donate blood that day. Instead, he was one of the victims. Rodolfo, who was also known as Rodney, had recently been promoted to platelet super-visor. A native of Puerto Rico, he was a skilled salsa dancer and loved all kinds of Latin music. His family and friends remember him as a compassionate man dedicated to his work. He was a prankster and could rock a bow tie. Rodolfo was a well-loved human being and had a bright future ahead of him. He was enjoying Latin Night at Pulse nightclub the morning of the shooting. He was 33 years old. Rodolfo Ayala-Ayala will never be forgotten in our pursuit of a more just and loving world. His memory and acts of kindness will live for-ever in the hearts and minds of those who knew him. May his family, relatives and friends eventu-ally find solace and comfort, and may he rest in eternal peace. 
f 
FAA EXTENSION, SAFETY, AND SECURITY ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 11, 2016 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, this bill provides needed stability for our nation’s aviation pro-grams, while giving lawmakers the time to come to a longer term FAA authorization. The House has previously passed a number of needed aviation security bills that I have sponsored, and I’m pleased that three of those bills are included in this legislation. These provisions include the TSA PreCheck Expansion Act, the Checkpoint Optimization and Efficiency Act, and my SAFE GATES leg-islation. Together, these provisions will increase the number of travelers receiving expedited secu-rity screening, reduce airports wait times by making commonsense reforms to the way TSA operates, and enhance the security at overseas airports with direct flights to the United States. The result will be greater efficiency, en-hanced safety, and a reformed TSA that is better prepared to protect our transportation infrastructure. In these trying times in which America faces a formidable threat from terrorists at home and abroad, it is critical that we act to secure our aviation sector from threats and mitigate at-tacks like those in Istanbul and Brussels. Along with these attacks on airports, we have seen three—potentially four—passenger aircraft bombed by terrorists in recent months. Passing this legislation will help guard against such attacks against U.S.-bound aircraft. I appreciate the tireless work of Chairman SHUSTER and Chairman T HUNE in shepherding this critical extension of FAA’s authority. I thank them and Chairman M
CCAULfor advo- cating for my security provisions to be in-cluded. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CITI OPEN TENNIS TOURNAMENT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the Citi Open Tennis Tour-nament, taking place July 16–24, 2016, in Rock Creek Park, and to recognize these dates as ‘‘Tennis Week’’ in the District of Co-lumbia. All are invited to attend the 48th in-stallment of this Washington tennis tradition, a cultural, economic, and community staple in the region. The tennis tournament, now known as the Citi Open Tennis Tournament, was founded in 1969 by tennis legend and Hall of Famer Don-ald Dell, along with business partner John Harris, with the support of Arthur Ashe. Mr. Ashe declared he would participate in the in-augural tournament under two conditions: the tournament would take place in a naturally in-tegrated neighborhood, and it would be played on public land where all people could come to-gether, enjoy the sport, and share the experi-ence. Today, the tournament remains in its original location on 16th & Kennedy Streets NW, in Rock Creek Park. In 1972, Mr. Dell gave the tournament sanc-tion to the Washington Tennis & Education Foundation (then called the Washington Area Tennis Patrons Foundation), a nonprofit orga-nization supporting local education causes for over 1,200 low-income and underserved chil-dren. The Citi Open Tennis Tournament draws the best players in the world, making D.C. a global tennis destination. The tournament is also seen on television in 182 countries. A 2015 economic impact study found that the estimated total gross impact of the Citi Open on the regional economy is more than $28.2 million. The tournament is the only Association of Tennis Professionals 500 level event in the United States, and it is one of only four pro-fessional tennis tournaments combining men’s and women’s events. It is also recognized as an international level tournament by the Wom-en’s Tennis Association. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in recognizing ‘‘Tennis Week in the District of Columbia’’ for the Citi Open Tennis Tournament, celebrated July 16–24. f 
AGA KHAN’S 59TH YEAR AS IMAM OF THE ISMAILI MUSLIMS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent one of the most diverse districts in all of America. Our diversity is part of what makes the greater Houston area a strong ex-ample of the melting pot that comprises this great nation. I appreciate the Ismaili community’s en-gagement with the broader community—in cul-ture, business, education, and civic affairs. The Ismaili community provides important con-tributions to our community and we appreciate all that you do to embrace Texas and America as your home. Today, I would like to acknowledge a spe-cial anniversary for the Ismaili community. On July 11th, the Aga Khan will celebrate 59 years as Imam of the Ismaili Muslims. The role of the Imam is both to interpret the faith to the community, and also to do all he can to improve the quality and security of their daily lives. The Aga Khan emphasizes the view of the religion of Islam as a thinking, spiritual faith: one that teaches compassion and tolerance, promotes the role of the intellect and upholds the dignity of man, God’s noblest creation. I congratulate the Aga Khan on his 59th year as Imam and wish him and the Ismaili Muslim community in the United States every success in their continued efforts to improve the lives of people around the world. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIKE POMPEO 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 401, 402, 403, I was unable to cast my vote in person due to a previously scheduled en-gagement. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea.’’ 
f 
HONORING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF GEORGE ROSENKRANZ, PH.D. 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the extraordinary life and work of George Rosenkranz, Ph.D., who celebrates his 100th birthday on August 20, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JY8.011 E12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1091 July 12, 2016 
Dr. George Rosenkranz has made signifi-cant contributions to the vitality of scientific re-search in our nation, helping build the founda-tion of many important life sciences compa-nies, including Syntex, Alza, Dynax, Affymax, Affymetrix and Zoecon. George Rosenkranz was born in Hungary on August 20, 1916. He earned his Ph.D. in 1940 and in 1941 left Europe for Cuba. He married Edith Rosenkranz in 1945 and to-gether they moved to Mexico City where he founded Syntex. The U.S. headquarters were opened in Palo Alto, California, in the early 1960s. Dr. Rosenkranz served as President, Chairman and CEO of Syntex until his retire-ment in 1981, and served as Founding Chair-man of the Board until Syntex was acquired by Roche in 1995. In addition to the birth con-trol pill, Syntex made many scientific discov-eries including Lidex, Naprosyn, Toradol, Cellcept, Cytovene, and others. Dr. Rosenkranz holds multiple patents and has authored more than 200 scientific publica-tions. He has been honored with the Bio-technology Heritage Award, the Winthrop- Sears Medal, the Condecoracion Eduardo Liceaga, and many others. He has given generously of his time, re-sources and considerable talents through phi-lanthropy in the fields of scientific research at Stanford University, in Mexico and Israel. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-resentatives to join me in wishing Dr. George Rosenkranz a joyous centennial celebration, surrounded by the love of his family. He is a national treasure and because of Dr. Rosenkranz and his great work we are a stronger, better nation, and a healthier world. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SIMON ADRIAN CARRILLO FERNANDEZ 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Simon Adrian Carrillo Fernandez of Kissimmee, Florida, a resident of my district who lost his life on June 12, 2016, during the tragic shooting at Pulse nightclub in Orlando. Simon Fernandez came to the United States from Venezuela a decade ago. He was an ac-counting student and worked as a manager at a local McDonalds. His colleagues admired his attention to detail and leadership style. He never forgot a co-worker’s birthday and would always bring a cake to celebrate the occasion. He took great pride in his career. Simon and his partner, Oscar Aracena, pur-chased a home last year where they lived to-gether with their three lovely Chihuahuas. They enjoyed traveling together, dancing, riding their bikes and going water skiing. Simon and Oscar had been vacationing in Canada and New York earlier the week before the tragedy. Friends enjoyed seeing their photos posted online from their stop in Niag-ara Falls. The couple had just returned to Or-lando earlier in the day before heading out with friends to Latin Night at the Pulse club on the night of the attack. The two died alongside one another at the club. Simon was 31 years old. Simon Adrian Carrillo Fernandez will never be forgotten in our pursuit of a more just and loving world. His memory and acts of kindness will live forever in the hearts and minds of those who knew him. May his family, relatives and friends eventu-ally find solace and comfort, and may he rest in eternal peace. f 
H.R. 5456 
HON. VERN BUCHANAN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. BUCHANAN. Mr. Speaker, I submit the following extraneous materials on H.R. 5456, the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016: 
GENERATIONS UNITED , Washington, DC, June 13, 2016. G
ENERATIONS UNITED ’SSTATEMENT SUP-
PORTING THE FAMILY FIRST PREVENTION  S
ERVICES ACT Generations United commends House and Senate leaders on the proposed bipartisan, bicameral Family First Prevention Services Act. This groundbreaking legislation takes the bold step to redirect federal funding to support evidence-based, upfront prevention services, making them available to the ap-proximately 2.5 million children whose grandparents or other relatives step in to care for them, keeping them out of foster care and with family. Children raised by relatives experience in-creased stability, and greater safety and per-manency and better behavioral and mental health outcomes than children living with non-relatives. Yet, grandparents or other rel-atives often take on the care of children with little or no warning. These relatives face unique challenges finding information about resources, policies and services to help them navigate their new role providing full time care for children. Supports offered through the Family First Prevention Services Act such as individual and family therapy, home visiting and kin-ship navigator programs can offer relatives the support they need to keep children out of foster care and help them thrive. The proposed legislation will benefit chil-dren in grandfamilies by: Providing a partial federal match to states offering evidence-based Kinship Navigator programs. Allowing states to use federal funds to sup-port 12 months of prevention services to keep children from needing to enter foster care, including families where a relative is caring for a child. Addressing barriers to licensure for rel-atives through the promotion of model fam-ily foster care licensing standards with a focus on ensuring states promote placements with family members. Reducing the amount of time foster chil-dren wait to be adopted or placed with rel-atives across state lines by encouraging states to replace their outdated child place-ment systems with a more efficient elec-tronic system. Ensuring more foster children are placed with families by ending federal reimburse-ment when states inappropriately place chil-dren in non-family settings. Promoting permanency for children by ex-tending adoption and legal guardianship in-centive payments. The proposed bill also reauthorizes the Re-gional Partnership Grant Program, which provides funding to state and local evidence- based services aimed at preventing child abuse and child neglect due to parental sub-stance abuse, and it extends existing child welfare services for five years through the Promoting Safe and Stable Families Pro-gram. This trailblazing child welfare legislation stops short of providing important short- term financial assistance to relatives, as in-cluded in previous proposals. Relative care-givers are often retired, living on fixed in-comes and unprepared to take on the expense of children who come into their care with no chance to plan in advance. Research shows that caregivers in grandfamilies are experi-enced and savvy financial managers who forgo their own financial needs and dreams to care for children. They often simply lack the needed resources. Generations United looks forward to working with Members of Congress who are championing federal and state solutions to address these ongoing fi-nancial challenges. STATE OF UTAH, O
FFICE OF THE GOVERNOR , Salt Lake City, UT, June 13, 2016. Hon. O
RRIN HATCH , U.S. Senator, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR HATCH : I write to express my support for the Family First Prevention Service Act of 2016. It is encouraging when Congress recognizes and reinforces the value of safe, strong, and thriving families. This state-federal partnership for children at risk of abuse or neglect requires our most con-certed efforts at delivering real solutions. The act reinforces the positive outcomes of Utah’s experience with evidence-based pre-vention. Since receiving a federal dem-onstration waiver in 2014, we have been able to put into practice the very elements of in- home family support services, featured in the Family First Prevention Service Act. You know of my strong belief that states are the laboratories of democracy, and Utah’s child welfare work reflects this. Today, we have the experience to know that when children are brought to our child wel-fare system, their complex circumstances often involve mental health needs, unaddressed substance use disorders, and a lack of positive parenting role models for the parents themselves. As Utah has responded with services that address these challenges, we see the positive outcomes of keeping children safe with their families. Every child wants a loving home, and the Family First Prevention Service Act will strengthen states’ ability to fulfill that expectation. Thank you for your commitment to our families and for your service to our country. Sincerely, G
ARYR. H ERBERT , Governor. 
DEPARTMENT OF  C
HILDREN & FAMILY SERVICES , Baton Rouge, LA, June 14, 2016. Re Family First Prevention Service Act 2016 Hon. C
HARLES W. B OUSTANY , JR. MD, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN BOUSTANY : As Sec- retary of the Louisiana Department of Chil-dren and Family Services (DCFS), I would like to express my support for the Family First Prevention Service Act of 2016. This legislation is critical for the families of Lou-isiana and our most vulnerable population of children at risk of abuse or neglect. Your support for this bill will assist DCFS in safe-ly strengthening families by keeping chil-dren out of foster care and reduce the costs of ineffective group home settings. The Fam-ily First Prevention Service Act reinforces positive outcomes with evidence-based pre-vention. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JY8.004 E12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1092 July 12, 2016 
DCFS believes every child wants a loving home and the Family First Prevention Serv-ice Act will assist DCFS’ ability to fulfill that expectation. Thank you for your com-mitment to Louisiana’s families and your service to our country. Sincerely, M
ARKETA GARNER WALTERS , Secretary. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR  C
HILDREN ’SBEHAVIORAL HEALTH , June 17, 2016. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. Hon. S
ANDY LEVIN, Ranking Member, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY AND RANKING MEM-
BERLEVIN: On behalf of the National Asso-ciation for Children’s Behavioral Health (NACBH), we would like to take this oppor-tunity to offer our support for the Family First Prevention Services Act of 2016. We would like to thank you for your leadership in bringing about much needed reform to the very complex and dysfunctional system of care for some of our nation’s most vulner-able children and families. As an organiza-tion representing mental health and child welfare providers across the country, we un-derstand the challenges faced by our child welfare systems. Specifically, we applaud the Act for ena-bling federal IV–E and IV–B funds to be used, for the first time, to offer prevention-based services in hopes that fewer at-risk children will be removed from their families and in-stead offered supportive services in their homes and communities. The Act’s focus on providing increased access to mental health services is a tremendous step forward in ad-dressing the underlying issues that often lead families to enter the child welfare sys-tem. Upon passage of this bill, we look forward to the opportunity to work with Congress and the Administration to address some of the additional complexities of the bill. The ambiguity regarding the payment structures involved in ensuring the necessary treat-ment services specified in the bill require needed clarity. Our concerns specifically re-late to the payment for the required assess-ments and ensuing mental health and health care services determined to be needed for children and adolescents in qualified residen-tial treatment programs (QRTP). We appreciate the time and attention to the issues addressed in this bill. We look for-ward to working with you for continued im-provement and system development. Sincerely, P
ATRICIA JOHNSTON , Executive Director. f 
RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT COLONEL MICHELLE M. WILLIAMS 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize and pay tribute to Lieutenant Colonel Michelle M. Williams for her exem-plary dedication to duty and service to the United States Army and to the United States of America. Lieutenant Colonel Williams has served for the last two years as a Congres-sional Budget Liaison for the Secretary of the Army. A native of St. Louis, Missouri, Lieutenant Colonel Williams was commissioned from the ROTC program at the Florida Institute of Technology, where she received a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration. While there, Michelle received her airborne wings. She was commissioned as a Finance Officer in 1999. As a junior officer, she deployed to Bosnia where she served as a cash control of-ficer, responsible for the distribution of over $1 million in cash, cash documents and equip-ment to Multinational Division-North in support of Operation Joint Forge. She also served as a Finance Detachment Commander in Iraq, where she led her troops through hundreds of missions across Baghdad and through the risky Sunni-Triangle area of operations. Her unit disbursed over $1 billion dollars. Michelle also served in several other organizations, as a resource manager in the Joint Chiefs of Staff J8, and as a budget officer in the Pen-tagon before being promoted to Major. As a Field-Grade Officer, Michelle served as a Deputy Comptroller for United States South-ern Command where she established herself as the lead and technical expert when deploy-ing the Army’s new Financial Management system, GFEBS at SOUTHCOM. She de-ployed again as the Budget Officer for United States Army Central Command in Arifjan, Ku-wait where she was responsible for obligations exceeding $1 billion and eliminated inefficient processes while improving audit readiness and preventing duplicate payments. In 2014, Michelle returned to the Pentagon as an Army Budget Liaison, where she was of great assistance to many Members of Con-gress and their staffs. Lieutenant Colonel Wil-liams facilitated many briefings from Army offi-cials here on Capitol Hill. In addition, Michelle managed a portfolio that included the Army’s Operations and Maintenance account, the Working Capital Fund, and activity at the De-pots that support the Army, a significant por-tion of Alabama’s contribution to our Nation’s defense. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful nation, I ask you and my colleagues to join me in commending Lieutenant Colonel Williams for her service to our great Nation. Michelle’s leadership throughout her career has posi-tively impacted her soldiers, peers, and superi-ors. We wish Michelle and her husband Jeff Pashai all the best as they continue to serve the nation in her next assignment as the Divi-sion G8 at Fort Carson, Colorado. f 
CONGRATULATING MAGGIE SMITH, ILLINOIS CHAMPION OF THE HEALTHY LUNCHTIME CHAL-LENGE 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Maggie Smith, the Illinois Cham-pion of First Lady Michelle Obama’s Healthy Lunchtime Challenge. The First Lady invited children from across the nation to submit their original ideas for healthy, affordable recipes, and selected one winner from every state to visit the White House for the Kid’s State Din-ner. Maggie, an 11 year old from Peoria, Illinois, became interested in cooking when she was just 9 years old. Since then, she’s been cook-ing her family dinner once a week, inspired by her parent’s emphasis on the need for healthy eating. After spending a lot of time crafting and perfecting her dish, Maggie’s winning rec-ipe is ‘‘West Wing Chicken with Secret Service Noodles.’’ The dish features breaded chicken with homemade marinara sauce, served with zucchini and squash noodles. I am so proud of Maggie for her hard work and dedication to promoting healthy eating, and I wish her success in her future culinary endeavors. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF OSCAR ARACENA-MONTERO 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Oscar Aracena-Montero who was a resident of my district and lived in Kis-simmee, Florida. Oscar’s life was cut short in the early hours of June 12, 2016, during the tragic shooting at Pulse nightclub in Orlando. Oscar was a business management student and worked as an assistant restaurant man-ager. He moved from the Dominican Republic with his father as a child and grew up in Cen-tral Florida. His friends describe him as a sweet guy who was the type of person who gets along with anybody. They remember him as a charismatic person who always looked on the bright side of things. Oscar was excited about the prospects of a career after completing his college degree. He and his partner, Simon Fernandez, purchased a home last year where they lived together with their three lovely Chihuahuas. They en-joyed traveling together, dancing, riding their bikes and going water skiing. Oscar and Simon had been vacationing in Canada and New York the week before the tragedy. Friends enjoyed seeing their photos posted online from their stop in Niagra Falls. The couple had just returned to Orlando ear-lier in the day before heading out with friends to Latin Night at the Pulse club on the night of the attack. The two died alongside one another at the club. Oscar was 26 years old. Oscar Aracena-Montero will never be forgot-ten in our pursuit of a more just and loving world. His memory and acts of kindness will live forever in the hearts and minds of those who knew him. May his family, relatives and friends eventu-ally find solace and comfort, and may he rest in eternal peace. 
f 
COMMENDING NOEL ‘‘CHRISTY’’ NOLTA FOR HER SERVICE TO OUR COUNTRY 
HON. GWEN GRAHAM 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Noel ‘‘Christy’’ Nolta on the oc-casion of her recent selection as Deputy Di-rector of Staff for the Chief of Staff of the Air 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JY8.019 E12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1093 July 12, 2016 
Force. Ms. Nolta has excelled in both civilian service and as a colonel in the Air Force Re-serve. Most recently, Ms. Nolta served as Deputy Director of Legislative Liaison for the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force. She also excelled in her reserve duty as Mobiliza-tion Assistant to the Chief of Public Affairs for the Secretary of the Air Force. Ms. Nolta has given much to this Nation through her dedicated and selfless service. After graduation from her dream school—Vir-ginia Tech—she answered the calling to join the Air Force and departed for Hahn Air Base in Germany. She started her career as an ad-jutant in a fighter squadron, was quickly recog-nized for her talent, and selected to serve as the 50th Tactical Wing Executive Officer. Her dedication and skills landed her in the 513th Airborne Command and Control Wing at Royal Air Force Mildenhall, England as a Command Post Controller and then Tactical Deception Plans Officer. Identified as an excellent officer, Christy was handpicked to train new accessions as an instructor at the Officer Training School at Lackland Air Force Base, Texas. It was during this assignment that Christy decided to con-tinue to serve her country by transitioning into the Air Force Reserve. Her husband, Mike, was serving on active duty and Christy accom-panied him on his assignments, continuing to balance motherhood, home, civilian, and re-serve careers. After completing a five year ex-tended active duty tour working for the Sec-retary of the Air Force, she decided to serve as an Air Force civilian as well as in the Air Force Reserve. She moved up the ranks with-in the Air Force Office of Communication, then later in Public Affairs. In 2014, her incredible communications skills were put to good use when Christy be-came the Deputy Director in the Legislative Li-aison Office and we all got to benefit from her hard work. Happily, on the military side, she kept one foot in the Public Affairs Office as a colonel serving as the mobilization assistant to the director. That combination served her bril-liantly. As Deputy Director of Legislative Liaison for the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, Christy supported Air Force leadership by en-gaging Congress on programs and weapon systems authorizations, constituent inquiries, and other congressional interests. Among some of her more notable accomplishments during her tenure as Deputy Director, Christy prepared the Air Force team for confirmation hearing for the Air Force Under Secretary and currently is working the confirmation hearing for the proposed next Chief of Staff of the Air Force. She also supported more than 1,000 Air Force senior leader visits to the Hill as well as over 400 wing commander Hill visits, more than 253 congressional delegation and con-gressional staff trips, over 200 congressional hearings, answering 7,474 constituent inquir-ies, and countless other Air Force Hill engage-ments. Not only is Christy admired and respected within the Air Force, she is a role model to young women of all ages. Recently the Girl Scouts honored her with these sentiments, ‘‘For caring, guiding, and helping Girls Scouts through the years and for being a good role model for girls around the world—May 2015.’’ Christy’s family service runs deep. Her fa-ther was career Army, her husband is retired Air Force, and two of their three children have graduated from the United States Air Force Academy. Their third child became a Hokie like her mother and father, graduating from Virginia Tech. In July, Colonel Nolta will retire from the Air Force Reserve with 30 years of faithful service in uniform. She will continue serving the Air Force in her civilian capacity. Today, I would like to wish Ms. Noel ‘‘Christy’’ Nolta good luck and Godspeed in her next assignment as the Deputy Director of Staff for the Chief of Staff of the Air Force. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Congress and the United States of America, I thank Christy and her family for their unwavering service to the nation, and look forward to their continued success. 
f 
FAA EXTENSION, SAFETY, AND SECURITY ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 11, 2016 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, five years ago we were in a similar situation with an FAA au-thorization coming to an end in the middle of the summer. That time we failed to act, caus-ing the shutdown of the FAA. So while I wish we were doing more than this extension bill today, I am happy that we are not going to let a shutdown happen again. Considering that this is only a short-term ex-tension, this bill contains a number of good policy changes. The enhanced consumer pro-tection measures, improvements in aviation security, and protections for general aviation pilots that are included are all the result of bi-partisan cooperation. Third class medical re-form is a long overdue victory for pilots. It is commonsense policy that will protect pilots’ rights and promote the general aviation indus-try. I have worked over the past year to ensure airline passengers are treated with fairness and respect. Simply put, if you pay for a serv-ice, you should get that service promptly or get your money back. During consideration of the House’s FAA bill, I was a strong advocate for requiring that fees be refunded for bag-gage that was lost and delayed. While this bill does not go as far as I would have liked, it does require that passengers who don’t get their luggage on time get their fee returned. In addition, this bill works to minimize trav-elers’ frustrations while simultaneously en-hancing aviation security by expanding access to TSA PreCheck and optimizing the TSA workforce to improve long lines at security checkpoints. The bill will also make air travel more accessible for persons with disabilities, and will create a set of accessibility best prac-tices for air carriers. My main disappointment in this extension comes from the fact that a number of impor-tant, bipartisan priorities were not included even though they had been worked out in the bill that came through our committee earlier this year. Since work began to reauthorize the 2012 FAA bill, I have worked continuously to reform the aircraft certification process and was the lead Democratic cosponsor of the Small Airplane Revitalization Act in 2013. Streamlining the certification process will ac-celerate getting products to market, ultimately strengthening job growth and stimulating eco-nomic activity. Aviation is an increasingly glob-al marketplace. To compete in this arena, do-mestic manufacturers must certify their prod-uct with the FAA which often takes longer than is necessary. Then they have to work to facili-tate acceptance of the equipment by the buy-er’s respective aviation authority. In recent years, American manufacturers have encoun-tered significant delays during this process. These delays have serious economic con-sequences for the small and medium sized businesses that make up the multi-billion-dol-lar aviation supply chain. The certification titles in the House and Sen-ate FAA reauthorization bills are the product of bipartisan work of the committees and out-reach to stakeholders. They address the cur-rent inefficiencies by driving certification and regulatory changes, requiring that the FAA be more closely involved in foreign markets, help-ing to gain expedited acceptance and valida-tion of U.S. products and safety standards, and ultimately better utilizing scarce resources at the FAA and within the industry to enhance productivity. They not only advance safety, but also benefit our economy. We must ensure that the high tech U.S. manufacturing industry, and the skilled workforce it employs, are able to compete in the face of growing global com-petition. So I was frustrated to learn that these bipar-tisan provisions, which directly translate to tan-gible economic benefits across the entire in-dustry, were not included in this extension. The aviation industry needs stability to con-fidently allocate resources, make investments, and plan for the future. They rely on Congress to consistently provide that authority to the FAA. While I’m disappointed that these key priorities were not included, I hope that we can work quickly to find a way to pass the air-craft certification provisions in the near term. Finally, there is a provision that was in-cluded that I have concerns about. This bill expands the look-back period for background checks and the list of offenses that would dis-qualify an individual from eligibility to work at an airport. We need to do all we can to in-crease security at airports. But I am deeply concerned that this provision was added into the extension outside the jurisdiction of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee seemingly at the last minute and without ex-planation or consultation with House Mem-bers. Mr. Speaker, on the whole, this is a good bill. But much remains to be done. I hope that in the coming months we can continue work-ing to pass a comprehensive long term FAA reauthorization to maintain America’s leader-ship in the global aviation industry. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STAFF SERGEANT EDWARD ANDERSON 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise today to honor Staff Sergeant Edward Ander-son, an Army veteran of World War II who survived four months as a prisoner of war. Staff Sergeant Anderson entered his service in the Army and served in the 28th Division of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JY8.024 E12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1094 July 12, 2016 
Pennsylvania. After six weeks of basic train-ing, he was shipped overseas on the North At-lantic Convoy. On December 18, 1944, Staff Sergeant Anderson was captured as a pris-oner of war by German forces in Krinklet. Dur-ing his time as a POW, he endured a forced march of over 105 miles in freezing conditions with little to no rest or food while being moved to different camps. During his confinement at Stalag VIIA, he was exposed to harsh weather conditions and nutritional deficiencies. Staff Sergeant Ander-son was finally freed in April 1945. When asked why many of the POWs of the camp survived, he explained, ‘‘we were all young, mentally tough, and in relatively good shape. We had a lot to live for.’’ After his service in the Army, Staff Sergeant Anderson returned to his home in Wisconsin. Family life was and still is very important to him. He spent time regularly attending church with his wife and two children, going to stock car races, and enjoyed time gardening, fish-ing, and hunting. On behalf of the residents of Wisconsin’s 7th Congressional District, I would like to thank Staff Sergeant Anderson for his time serving our nation during World War II and for the resilience he showed during the most dreadful times. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 125TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE SARANAC LAKE FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the 125th Anniversary of the Saranac Lake Fire Department in Franklin County, New York. The Saranac Lake Fire Department prides itself on saving the lives and property of those who it has served since 1891. Before 1891, two competing hose compa-nies fought the fires of Saranac Lake sepa-rately. However, realizing that the community would benefit more from joining forces, the Woodruff and Miller Hose Companies com-bined to form the Woodruff-Miller Hose Com-pany and formally establish the Saranac Lake Volunteer Fire Department. Since that day, the Department has worked together with the community to combat fires in both Franklin and Essex counties. This in-cludes community outreach events to raise awareness for fire safety, a dive rescue and recovery team for lake accidents, and the ac-tual volunteer fire fighters who form the base of the department. Their mascot, Smokey the Dalmatian, has served as the symbol for all that the company does for their Adirondack community. Congratulations to the Saranac Lake Fire Department on the 125th anniversary of your formation. I want to wish the department and the Village of Saranac Lake continued safety and success in the future. 100TH BIRTHDAY OF MARY SANSONE HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th Birthday of Brooklyn’s Mary Sansone. Mary was born and raised in Brooklyn, NY, where she became a prominent activist from a young age. Taking part in movements since she was eight years old, advocacy became second nature. Following World War II, she helped the Red Cross provide aid to Italians. In 1964, along with her husband, Mrs. Sansone founded the Congress for Italian- American Organizations (CIAO). In the 1970s, Mrs. Sansone helped forge al-liances between the African-American, His-panic and Italian communities via the New York Urban Coalition. Mrs. Sansone hosted community leaders at her home serving up her famous meatballs and hoping to find common ground. At the age of 100, Mary Sansone is still in-volved in causes that are close to her heart. Her birthday was recently celebrated at Dyker Beach Golf Course in Brooklyn with hundreds of friends and admirers coming to celebrate. Mrs. Sansone currently resides in Borough Park, Brooklyn, living in the same home for the past 70 years. She is a true lifelong Brooklynite. Mr. Speaker, Mary Sansone’s decades of activism and advocacy truly show what Amer-ica is about, regardless of one’s political affili-ation. I commend her outstanding life and I am proud to honor this citizen from New York’s 11th District on her 100th birthday. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JUAN RIVERA VELAZQUEZ 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Juan Rivera Velazquez of Kis-simmee, Florida. Juan was a resident of my district. His life was cut short in the early morning hours of June 12, 2016, during the tragic shooting at Pulse nightclub in Orlando. Juan died at the club alongside his life part-ner of 16 years, Luis Daniel Conde. The two grew up in the same small town in Puerto Rico, and even attended the same school, Jose Campeche High School in San Lorenzo, Puerto Rico. Juan Rivera Velazquez was 37 years old. Juan and Luis were co-owners of Alta Peluqueria D’Magazine Salon & Spa in Kis-simmee where they enjoyed a loyal client base and frequently offered their services to victims of domestic abuse, free of charge. The pair were known to friends as exceptional peo-ple and a loving couple. While Juan is remem-bered as the shy, quieter half, driven and fo-cused on the work, Luis was more the joke-ster, who was always making people laugh. They valued their clients as friends with their encouraging words, always reminding them that they look ‘beautiful’ and ‘amazing’ before leaving the salon. Juan Rivera Velazquez will never be forgot-ten in our pursuit of a more just and loving world. His memory and acts of kindness will live forever in the hearts and minds of those who knew him. May his family, relatives and friends eventu-ally find solace and comfort, and may he rest in eternal peace. f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL JAMES ‘‘JJ’’ JACKSON 
HON. AUSTIN SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I would like to recognize Lieutenant Gen-eral James ‘‘JJ’’ Jackson today in honor of his retirement as Chief of the Air Force Reserve and Commander of the Air Force Reserve Command and thank him for his many years of dedicated service to our country. A 1978 graduate of the United States Air Force Academy, Lt Gen Jackson completed fourteen years of active duty, flying tours in Europe and the Pacific before joining the Air Force Reserve in 1992. During his years of service, Lt Gen Jackson held numerous wing leadership and command positions as well as staff assignments at the Eighth Air Force and Headquarters U.S. Strategic Command, Head-quarters Pacific Air Forces, Headquarters U.S. Pacific Command, and Headquarters U.S. Air Force. Lt Gen Jackson also earned major decorations and awards including the Distin-guished Service Medal with oak leaf cluster, Legion of Merit with oak leaf cluster, Meri-torious Service Medal with three oak leaf clus-ters, Aerial Achievement Medal with oak leaf cluster, and the Air Force Commendation Medal with two oak leaf clusters. As a career instructor pilot and evaluator, Lt Gen Jackson was a command pilot, logging more than 3,600 hours in the F–4 Phantom II, F–16 Fighting Falcon, and KC–135R Stratotanker. Through his years of service and leadership, Lt Gen Jackson demonstrated his unwavering loyalty and dedication to our country and com-mitment to protecting our freedom. On behalf of the House Armed Services Committee and the people of Georgia’s Eighth Congressional District, I would like to thank Lt Gen Jackson for his service and wish him the best in his re-tirement. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DONALD R. SMART 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Donald R. Smart of Haywood Coun-ty, North Carolina. On behalf of the people of Western North Carolina, I would like to thank Mr. Smart for his service to the farmers in Haywood County and congratulate him on his induction into the Western North Carolina Agri-culture Hall of Fame. A lifelong resident of Haywood County and fifth-generation farmer, Mr. Smart was an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JY8.026 E12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1095 July 12, 2016 
honor student in high school and president of the Tuscola FFA chapter. He graduated cum laude from North Carolina State University and participated in the Philip Morris Leadership Program at the University of Kentucky. Start-ing his farm in 1974 with one acre each of burley tobacco and trellised tomatoes, Mr. Smart and his brother have since expanded the farm to encompass 1,500 acres of corn, soybeans, vegetables, tobacco, hay, and cat-tle. While building his own successful business, Mr. Smart served as President of the Hay-wood County Farm Bureau Federation, as a State Executive Board Member of the N.C. Farm Bureau Federation, as Chairman of the N.C. Farm Bureau Burley Tobacco Committee, as Chairman of the Haywood County Farm-land Preservation Organization, as a Board Member of the N.C. Tobacco Growers Asso-ciation, and as an advocate for farmers at our state and national capitals. In the mid-2000s, Mr. Smart’s leadership stopped the sale of the Mountain Research Station and secured addi-tional acreage for this hub of agricultural re-search. He helped Haywood County establish a fairground and served on its board and vol-unteer advisory council. He has been recog-nized as a Philip Morris Outstanding Burley Tobacco Grower, a N.C. Department of Agri-culture and Consumer Services Farmer of the Year, a Haywood County Outstanding Farmer, a N.C. Tomato Growers Association Out-standing Producer, and has received an FFA Appreciation Award for working to keep agri-culture in high school curricula. Donald R. Smart has been an invaluable proponent of the agriculture industry in Hay-wood County and across our state. Mr. Smart deserves the highest recognition and I am honored to express the sincere congratula-tions and best wishes of the people of North Carolina on his induction into the Western North Carolina Agriculture Hall of Fame. 
f 
RECOGNIZING OUR NATION’S COM-MUNITY CORRECTIONS PROFES-SIONALS 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the nation’s community corrections professionals and the vital role they play in en-hancing public safety throughout the United States. In honor of the invaluable contributions of these dedicated public servants, the Amer-ican Probation and Parole Association (APPA) and its associated members have designated the week of July 17–23 Pretrial, Probation and Parole Supervision Week 2016. I thank the thousands of men and women who perform these important public safety duties, and urge my colleagues in the House of Representa-tives to join me in support of the APPA’s week-long recognition efforts this year. Here in my congressional district, the na-tion’s capital, thousands of women and men serve as pretrial, probation and parole officers or administrators. As public servants, these constituents, along with many other Ameri-cans, commit themselves on a daily basis to helping improve the lives of those involved in the criminal justice system. Mr. Speaker, the work of these professionals ultimately results in stronger and safer communities for all. Community corrections professionals are re-sponsible for the supervision of adult and juve-nile offenders in communities throughout our nation. These trained professionals go above and beyond the call of duty by connecting their clients to supportive services, community based resources, employment opportunities, housing programs and other evidence based practices that help individuals successfully complete supervision and reenter society. Community corrections professionals strive to provide these services and support, while si-multaneously providing client surveillance, crime prevention and restorative justice. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in acknowledging the impact community corrections professionals have on the quality of life of so many Americans, and recognizing July 17–23 as Pretrial, Probation and Parole Supervision Week 2016. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Monday, July 11, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call votes 401 and 402 and ‘‘nay’’ on roll call vote 403. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, on the day of April 11th, I am wrongly recorded on H.R. 5606, the Anti-terrorism Information Sharing Is Strength Act. I intended to oppose this legislation. 
f 
FINDING MEANING IN THE DALLAS TRAGEDY 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 12, 2016 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, one week ago today in the Dallas Central Business Dis-trict, a lone gunman, motivated by anger and rage, terrorized a peaceful assembly of my fel-low Texans protesting injustice by unleashing a hail of bullets from an automatic rifle that took the lives of five officers of the Dallas Po-lice Department and Dallas Area Rapid Transit and wounded twelve others. Today I joined my fellow Texans and others at the memorial in Dallas. Earlier today, a memorial in honor of the fallen was held at Dallas’ Meyerson Symphony Center, attended by several hundreds, includ-ing the President of the United States and the First Lady; Vice-President Biden and Dr. Jill Biden; former President George W. Bush and Mrs. Laura Bush; members of the Texas con-gressional delegation, representatives of law enforcement agencies from across the nation. President Obama reminded us that in the aftermath of one of the most tumultuous weeks in memory that the nation is not as di-vided as it seems and urged the nation to find meaning in the midst of sorrow by working to-gether so that we can ‘‘preserve those institu-tions of family and community, rights and re-sponsibilities, law and self-government that is the hallmark of this nation.’’ I especially appreciate the remarks of former President George W. Bush who re-minded us that ‘‘to renew our unity, we only need to remember our values’’ and that we ‘‘are bound by things of the spirit, by shared commitments to common ideals, and that we are at our best when we practice empathy, which is the strongest ‘‘bridge across our na-tion’s deepest divisions.’’ Mr. Speaker, there is much wisdom in Presi-dent Bush’s admonition that we avoid judging other groups by their worst examples, while judging ourselves by our best intentions. We are one country with a common future and a single destiny, and, deep down, we know that President Obama was right when he said that we all must aspire and strive for an open heart, where we ‘‘worry less about which side has been wronged, and worry more about joining sides to do right.’’ Due to an injury sustained the week before, Texas Governor Greg Abbott was not able to attend the moving tribute to the fallen Dallas officers so I want to extend to him my best wishes for a complete and speedy recovery and to commend and associate myself with the following statements from his Open Letter to the People of Texas: ‘‘Though anguish and sorrow may darken the days ahead, we will not be overcome by evil—we will overcome evil with good. Texas is an exceptional state with exceptional peo-ple. We’ve faced tough challenges in the past, but we have come together to overcome those challenges. In the coming days, there will be those who foment distrust and fan the flames of dissension. ‘‘To come together—that would be the greatest rebuke to those who seek to tear us apart.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, what is called for in sorrowful times likes this is unity and healing and the faith that a righteous cause can only be ad-vanced by righteous words and actions. Let us remember and honor the fallen and wounded in Dallas by rededicating ourselves to the spirit of empathy and love and respect for human dignity that has made and will keep our country the wonder of the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JY8.029 E12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D784 Tuesday, July 12, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate disagreed to the House amendment to S. 2012, Energy Policy Modernization Act, agreed to the request from the House for a con-ference, and the Presiding Officer appointed conferees. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4953–S5017 Measures Introduced: Seventeen bills and five reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3156–3172, S. Res. 526–529, and S. Con. Res. 46.
        Pages S5002–03 
Measures Reported: H.R. 3361, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Insider Threat Program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–297) S. 3156, to provide enhanced protections for tax-payers from fraud and other illegal activities. (S. Rept. No. 114–298) S. 3157, to prevent taxpayer identity theft and tax refund fraud. (S. Rept. No. 114–299) H.R. 1557, to amend the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 to strengthen Federal antidiscrimination laws enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and expand accountability within the Federal government, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–300) S. 461, to provide for alternative financing ar-rangements for the provision of certain services and the construction and maintenance of infrastructure at land border ports of entry, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2509, to improve the Government-wide man-agement of Federal property, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S5001 
Measures Passed: United States Semiquincentennial Commission Act: Senate passed H.R. 4875, to establish the United States Semiquincentennial Commission. 
                                                                                            Page S5010 
United States Appreciation for Olympians and Paralympians Act: Committee on Finance was dis-charged from further consideration of S. 2650, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-clude from gross income any prizes or awards won in competition in the Olympic Games or the Paralympic Games, the bill was then passed, and that the papers be held at the desk.        Pages S5010–11 
National Lobster Day: Committee on the Judici-ary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 513, designating September 25, 2016, as ‘‘Na-tional Lobster Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                                       Page S5011 
Unified Development of the Tennessee River System 80th Anniversary: Senate agreed to S. Res. 528, commending the Tennessee Valley Authority on the 80th anniversary of the unified development of the Tennessee River system.
                           Page S5011 
Conference Reports: Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act— Agreement: Senate began consideration of the con-ference report to accompany S. 524, to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the na-tional epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use.
                                          Pages S4955–62, S4975–93 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding rule XXII, at 11 a.m., on Wednesday, July 13, 2016, Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the conference report to accompany S. 524; that following the vote on the motion to invoke cloture, the Chair lay before the Senate the message to accompany H.R. 636, to amend title 49, United States Code, to authorize ap-propriations for the Federal Aviation Administration for fiscal years 2016 through 2017, that the Majority Leader, or his designee, be recognized to make a mo-tion to concur in the House amendments to the Sen-ate amendments, and that the time until 1:45 p.m. be equally divided between the Leaders, or their des-ignees; and that following the use or yielding back 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JY6.REC D12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D785 July 12, 2016 
of time, Senate vote on the motion to concur in the House amendments to the Senate amendments, with no intervening action or debate, and that all time al-located for consideration of H.R. 636, count post- cloture on S. 524, if cloture is invoked.
        Page S4984 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the conference re-port to accompany the bill at approximately 9:30 a.m. on Wednesday, July 13, 2016, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided between the two Lead-ers, or their designees.
                                             Page S5011 
House Messages: Energy Policy Modernization Act: Senate agreed to the motion to disagree to the House amendment to S. 2012, to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, agree to the re-quest from the House for a conference, and the Pre-siding Officer appoint the following conferees: Sen-ators Murkowski, Barrasso, Risch, Cornyn, Cantwell, Wyden, and Sanders.
                                       Pages S4962–75 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 84 yeas to 3 nays (Vote No. 125), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to dis-agree to the House amendment, agree to the request from the House for a conference, and the Presiding Officer appoint the following conferees: Senators Murkowski, Barrasso, Risch, Cornyn, Cantwell, Wyden, and Sanders.
                                Pages S4962, S4975 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: Carole Schwartz Rendon, of Ohio, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio for the term of four years.
                             Pages S5010, S5017 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S4997–98 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4998 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S4998 
Measures Held at the Desk:                             Page S4998 
Executive Communications:               Pages S4999–S3501 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S5001–02 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5003–04 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5004–10 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S4997 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S5010 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S5010 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—125)
                                                                Page S4975 Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:27 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, July 13, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5011.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of Susan S. Gibson, of Virginia, to be Inspector General of the National Reconnaissance Office, Department of Defense, Gail H. Marcus, of Maryland, to be a Member of the De-fense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, Dimitri Frank Kusnezov, of California, to be Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs, National Nuclear Security Administration, Department of Energy, and 141 nominations in the Army, Navy, and Air Force. NATIONAL SECURITY CYBER AND ENCRYPTION CHALLENGES Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a closed hearing to examine national security cyber and encryption challenges, after receiving testimony from Admiral Michael S. Rogers, USN, Commander, United States Cyber Command, Director, National Security Agency, and Chief, Central Security Serv-ices. FCC PRIVACY REGULATIONS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Fed-eral Communications Commission’s proposed privacy regulations, focusing on how they affect consumers and competition, after receiving testimony from Jon Leibowitz, 21st Century Privacy Coalition, Dean C. Garfield, Information Technology Industry Council, and Paul Ohm, Georgetown University Law Center, all of Washington, D.C.; Matthew M. Polka, Amer-ican Cable Association, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; and Peter Swire, Georgia Institute of Technology Scheller College of Business, Atlanta. FAST ACT Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security concluded a hearing to examine the FAST Act, the economy, and our nation’s transportation system, after receiv-ing testimony from Major Jay Thompson, Arkansas Highway Police, Little Rock, on behalf of the Com-mercial Vehicle Safety Alliance; Patrick J. Ottensmeyer, Kansas City Southern, Kansas City, Missouri; David Eggermann, BASF Corporation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JY6.REC D12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD786 July 12, 2016 
Florham Park, New Jersey, on behalf of the Amer-ican Chemistry Council; and Stephen J. Gardner, Amtrak, Washington, D.C. ENERGY DISRUPTIONS Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on Energy concluded a hearing to exam-ine protections designed to guard against energy dis-ruptions, including S. 3018, to provide for the estab-lishment of a pilot program to identify security vulnerabilities of certain entities in the energy sector, after receiving testimony from Patricia Hoffman, As-sistant Secretary, Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, and Brent J. Stacey, Associate Laboratory Director, National and Homeland Secu-rity, Idaho National Laboratory, both of the Depart-ment of Energy; Duane D. Highley, Arkansas Elec-tric Cooperative Corporation, Little Rock, on behalf of the National Rural Electric Cooperative Associa-tion; and Robin Manning, Electric Power Research Institute, Charlotte, North Carolina. THE STARK LAW Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Stark Law, focusing on current issues and opportunities, after receiving testimony from Troy A. Barsky, Crowell and Moring, LLP, Wash-ington, D.C.; Ronald A. Paulus, Mission Health Sys-tem, Asheville, North Carolina; and Peter B. Mancino, The Johns Hopkins Health System Cor-poration, Baltimore, Maryland. TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS REPORT Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 2016 Trafficking in Per-sons Report, after receiving testimony from Susan Coppedge, Ambassador-at-Large, Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons, Department of State. PUBLIC–PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS IN FOREIGN AID Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on State Department and USAID Management, International Operations, and Bilateral International Development concluded a hearing to examine public-private part-nerships in foreign aid, focusing on leveraging United States assistance for greater impact and sus-tainability, after receiving testimony from Eric G. Postel, Associate Administrator, United States Agen-cy for International Development; Daniel F. Runde, Center for Strategic and International Studies Project on Prosperity and Development, Washington, D.C.; and Michael Goltzman, The Coca-Cola Company, Atlanta, Georgia. FOIA AT FIFTY Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Freedom of Information Act at fifty, focusing on whether the Sunshine Law’s promise has been fulfilled, after receiving testimony from Miriam Nisbet, Founding Director, Office of Government Information Services, National Archives and Records Administration; Rick Blum, Sunshine in Government Initiative, Washington, D.C.; David Cuillier, University of Arizona School of Journalism, Tucson, on behalf of the Society of Professional Jour-nalists Freedom of Information Committee; and Mar-garet B. Kwoka, University of Denver Sturm College of Law, Denver, Colorado. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 18 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5727–5744; and 3 resolutions, H. Res. 821, 823–824, were introduced.
     Pages H4813–14 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4815–16 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5421, to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to apply the exemption from State regulation of se-curities offerings to securities listed on a national se-curity exchange that has listing standards that have been approved by the Commission (H. Rept. 114–684); H.R. 3394, to amend the Terrorism Risk Insur-ance Act of 2002 to allow for the use of certain as-sets of foreign persons and entities to satisfy certain judgments against terrorist parties, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–685); and H. Res. 822, providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the bill (S. 764) to reauthorize and amend the National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JY6.REC D12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D787 July 12, 2016 
Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other pur-poses; providing for consideration of the bill (S. 304) to improve motor vehicle safety by encouraging the sharing of certain information; and waiving a re-quirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions reported from the Committee on Rules (H. Rept. 114–686). 
                                                                                            Page H4813 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Webster (FL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H4663 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:02 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H4670 
Motion to Adjourn: Rejected the Grayson motion to adjourn by a yea-and-nay vote with none voting ‘‘yea’’, 377 voting ‘‘nay’’, and 1 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 404.
                                                      Pages H4672–73 
Motion to Adjourn: Rejected the Grayson motion to adjourn by a yea-and-nay vote with none voting ‘‘yea’’, 362 voting ‘‘nay’’, and 1 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 405.
                                                      Pages H4676–77 
United States Financial System Protection Act of 2016, No 2H2O from Iran Act, and Iran Ac-countability Act of 2016—Rule for consider-ation: The House agreed to H. Res. 820, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4992) to codify regulations relating to transfers of funds involving Iran, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5119) to prohibit the obliga-tion or expenditure of funds available to any Federal department or agency for any fiscal year to purchase or issue a license for the purchase of heavy water produced in Iran; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5631) to hold Iran accountable for its state sponsorship of terrorism and other threatening activities and for its human rights abuses, by a yea- and-nay vote of 237 yeas to 172 nays, Roll No. 409, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and- nay vote of 241 yeas to 174 nays, Roll No. 408. 
                                                                Pages H4678–82, H4688–89 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Tested Ability to Leverage Exceptional National Talent Act of 2016: H.R. 5658, to amend title 5, United States Code, to codify the Presidential Inno-vation Fellows Program, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 409 yeas to 8 nays, Roll No. 410; and 
                                                                Pages H4683–84, H4689–90 
National Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act of 2016: H.R. 5421, amended, to amend the Se-curities Act of 1933 to apply the exemption from State regulation of securities offerings to securities listed on a national security exchange that has listing standards that have been approved by the Commis-sion.                                                                          Pages H4684–86 
Separation of Powers Restoration Act of 2016: The House passed H.R. 4768, to amend title 5, United States Code, with respect to the judicial re-view of agency interpretations of statutory and regu-latory provisions, by a recorded vote of 240 ayes to 171 noes, Roll No. 416. Consideration began yester-day, July 11th.
                                                    Pages H4690–95 
Rejected the Keating motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 169 yeas to 236 nays, Roll No. 415.
                                Pages H4693–94 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the na-ture of judicial review of agency interpretations of statutory and regulatory provisions.’’.
             Page H4695 
Rejected: Johnson (GA) amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 114–641) that was debated on July 11th that sought to exempt from the bill rules issued by the Environmental Protection Agency pertaining to reg-ulation of lead or copper in drinking water (by a re-corded vote of 194 ayes to 223 noes, Roll No. 411); 
                                                                                    Pages H4690–91 
Meeks amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 114–641) that was debated on July 11th that sought to exempt from the bill rules issued by the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development (by a re-corded vote of 174 ayes to 243 noes, Roll No. 412); 
                                                                                            Page H4691 
Johnson (GA) amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 114–641) that was debated on July 11th that sought to exempt from the bill rules issued pursuant to an express grant of authority from Congress (by a recorded vote of 174 ayes to 243 noes, Roll No. 413); and
                                                               Pages H4691–92 
Johnson (GA) amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 114–641) that was debated on July 11th that sought to preserve judicial deference to agency ex-pertise during the review of consumer safety rules issued by the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration (by a recorded vote of 181 ayes to 235 noes, Roll No. 414).
                              Pages H4692–93 
H. Res. 796, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4768) was agreed to Tuesday, July 5th. Supporting the bid of Los Angeles, California to bring the 2024 Summer Olympic Games back to the United States and pledging the cooperation of Congress with respect to that bid: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Con. Res. 142, supporting the bid of Los Angeles, California to bring the 2024 Summer Olympic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JY6.REC D12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD788 July 12, 2016 
Games back to the United States and pledging the cooperation of Congress with respect to that bid. 
                                                                                    Pages H4695–96 
Recognizing the 50th anniversary of Singaporean independence and reaffirming Singapore’s close partnership with the United States: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Res. 374, as amended by Representative Royce, rec-ognizing the 50th anniversary of Singaporean inde-pendence and reaffirming Singapore’s close partner-ship with the United States.
                        Pages H4696–97 
Agreed to amend the title as to read: ‘‘Reaffirm-ing Singapore’s strategic partnership with the United States, encompassing broad and robust economic, military-to-military, law enforcement, and counter-terrorism cooperation.’’.
                                          Page H4697 
Clarifying Amendment to Provide Terrorism Victims Equity Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table H.R. 3394, to amend the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 to allow for the use of certain assets of foreign persons and enti-ties to satisfy certain judgments against terrorist par-ties, with the amendment recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary, agreed to said amend-ment, and passed the bill, as amended.
         Page H4697 
Protecting Our Lives by Initiating COPS Expan-sion Act of 2016: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass S. 2840, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds for active shooter training.
                           Pages H4697–98 
Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017: The House began consideration of H.R. 5538, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. Consideration is ex-pected to resume tomorrow, July 13th. 
                               Pages H4698–H4750, H4750–90, H4790–H4812 
Agreed to: Cicilline amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that increases funding for the Operation of the National Park System (ONPS) account by $2,500,000, and decreases funding for the Depart-mental Operations Account for the Department of Interior by $2,500,000;
                                 Pages H4747–48 
Griffith amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that provides a distribution of funds among Appalachian states for reclamation of aban-doned mine lands in conjunction with economic and community development, offset by funds from the Environmental Programs and Management account; 
                                                                                    Pages H4748–49 
Lummis amendment (No. 15 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that increases the EPA’s Inspector General fund by $10,038,000 to bring up to President’s re-quest and decreases the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) Environmental Programs and Man-agement fund by $14,000,000;                  Pages H4756–57 
Gosar amendment (No. 16 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that redirects funds from EPA bureaucracy to the Forest Service Hazardous Fuels account in order to prevent dangerous wildfires;
      Pages H4757–58 
Westerman amendment (No. 17 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that removes funds from the EPA bureaucracy, and places them into the U.S. Forest Service’s Forest and Rangeland Research Account, which funds the Forest Products Laboratory and For-est Inventory and Analysis, among other programs; 
                                                                                    Pages H4758–59 
Johnson (GA) amendment (No. 18 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that ensures implementation of the EPA’s Final Rule on the Disposal of Coal Combus-tion Residuals from Electric Utilities is consistent with Executive Order 12898;
                             Page H4759 
Black amendment (No. 42 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that prohibits the EPA from using funds to implement, administer, or enforce the agency’s ‘‘Phase 2’’ fuel-efficiency and emissions standards, or any rule with respect to glider kits and glider vehi-cles;
                                                                           Pages H4775–76 
Boustany amendment (No. 44 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that prohibits the Secretary of the Interior to implement, administer, or enforce any rule or guidance substantially similar to the proposed guid-ance that the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management made available for public comment on September 22, 2015, regarding financial assurances for oil and gas operations on the Outer Continental Shelf; 
                                                                                    Pages H4777–78 
Ben Ray Luja´n (NM) amendment (No. 21 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that decreases and increases State and Tribal Assistance Grants by $6 million to direct the EPA to work with the affected States and Indian tribes to implement a long-term monitoring program for water quality of the Animas and San Juan Rivers in response to the Gold King Mine spill (by a recorded vote of 219 ayes to 207 noes, Roll No. 427);
                                           Pages H4761–62, H4786–87 
Buck amendment (No. 47 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that prevents the Department of Interior from partnering with private organizations to create or expand national heritage areas in southeast Colo-rado;
                                                                         Pages H4791–92 
Burgess amendment (No. 48 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that restricts funds from being used by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to hire new employees under the Title 42 Special Pay Pro-gram or transfer existing employees into the Title 42 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JY6.REC D12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D789 July 12, 2016 
Special Pay Program authorized for the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS); 
                                                                                    Pages H4792–93 
Byrne amendment (No. 49 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that prohibits any funds from being used to develop or propose legislation to redirect funds al-located from the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act (GOMESA);
                                                          Pages H4793–94 
Cramer amendment (No. 51 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that ensures no funds are provided to fi-nalize or implement the Fish and Wildlife Service rule entitled ‘‘Management of Non-Federal Oil and Gas Rights’’;
                                                        Pages H4795–96 
Crawford amendment (No. 52 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that prohibits the EPA from enforcing or implementing the Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure (SPCC) rule on farming and ranch-ing operations;
                                                            Page H4796 
Crawford amendment (No. 53 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that prohibits the use of funds in support of grassroots advocacy campaigns intended to per-suade the outcome of legislation pending in Con-gress or state legislatures;
                              Pages H4796–97 
Rodney Davis (IL) amendment (No. 54 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that prevents any funds from being used for the Office of Congressional and Inter-governmental Relations at the EPA and reduces the Environmental Programs and Management account by $4,235,000;
                                                   Pages H4797–98 
Gosar amendment (No. 58 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that prohibits the use of funds to imple-ment, administer, or enforce the draft EPA-USGS Technical Report entitled ‘‘Protecting Aquatic Life from Effects of Hydrologic Alteration’’; 
                                                                             Pages H4799–H4800 
Jenkins (WV) amendment (No. 62 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that prohibits funding for the EPA to develop, finalize, promulgate, implement, admin-ister, or enforce any rule under section 112 of the Clean Air Act that applies to glass manufacturers that do not use continuous furnaces;
       Pages H4800–01 
Lamborn amendment (No. 66 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that prohibits the use of funds to imple-ment, administer, or enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Hydraulic Fracturing on Federal and Indian Lands’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H4803–04 
Loudermilk amendment (No. 69 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that prohibits funds from being used to regulate trailers under the Clean Air Act; 
                                                                                            Page H4806 
Lummis amendment (No. 70 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that prohibits funding to finalize, imple-ment, or enforce EPA proposed rulemaking regard-ing in situ uranium production;
                Pages H4806–07 
Westerman amendment (No. 71 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that limits permit inspection regu-lations with respect to the export of squid, octopus, and cuttlefish products;                                  Pages H4807–08 
Newhouse amendment (No. 74 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that prohibits the use of funds by EPA to issue and expand new regulations under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) that would apply to Animal Feeding Operations; and 
                                                                                    Pages H4810–11 
Newhouse amendment (No. 75 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that restores $1,000,000 for the Wolf Livestock Loss Demonstration Program and is offset by reducing funds for EPA Environmental Programs & management by $1,000,000. 
                                                                                    Pages H4811–12 
Rejected: Esty amendment (No. 19 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to direct $10,000,000 to Brownfields projects within State and Tribal Assist-ance Grants (STAG) from Superfund cleanup to help states leverage $18 for $1 expended for the purpose of cleaning up Brownfield properties, such as aban-doned factories or former dry cleaning establish-ments, in their communities;
                      Pages H4759–60 
Cartwright amendment (No. 25 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to strike section 425, which prohibits the EPA from acting on changes to the definition of ‘‘fill material’’ and ‘‘discharge of fill material’’ under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act;
                                                                           Pages H4763–64 
Peters amendment (No. 30 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to strike Section 434 to allow the EPA to regulate ozone-depleting substances under the Significant New Alternatives Policy (SNAP) program to improve public health and fight the root causes of climate change;
                    Page H4767 
Castor (FL) amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to match the budget re-quest for Law Enforcement of the National Wildlife Refuge System (by a recorded vote of 197 ayes to 225 noes, Roll No. 417);
                       Pages H4746, H4780 
Himes amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to Funds the New England National Scenic Trail at $300,000 within the Oper-ation of the National Park System (by a recorded vote of 183 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 418); 
                                                                      Pages H4748, H4780–81 
Ellison amendment (No. 8 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to reprogram already appro-priated funds to create an Office of Good Jobs for the Department of Interior (by a recorded vote of 173 ayes to 251 noes, Roll No. 419); 
                                                                Pages H4750–52, H4781–82 
Norcross amendment (No. 9 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to add $13,060,000 to the Hazardous Substance Superfund (equal to President’s Budget request) and reduces Payments In Lieu of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JY6.REC D12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD790 July 12, 2016 
Taxes by the same amount (by a recorded vote of 143 ayes to 282 noes, Roll No. 420); 
                                                                            Pages H4752, H4782 
Beyer amendment (No. 10 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to strike lines 4 through 19 on page 67 (by a recorded vote of 190 ayes to 235 noes, Roll No. 421);
                    Pages H4752–53, H4782–83 
Huffman amendment (No. 11 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to strike Section 122 (by a re-corded vote of 184 ayes to 240 noes, Roll No. 422); 
                                                                Pages H4753–54, H4783–84 
Castor (FL) amendment (No. 12 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to strike section 124 (by a recorded vote of 186 ayes to 237 noes, Roll No. 423);
                                                 Pages H4754–55, H4784 
Huffman amendment (No. 13 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to strike Section 127 of the Act, which would delay the finalization and imple-mentation of the proposed rule for air quality con-trol, reporting, and compliance in specific offshore areas of the Gulf of Mexico and the Arctic Ocean (by a recorded vote of 181 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 424);
                                                     Pages H4755–56, H4784–85 
Smith (MO) amendment (No. 14 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to eliminate funding for the Air, Climate and Energy Research Program under EPA (by a recorded vote of 208 ayes to 217 noes, Roll No. 425);
                          Pages H4756, H4785–86 
Palmer amendment (No. 20 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to eliminate funding for Die-sel Emission Reduction Grants and sends the savings to the spending reduction account (by a recorded vote of 175 ayes to 250 noes, Roll No. 426); 
                                                                      Pages H4760–61, H4786 
Dingell amendment (No. 22 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to remove language that would exempt a number of potentially damaging ac-tivities in National Forests from consideration, in-cluding public notice and comment and alternatives analysis, under the National Environmental Policy Act (by a recorded vote of 170 ayes to 256 noes, Roll No. 428);
                                 Pages H4762–63, H4787–88 
Cartwright amendment (No. 27 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to strike language that would delay implementation of the EPA Lead Ren-ovation, Repair, and Painting Rule (by a recorded vote of 195 ayes to 231 noes, Roll No. 429); 
                                                                      Pages H4764–65, H4788 
Becerra amendment (No. 28 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to strike section 430 of Inte-rior Appropriations bill for FY 17 (by a recorded vote of 190 ayes to 236 noes, Roll No. 430); 
                                                                Pages H4765–66, H4788–89 Peters amendment (No. 29 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to strike section 431 (by a re-corded vote of 182 ayes to 244 noes, Roll No. 431); 
                                                                      Pages H4766–67, H4789 
Peters amendment (No. 31 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to strike Section 436 to allow federal agencies to use the social cost of carbon in rule makings and guidance documents (by a recorded vote of 185 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 432); and 
                                                                      Pages H4768–69, H4790 
Brat amendment (No. 46 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that sought to sunset Land and Water Conservation Fund grants with states or local gov-ernment units after 20 years.
                              Page H4791 
Withdrawn: Ben Ray Luja´n (NM) amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have decreased and increased funding to the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) by $1 million to require that the BIA to re-port, identify and adjudicate to landowners egress and ingress easements where they do not exist for landowners on land parcels adjudicated under the Pueblo Lands Act of 1924;
                           Pages H4749–50 
Ben Ray Luja´n (NM) amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have decreased and increased funding to the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) by $1 million to require the BIA to update and digitize its inventory of rights-of-way records and to make them publicly available in a commonly used mapping format; and
                                    Page H4750 
Lawrence amendment (No. 26 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have struck Section 427. 
                                                                                            Page H4764 
Proceedings Postponed: Grijalva amendment (No. 32 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that seeks to strike Section 437 of the Act;
                                                                           Pages H4769–70 
Polis amendment (No. 33 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that seeks to strike section 439, regarding methane emissions;
                                           Pages H4770–71 
Lowenthal amendment (No. 34 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that seeks to allow the Interior De-partment to proceed with updating royalty rates and valuation for federal coal, oil, and gas by striking Section 440;
                                                         Pages H4771–72 
McNerney en bloc amendment consisting of the following amendments printed in H. Rept. 114–683: McNerney (No. 35) that seeks to strike section 447; McNerney (No. 36) that seeks to strike section 448; McNerney (No. 37) that seeks to strike section 449; McNerney (No. 38) that seeks to strike section 450; McNerney (No. 39) that seeks to strike 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JY6.REC D12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D791 July 12, 2016 
section 451; and McNerney (No. 40) that seeks to strike section 452;
                                             Pages H4772–74 
Grijalva amendment (No. 41 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that seeks to strike section 453; 
                                                                                    Pages H4774–75 
Blackburn amendment (No. 43 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that seeks to impose a 1 percent across-the-board spending cut to the bill; 
                                                                                    Pages H4776–77 
Boustany amendment (No. 45 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that seeks to ensure that no money is per-mitted for the implementation of the Well Control Rule;
                                                                        Pages H4778–79 
Byrne amendment (No. 50 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that seeks to prohibit funding from being used to implement, administer, or enforce the Obama administration’s National Ocean Policy; 
                                                                                    Pages H4794–95 
Goodlatte amendment (No. 57 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that seeks to prohibit the Environ-mental Protection Agency from using any funds to take retaliatory, or EPA described ‘‘backstop’’ ac-tions, against any of the six states in the Chesapeake Bay Watershed in the event that a state does not meet the goals mandated by the EPA’s Chesapeake Bay Total Maximum Daily Load;
             Pages H4798–99 
Graham amendment (No. 63 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that seeks to ensure none of the funds made available by the Act may be used to research, investigate, or study offshore drilling in the Eastern Gulf of Mexico Planning Area;
                          Page H4801 
King (IA) amendment (No. 64 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that seeks to ensure that no funds appropriated by this Act can be used to implement, administer, or enforce Davis-Bacon prevailing rate wage requirements;
                                           Pages H4801–03 
Lamborn amendment (No. 67 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that seeks to prohibit the use of funds to implement or enforce the threatened species or en-dangered species listing of any plant or wildlife that has not undergone a periodic 5 year review as re-quired by section 4(c)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973;
                                                         Pages H4804–05 
Lamborn amendment (No. 68 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that seeks to prohibit the use of funds to implement or enforce the threatened species listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse; 
                                                                                    Pages H4805–06 
Murphy (FL) amendment (No. 72 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that seeks to provide that none of the funds from this act shall be used to carry out seismic airgun testing or seismic airgun surveys in the OCS Planning Areas located within the EEZ bordering the State of Florida; and
          Pages H4808–09 
Newhouse amendment (No. 73 printed in H. Rept. 114–683) that seeks to prohibits the use of funds by the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service and the Department of Interior to treat any Gray Wolf in the 48 contiguous states as an endangered or threat-ened species under the Endangered Species Act after June 13, 2017.                                                    Pages H4809–10 
H. Res. 820, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5538) was agreed to by a yea-and- nay vote of 237 yeas to 179 nays, Roll No. 407, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and- nay vote of 236 yeas to 174 nays, Roll No. 406. 
                         Pages H4675–76, H4677–78, H4686–87, H4687–88 
Senate Messages: Message received from the Senate and message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today ap-pears on page H4750. Senate Referral: S. Con. Res. 44 was referred to the Committee on Armed Services.
                          Page H4812 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Eight yea-and-nay votes and twenty-one recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H4673, H4676–77, H4686–87, H4687–88, H4688–89, H4689, H4689–90, H4690–91, H4691, H4691–92, H4692–93, H4694, H4695, H4780, H4780–81, H4781–82, H4782, H4782–83, H4783–84, H4784, H4784–85, H4785–86, H4786, H4786–87, H4787–88, H4788, H4788–89, H4789, and H4790. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 2:09 a.m. on Wednesday, July 13, 2016. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a markup on the State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs Appropriations Bill for FY 2017. The State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Bill for FY 2017 was ordered reported, as amended. STRENGTHENING OUR NATIONAL TRAUMA SYSTEM Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening Our National Trauma System’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Communications Commission’’. Testimony was heard from the fol-lowing Federal Communications Commission offi-cials: Mignon Clyburn, Commissioner; Michael 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JY6.REC D12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD792 July 12, 2016 
O’Rielly, Commissioner; Ajit Pai, Commissioner; Jessica Rosenworcel, Commissioner; and Tom Wheeler, Chairman. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 5510, the ‘‘FTC Process and Transparency Reform Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5111, the ‘‘Consumer Review Fairness Act’’; H.R. 5092, the ‘‘Reinforcing American Made Products Act’’; H.R. 5104, the ‘‘Better Online Ticket Sales (BOTS) Act’’; H.R. 1301, the ‘‘Amateur Radio Parity Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Strengthening Public Health Emergency Response Act of 2015’’; H.R. 921, the ‘‘Sports Medicine Licensure Clarity Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 670, the ‘‘Special Needs Trust Fairness Act of 2015’’. MAKING A FINANCIAL CHOICE: MORE CAPITAL OR MORE GOVERNMENT CONTROL? Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Making a Financial Choice: More Capital or More Government Control?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING THE OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES WITH FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGY: THE DEVELOPMENT OF ONLINE MARKETPLACE LENDING Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Opportunities and Challenges with Financial Technology (‘FinTech’): The Development of Online Marketplace Lending’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. HUMAN RIGHTS UNDER SIEGE WORLDWIDE Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Human Rights Under Siege Worldwide’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. PAKISTAN: FRIEND OR FOE IN THE FIGHT AGAINST TERRORISM? Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade; and Sub-committee on Asia and the Pacific, held a joint hear-ing entitled ‘‘Pakistan: Friend or Foe in the Fight Against Terrorism?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ACCOUNTABILITY OVER POLITICS: SCRUTINIZING THE TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS REPORT Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ac-countability Over Politics: Scrutinizing the Traf-ficking in Persons Report’’. Testimony was heard from Susan Coppedge, Ambassador-at-Large to Mon-itor and Combat Trafficking in Persons, Department of State; and a public witness. VALUE OF DHS’ VULNERABILITY ASSESSMENTS IN PROTECTING OUR NATION’S CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies held a hearing entitled ‘‘Value of DHS’ Vulnerability Assessments in Protecting our Nation’s Critical Infrastructure’’. Testimony was heard from Chris P. Currie, Director, Homeland Security and Justice Issues, Government Accountability Office; Andy Ozment, Assistant Secretary, Office of Cyber-security and Communications, National Protection and Programs Directorate, Department of Homeland Security; Caitlin Durkovich, Assistant Secretary, Of-fice of Infrastructure Protection, National Protection and Programs Directorate, Department of Homeland Security; and Marcus L. Brown, Homeland Security Advisor, Director of the Office of Homeland Secu-rity, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. OVERSIGHT OF THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Department of Justice’’. Testimony was heard from Loretta Lynch, Attorney General, Department of Justice. EXECUTIVE OVERREACH IN REGULATORY ENFORCEMENT AND INFRASTRUCTURE Committee on the Judiciary: Task Force on Executive Overreach held a hearing entitled ‘‘Executive Over-reach in Regulatory Enforcement and Infrastructure’’. Testimony was heard from Gary Ridley, Oklahoma Secretary of Transportation; and public witnesses. CHANGING DEMANDS AND WATER SUPPLY UNCERTAINTY IN CALIFORNIA Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing entitled ‘‘Changing Demands and Water Supply Uncertainty in California’’. Testimony was heard from David Murillo, Mid-Pacific Regional Director, Bureau of Reclamation, Department of the Interior; and public witnesses. OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES OF DEVELOPING THE MANCOS SHALE RESOURCE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JY6.REC D12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D793 July 12, 2016 
‘‘Opportunities and Challenges of Developing the Mancos Shale Resource’’. Testimony was heard from Walter Guidroz, Program Coordinator, Energy Re-sources Program, U.S. Geological Survey; Rose Pugliese, Commissioner, Mesa County, Grand Junc-tion, Colorado; and public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-dian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing on H.R. 5406, the ‘‘Helping Ensure Account-ability, Leadership, and Trust in Tribal Healthcare Act’’. Testimony was heard from Representative Noem; Mary Smith, Principal Deputy Director, In-dian Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 1157, the ‘‘Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians Land Transfer Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2333, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire certain property related to the Fort Scott National Historic Site in Fort Scott, Kan-sas; H.R. 2817, the ‘‘National Historic Preservation Amendments Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4576, the ‘‘Ensur-ing Access to Pacific Fisheries Act’’; H.R. 5468, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to allow for pre-payment of repayment obligations under Repayment Contracts between the United States and the Weber Basin Water Conservancy District; H.R. 5577, the ‘‘Innovation in Offshore Leasing Act’’; S. 246, the ‘‘Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commis-sion on Native Children Act’’; and S. 1579, the ‘‘Native American Tourism and Improving Visitor Experience Act’’. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY AND H.R. 2802, THE FIRST AMENDMENT DEFENSE ACT Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Religious Lib-erty and H.R. 2802, the First Amendment Defense Act (FADA)’’. Testimony was heard from Senator Lee; Representative Labrador; Former Representative Barney Frank; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 2319, the ‘‘Elec-tronic Message Preservation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 5037, the ‘‘District of Columbia Courts and Public Defender Service Voluntary Separation Incentive Pay-ments Act’’; H.R. 5341, to amend title 5, United States Code, to recalculate annuity benefits for cer-tain air traffic controllers, and for other purposes; H.R. 5714, the ‘‘Postal Service Reform Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5707, the ‘‘Postal Service Financial Im-provement Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5709, the ‘‘Federal Records Modernization Act’’; H.R. 5690, the ‘‘GAO Access and Oversight Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5341, to amend title 5, United States Code, to recalculate an-nuity benefits for certain air traffic controllers, and for other purposes; H.R. 5687, the ‘‘GAO Mandates Revision Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5033, the ‘‘Getting Results through Enhanced Accountability and Trans-parency Act of 2016’’; H.R. 4419, the ‘‘District of Columbia Judicial Financial Transparency Act’’; H.R. 4887, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 23323 Shelby Road in Shelby, Indiana, as the ‘‘Richard Allen Cable Post Office’’; H.R. 5356, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 14231 TX–150 in Coldspring, Texas, as the ‘‘E. Marie Youngblood Post Office’’; H.R. 5612, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 2886 Sandy Plains Road in Marietta, Geor-gia, as the ‘‘Marine Lance Corporal Squire ‘Skip’ Wells Post Office Building’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 5037, H.R. 5033, and H.R. 4419. The following bills were or-dered reported, without amendment: H.R. 2319, H.R. 5341, H.R. 5714, H.R. 5707, H.R. 5709, H.R. 5690, H.R. 5341, H.R. 5687, H.R. 4887, H.R. 5356, and H.R. 5612. MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY WHISTLEBLOWER ACT; SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE HOUSE AMENDMENT TO A SENATE BILL TO REAUTHORIZE AND AMEND THE NATIONAL SEA GRANT COLLEGE PROGRAM ACT, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on S. 304, the ‘‘Motor Vehicle Safety Whistleblower Act’’; and the Senate amendment to the House amendment to S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. The committee granted, by voice vote, a rule that provides for the consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to S. 764. The rule makes in order a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Agriculture or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House Amendment to S. 764. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the motion. The rule provides that the Sen-ate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The rule provides one hour of debate on the motion equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Agriculture. Additionally, the rule grants a closed rule for S. 304. The rule provides one hour of debate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JY6.REC D12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD794 July 12, 2016 
equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule pro-vides that an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–61 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Lastly, the rule waives clause 6(a) of rule XIII (requiring a two- thirds vote to consider a rule on the same day it is reported from the Rules Committee) against any res-olution reported on the legislative day of July 14, 2016 or July 15, 2016. Testimony was heard from Chairman Conaway, and Representatives Pitts, Scha-kowsky, Black, and Peterson. ASTRONOMY, ASTROPHYSICS, AND ASTROBIOLOGY Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Space; and Subcommittee on Research and Technology, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘As-tronomy, Astrophysics, and Astrobiology’’. Testi-mony was heard from Paul Hertz, Director, Astro-physics Division, National Aeronautics and Space Administration; Jim Ulvestad, Director, Division of Astronomical Sciences, National Science Foundation; and public witnesses. READY FOR LIFTOFF: THE IMPORTANCE OF SMALL BUSINESSES IN THE NASA SUPPLY CHAIN Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Energy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ready for Liftoff: The Importance of Small Busi-nesses in the NASA Supply Chain’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. COAST GUARD ARCTIC IMPLEMENTATION CAPABILITIES Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation held a hearing entitled ‘‘Coast Guard Arctic Implementation Capabilities’’. Testimony was heard from Admiral Charles Michel, Vice Commandant, U.S. Coast Guard; Allison Stiller, Principal Civilian Deputy to the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Re-search, Development and Acquisition, U.S. Navy, Department of Defense; Jennifer Grover, Director, Homeland Security and Justice Issues, Government Accountability Office; and Ronald O’Rourke, Spe-cialist in Naval Affairs, Congressional Research Serv-ice; and public witnesses. RISING COSTS OF HEALTH INSURANCE PREMIUMS UNDER THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a hearing on the rising costs of health insurance pre-miums under the Affordable Care Act. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
ENCOURAGING ENTREPRENEURSHIP Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a hearing to examine encouraging entrepreneurship, focusing on growing business, not bureaucracy, after receiving testimony from Tim Kane, Stanford Uni-versity Hoover Institution, Stanford, California; Tom Walker, Rev1 Ventures, and Jamie Richardson, White Castle System, Inc., on behalf of the National Restaurant Association, both of Columbus, Ohio; and Carla Harris, Morgan Stanley, New York, New York, on behalf of the National Women’s Business Council. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JULY 13, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for the nu-clear cruise missile, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to exam-ine a review of the Department of Veterans Affairs’ elec-tronic health record (VistA), progress toward interoper-ability with the Department of Defense’s electronic health record, and plans for the future, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, to hold closed hearings to examine proposed budget esti-mates and justification for the nuclear cruise missile, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness, to hold hearings to examine NASA at a crossroads, focusing on reasserting American leadership in space exploration, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: business meeting to consider S. 718, to modify the boundary of Petersburg National Battlefield in the Commonwealth of Virginia, S. 814, to provide for the conveyance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon to the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, S. 815, to provide for the conveyance of certain Federal land in the State of Oregon to the Cow Creek Band of Ump-qua Tribe of Indians, S. 1007, to amend the Dayton Aviation Heritage Preservation Act of 1992 to rename a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JY6.REC D12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D795 July 12, 2016 site of the Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park, S. 1167, to modify the boundaries of the Pole Creek Wilderness, the Owyhee River Wilderness, and the North Fork Owyhee Wilderness and to authorize the con-tinued use of motorized vehicles for livestock monitoring, herding, and grazing in certain wilderness areas in the State of Idaho, S. 1448, to designate the Frank Moore Wild Steelhead Sanctuary in the State of Oregon, S. 1577, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to des-ignate certain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 1623, to establish the Maritime Wash-ington National Heritage Area in the State of Wash-ington, S. 1662, to include Livingston County, the city of Jonesboro in Union County, and the city of Freeport in Stephenson County, Illinois, to the Lincoln National Heritage Area, S. 1690, to establish the Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington, S. 1696, to redesignate the Ocmulgee Na-tional Monument in the State of Georgia, to revise the boundary of that monument, S. 1699, to designate cer-tain land administered by the Bureau of Land Manage-ment and the Forest Service in the State of Oregon as wilderness and national recreation areas and to make ad-ditional wild and scenic river designations in the State of Oregon, S. 1777, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to authorize the Secretary of Agriculture to maintain or replace certain facilities and structures for commercial recreation services at Smith Gulch in Idaho, S. 1930, to adjust the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, S. 1943, to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in the State of Ten-nessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park Sys-tem, S. 1993, to establish the 21st Century Conservation Service Corps to place youth and veterans in the United States in national service positions to protect, restore, and enhance the great outdoors of the United States, S. 2018, to convey, without consideration, the reversionary inter-ests of the United States in and to certain non-Federal land in Glennallen, Alaska, S. 2087, to modify the boundary of the Fort Scott National Historic Site in the State of Kansas, S. 2177 and H.R. 959, bills to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, S. 2223, to transfer administrative jurisdic-tion over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Ceme-tery, S. 2309, to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish within the National Park Service the U.S. Civil Rights Network, S. 2360, to improve the administration of certain programs in the insular areas, S. 2379, to pro-vide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by the city of Tucson, Arizona, for purposes of economic development by conveyance of the Federal re-versionary interest to the City, S. 2383, to withdraw cer-tain Bureau of Land Management land in the State of Utah from all forms of public appropriation, to provide for the shared management of the withdrawn land by the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Air Force to facilitate enhanced weapons testing and pilot training, enhance public safety, and provide for continued public access to the withdrawn land, to provide for the exchange of certain Federal land and State land, S. 2412, to establish the Tule Lake National Historic Site in the State of California, S. 2524, to insure adequate use and access to the existing Bolts Ditch headgate and ditch seg-ment within the Holy Cross Wilderness in Eagle County, Colorado, S. 2548, to establish the 400 Years of African- American History Commission, S. 2608, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to place signage on Federal land along the trail known as the ‘‘American Discovery Trail’’, S. 2616, to modify certain cost-sharing and revenue provisions relating to the Arkansas Valley Conduit, Colorado, S. 2620, to facilitate the addition of park administration at the Coltsville Na-tional Historical Park, S. 2805, to modify the boundary of Voyageurs National Park in the State of Minnesota, S. 2839 and H.R. 3004, bills to amend the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Act to extend the authorization for the Gullah/Geechee Cultural Heritage Corridor Commission, S. 2902, to provide for long-term water supplies, optimal use of existing water supply infrastructure, and protection of existing water rights, S. 2954, to establish the Ste. Genevieve National Historic Site in the State of Missouri, S. 3020, to update the map of, and modify the acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds Na-tional Monument, S. 3027, to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, S. 3028, to redesignate the Olym-pic Wilderness as the Daniel J. Evans Wilderness, H.R. 1289, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California, H.R. 2288, to remove the use restrictions on certain land transferred to Rockingham County, Virginia, H.R. 1475, to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Ko-rean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund that Wall of Remembrance, H.R. 2615, to establish the Virgin Islands of the United States Centennial Commission, H.R. 2880, to redesignate the Martin Luther King, Junior, National Historic Site in the State of Georgia, H.R. 3620, to amend the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serving residents of municipalities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap Na-tional Recreation Area, and H.R. 4119, to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jackson County, Mississippi, between the Na-tional Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, 9:30 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, focusing on ensuring successful implementation of physi-cian payment reforms, 10 a.m., SD–215. Subcommittee on Health Care, to hold hearings to ex-amine Alzheimer’s disease, focusing on the struggle for families and a looming crisis for Medicare, 2:30 p.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine United States policy options 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JY6.REC D12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD796 July 12, 2016 in the South China Sea; to be immediately followed by a Full Committee hearing to examine the nominations of Sung Y. Kim, of California, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of the Philippines, Rena Bitter, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Lao People’s Democratic Republic, and Kamala Shirin Lakhdhir, of Connecticut, to be Am-bassador to Malaysia, all of the Department of State, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine Zika in the Western Hemisphere, focusing on risks and re-sponse, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine campus safety, focusing on im-proving prevention and response efforts, 2:45 p.m., SD–106. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Lucy Haeran Koh, of California, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, Flor-ence Y. Pan, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia, and Danny C. Reeves, of Kentucky, to be a Member of the United States Sentencing Commis-sion, 10 a.m., SD–226. Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hear-ings to examine researching the potential medical benefits and risks of marijuana, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Examining the CFTC’s Proposed Rule: Regulation Automated Trading’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Bill for FY 2017; and Report on the Revised Interim Suballocation of Budget Alloca-tions for FY 2017, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Air Dominance and the Critical Role of Fifth Generation Fighters’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the European Reassurance Initia-tive’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Restoring the Trust for Americans at or Near Re-tirement’’, 9:30 a.m., 210 Cannon. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5510, the ‘‘FTC Process and Trans-parency Reform Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5111, the ‘‘Con-sumer Review Fairness Act’’; H.R. 5092, the ‘‘Rein-forcing American Made Products Act’’; H.R. 5104, the ‘‘Better Online Ticket Sales (BOTS) Act’’; H.R. 1301, the ‘‘Amateur Radio Parity Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Strengthening Public Health Emergency Response Act of 2015’’; H.R. 921, the ‘‘Sports Medicine Licensure Clar-ity Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 670, the ‘‘Special Needs Trust Fairness Act of 2015’’ (continued), 2 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Oversight of CERCLA Implementation’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Health Care Apps’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘HUD Accountability’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5729, to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from issuing certain licenses in connection with the export or re-export of a commer-cial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran, to require annual reports by the Secretary of the Treasury and the Export-Import Bank on financing issues related to the sale or lease of such a commercial passenger aircraft or spare parts for such an aircraft, and for other purposes; H.R. 5711, to prohibit the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing certain transactions by a U.S. financial insti-tution in connection with the export or re-export of a commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran, and for other purposes; and H.R. 5715, the ‘‘No Ex-Im Assistance for Terrorism Act’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Ray-burn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Countering the Virtual Caliphate: The State De-partment’s Performance’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘Turkey’s Democratic Decline’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Castro Regime’s Ongoing Violations of Civil and Political Rights’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘Counterintelligence and Insider Threats: How Prepared Is the Department of Homeland Security?’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 68, the ‘‘Juvenile Accountability Block Grant Reau-thorization and the Bullying Prevention and Intervention Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 4602, the ‘‘Justice for All Reau-thorization Act of 2016’’, 11 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1157, the ‘‘Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mis-sion Indians Land Transfer Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2333, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire certain property related to the Fort Scott National Historic Site in Fort Scott, Kansas; H.R. 2817, the ‘‘National Historic Preservation Amendments Act of 2015’’; H.R. 4576, the ‘‘Ensuring Access to Pacific Fisheries Act’’; H.R. 5468, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to allow for prepay-ment of repayment obligations under Repayment Con-tracts between the United States and the Weber Basin Water Conservancy District; H.R. 5577, the ‘‘Innovation in Offshore Leasing Act’’; S. 246, the ‘‘Alyce Spotted Bear and Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children Act’’; and S. 1579, the ‘‘Native American Tourism and Improving Visitor Experience Act’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JY6.REC D12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D797 July 12, 2016 Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-ing on H.R. 2663, the ‘‘Public Land Renewable Energy Development Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the FDIC Applica-tion Process’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on National Security, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Digital Acts of War: Evolving the Cybersecurity Con-versation’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits and Adminis-trative Rules, hearing entitled ‘‘From Premium Increases to Failing Co-ops: An Obamacare Checkup’’, 2 p.m., 2247 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘TBI Claims: VA’s Failure to Provide Adequate Examina-tions’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Expanding U.S. Digital Trade and Eliminating Barriers to U.S. Digital Exports’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5659, the ‘‘Expand-ing Seniors Receiving Dialysis Choice Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5713, the ‘‘Sustaining Healthcare Integrity and Fair Treatment Act of 2016’’; H.R. 3608, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt amounts paid for aircraft management services from the excise taxes im-posed on transportation by air; H.R. 5320, the ‘‘Social Security Must Avert Identity Loss (MAIL) Act of 2016’’; H.R. 711, the ‘‘Equal Treatment of Public Servants Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JY6.REC D12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD798 July 12, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, July 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the conference report to accompany S. 524, Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the conference report to ac-company the bill at 11 a.m. Following disposition of the conference report to ac-company S. 524, Senate will begin consideration of the House message to accompany H.R. 636, Federal Aviation Administration Reauthorization Act, and vote on the House message to accompany the bill at approximately 1:45 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, July 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of S. 304— ‘‘Conscience Protection Act of 2016 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 5119—No 2 H2O from Iran Act. Complete consideration of H.R. 558—Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2017. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E1092 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1089 Buchanan, Vern, Fla., E1091 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1092 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1089 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1094 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E1093 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1090 Garamendi, John, Calif., E1087 Graham, Gwen, Fla., E1092 Grayson, Alan, Fla., E1087, E1088, E1089, E1090, E1091, E1092, E1094 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1095 Herrera Beutler, Jaime, Wash., E1095 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1089 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1095 Katko, John, N.Y., E1090 Larsen, Rick, Wash., E1087 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1093 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E1089, E1094 Murphy, Tim, Pa., E1089 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1090, E1095 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1090 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E1088 Pompeo, Mike, Kans., E1090 Scott, Austin, Ga., E1088, E1094 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1087 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1094 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1088 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:41 Jul 13, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D12JY6.REC D12JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST