Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3391 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 6, 2016 No. 88 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, June 7, 2016, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , JUNE6, 2016 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable T
OM C
OTTON , a Senator from the State of Arkansas. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. To You, O Lord, we lift our hearts, for we trust You to guide our lives. Show us the path where we should walk; point out the right road for us to follow. Lead our lawmakers by Your truth, as they put their hope in You. Lord, give them the humility to accept Your guidance so that with reverence they may arrive at Your desired des-tination. Hear their silent prayers, as they give their time and strength to keep America strong. Kindle in their hearts a flame of devotion to freedom’s cause in our Nation and world. Lord, on this 72nd anniversary of D- day, we thank You for the courage and self-sacrifice that paid the price for our freedom. We pray in Your sovereign Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, June 6, 2016. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable T
OMCOTTON , a Sen- ator from the State of Arkansas, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. COTTON thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
DONALD TRUMP AND THE REPUBLICAN LEADER Mr. REID. Mr. President, today the Senate is returning from a 10-day re-cess, but even though the Republicans took 10 days off, the Zika virus did not. Last week a child was born in New Jersey with severe birth defects caused by the Zika virus. Thousands of our citizens are exposed to Zika now, today, but the problem will only get worse. Zika is a problem that is here and is not going away quickly. As the weather continues to warm and the mosquitoes become more active, it will inevitably cause local transmission. The number of infected Americans will skyrocket. In light of the threat posed by Zika, one would expect Republicans to spend their break working on an emergency spending bill to send to the President’s desk with the full amount, $1.9 billion. They did not. Instead, Republicans spent their recess boasting their Re-publican standard bearer, Donald Trump. The Republican Party’s capitu-lation to Donald Trump is complete. As headlined last week in the Washington Post, ‘‘It’s official: The GOP is now the Party of Trump.’’ I was especially disappointed to see that our senior Senator from Kentucky personally led this pro-Trump propa-ganda tour. Senator MCCONNELL spent last week as Donald Trump’s head cheerleader, a trumpet. The Republican leader left Washington 10 days ago without doing his job on Zika so he could stump for Trump. In the last 10 days, it has become clear that Senator M
CCONNELL will go to any length to support Donald Trump. Consider the Republican leader’s re-fusal to denounce Donald Trump’s rac-ist attack on U.S. District Court Judge Curiel, a man born in Indiana—in the United States. Donald Trump opined a Federal judge should be disqualified from presiding on his case because of his Mexican heritage. He went even further in saying he would feel the same way if the judge were Muslim. How did the Republican leader re-spond? Senator M
CCONNELL repeatedly refused to say Donald Trump’s attacks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.000 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3392 June 6, 2016 
on Judge Curiel’s ethnicity are racist. This is precisely the type of failure that gave rise to Donald Trump in the first place. Senator M
CCONNELL and all congres-sional leaders have never taken a stand against Trump’s vile rhetoric. That is because the hate emanating from Trump’s mouth reflects the Republican Party’s agenda in the U.S. Senate for the last 7
1⁄2years—the agenda Senator M
CCONNELL himself promoted. For years Senator M
CCONNELL and other Republican leaders embraced the dark-est elements within their party. The Republican Party made anti-woman, anti-Latino, anti-Muslim, anti-immi-grant, and anti-Obama policies the norm. Trump is the logical conclusion of what Republican leaders have been saying and doing for the past 7
1⁄2years. By refusing to denounce Trump’s at-tack on a Federal judge for the racism it clearly connotes, it shows Senator M
CCONNELL is the poster boy for Re-publicans’ spinelessness that allowed Donald Trump to be the Republican nominee for President of the United States. I have made this argument for months. I am not the only one making it now. Now, even some Republicans are joining me. The conservative blog ‘‘RedState’’ railed against Senator M
CCONNELL ’s refusal to condemn Trump’s racist attacks. The conservative blog ‘‘RedState’’ said this: ‘‘[Senator M
CCONNELL ] fell back to the last coward’s refuge: we have to support Trump because he won the primary.’’ The junior Senator from Nebraska, Mr. S
ASSE, a Republican, is willing to say what Senator M
CCONNELL will not. What he is saying today and he tweeted was: ‘‘Public Service Announcement: Saying someone can’t do a specific job because of his or her race is the literal definition of ‘racism.’’’ Newt Gingrich, former Republican Speaker of the House, called Trump’s comments ‘‘inexcusable.’’ There are others. But for his part, Senator M
CCONNELL is doubling down on Trump. The Republican leader is wag-ing a nonstop campaign to persuade any Republicans who have doubts about supporting Trump to drop their complaints and fall in line. The Repub-lican leader even went so far—listen to this—as to compare Donald Trump as comparable to President Dwight Eisen-hower, to GEN Dwight Eisenhower. Donald Trump is a failed business-man who bilked millions of Americans out of their hard-earned money. No wonder he will not release his tax re-turns. Trump doesn’t deserve to be mentioned in the same breath as Presi-dent Eisenhower, who led the Allied forces in World War II and, among other things, integrated America’s schools. Comparing Eisenhower to Trump? Give us a break. Donald Trump is the converse of all for which leaders such as Eisenhower, Lincoln, Roosevelt, and Ronald Reagan stood. They stood for equality, fair-ness, and decency. Trump and McCon-nell obviously do not. Donald Trump stands for hatred and stands for divi-sion. Senator MCCONNELL also defended Trump’s temperament, reassuring ev-eryone that as President, Donald Trump ‘‘would be fine.’’ That is what he said. That is a quote. The Republican leader also extolled Trump’s intelligence. Senator M
CCON-
NELL even claimed the Republican Party is ‘‘at an all-time high,’’ with Trump at its helm. That is how the Re-publican leader spent last week. He wasn’t fighting for resources to stop the spread of Zika. He was leading the cheers as he stumped for Trump. Senator M
CCONNELL was doing zero for the 100,000 poisoned residents of Flint, MI. Senator M
CCONNELL was doing zero to fund our Nation’s re-sponse to the opioid epidemic. It is ter-rible. The Republican leader was too busy being a trumpet for Trump, and now that he has firmly entrenched himself in Trump’s corner, I can’t help but wonder just how far Senator M
CCONNELL ’s support extends. For ex-ample, were Donald’s Trump’s com-ments about Judge Curiel racist, as the Senator from Nebraska said? Senator M
CCONNELL wouldn’t answer that ques-tion yesterday. He had numerous op-portunities to do it. So I will give him another opportunity today. There are other questions the Repub-lican leader needs to answer. Does he believe a Federal judge should be dis-qualified because of his Mexican herit-age? Does he believe these attacks are acceptable for a man who wants to be President of our great country? Does he agree judges should face a religious test? Senator M
CCONNELL said last week: ‘‘We know that Donald Trump will make the right kind of Supreme Court appointments.’’ After Donald Trump’s latest attacks on the judiciary, does he truly believe Trump is the right man to pick nominees to our Nation’s high-est Court? The Republican leader defended Trump’s temperament, saying he ‘‘would be fine’’ as President. I ask the Senator from Kentucky, is it fine when Donald Trump calls women pigs and dogs? Is it fine when Trump calls immi-grants rapists and murderers? Is it fine that his party’s Presidential candidate urges violence at rallies? These are not rhetorical questions. The Republican leader has so fully embraced Donald Trump that we are all unclear as to where Trump’s plat-form ends and the Senate Republicans’ begins. If Republicans think a man who believes in religious and ethnic tests for Federal judges is fit to be President of the United States, they must explain why this is acceptable. The Nation has a right to know how far Senate Repub-licans’ support of Donald Trump ex-tends, and that starts with the Repub-lican leader because now there doesn’t appear to be any daylight between Donald Trump and Senator M
CCON-
NELL . I yield the floor. RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. f 
MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 4 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 3011 Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I understand there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3011) to improve the account-ability, efficiency, transparency, and overall effectiveness of the Federal Government. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
TEXAS FLOODING Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, any-body who has been watching the na-tional news—and particularly the weather—knows we have been having some serious flooding back home in Texas. Tragically, we lost nine soldiers from Fort Hood in a very unfortunate drowning incident as part of that flood-ing. These soldiers were in the midst of a training mission when their vehicle got stuck in a flooded creek. I know I speak for a lot of people when I say my prayers and condolences are with the Fort Hood family and the families of these lost soldiers. I know from experience that the Fort Hood community is a resilient one and, unfortunately, has seen more than its fair share of tragedy in recent years. But I also know the community there in Killeen, along with the entire State and Nation, will continue to offer sup-port for our men and women in uni-form, and particularly for those who have lost loved ones and those who are recovering in the days ahead. Amidst the sad news, I have been continually thankful for the hard work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.001 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3393 June 6, 2016 
and dedication of our first responders, who have devoted their lives to saving others. It is at times like these, when they rise to the occasion, that I am particularly grateful for their service. As you might expect, my staff and I are in close contact with local officials across the State of Texas in the more than 30 counties where Governor Ab-bott has declared a disaster. We will be working with the Governor as they pre-pare to assess the damage on the ground and determine what sort of Federal resources are necessary to help people rebuild. Should Governor Ab-bott request a formal Federal declara-tion of disaster for the affected coun-ties, I intend to do everything I can to help get such a request granted and to make sure these Texans have what they need to recover as quickly as pos-sible. 
f 
MEMORIAL DAY, NATIONAL DE-FENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL, AND FOREIGN POLICY Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, on a happier note, during this last week, we had the occasion to celebrate Memorial Day, a day of remembrance. I know many of us had a chance to spend time with true American heroes—the vet-erans, the Active-Duty military mem-bers and their families—to remember the fallen on Memorial Day. I had a particularly delightful occa-sion this Memorial Day to spend time with about 115 high school graduates from across Texas as part of a sendoff ceremony as they prepare to head to our Nation’s military academies. We have been doing this every year for 10 years. As I always tell people: If you are a little down, if you are in a bad mood or feeling a little depressed, all you need to do is be around these won-derful young men and women who are really mature beyond their years and who aspire not only to attend our Na-tion’s service academies but to be the next generation of military leaders. They truly are the best and the bright-est. It was also great to provide an occa-sion for these young people and their families to be there and hear from in-spirational leaders such as COL Bruce Crandall, a Medal of Honor winner from the Vietnam war. So in remembering this last week the service of so many people in defense of our Nation and these young people who I just mentioned on Memorial Day and our academy sendoff, it is appropriate that we return to the Senate this week to finish the national defense author-ization bill, legislation that will pro-vide our military men and women with the resources they need in order to pro-tect and defend our country. This is an absolutely critical piece of legislation and one that Congress has passed each year for some 50 years- plus. If anyone doubts that, all they need to do is ask Chairman M
CCAINbe-cause he will remind us every chance he gets that this is must-pass-every- year legislation and something that has become a tradition—a good tradi-tion—for the Senate. This bill was passed out of the Armed Services Committee with over-whelming bipartisan support. Not a single Democrat voted against the leg-islation, and before Memorial Day, the Senate voted unanimously to move this legislation forward—98 yes and 0 no votes. Despite this being a clear bipartisan priority, we have been stuck and mired down for no real reason, frankly, be-cause of objections from the other side of the aisle. The minority leader has chosen to use every tactic and every tool available to him to slow this down. Frankly, this is not acceptable. The Defense authorization bill provides critical resources to our military. It will give our men and women in uni-form a modest pay raise and support critical training and equipment mod-ernization efforts. And it ensures that future generations of military leaders have the support they need. I don’t know what happened at Fort Hood when these nine soldiers drowned, but I hope it doesn’t have anything to do with their lack of adequate training under these circumstances. What we need to do as part of our duty in the Senate is to get our work done and to pass the Defense authorization bill so there is not even a suspicion or hint of lack of adequate training or prepara-tion by our military members that leads to tragedy. At a time when we face instability at every turn and our military is con-fronting evolving and constant threats, political posturing is not appropriate. In fact, it is dangerous. Unfortunately, this is a product of misguided foreign policy choices made by this adminis-tration over the last 8 years. It has put our country and our military at great-er risk. Our enemies have become emboldened and our allies’ confidence has been shaken. Instead of recognizing the growing threats our military men and women face every day, the President tries to diminish them, calling ISIS the ‘‘JV team.’’ This is a terrorist group that continues its reign of violence across Iraq and Syria and continues to grow in strength across North Africa. Words matter. When President Obama and former Secretary of State, Secretary Clinton, refused to attribute terrorism to radical Islam, it sent a message. And when the Obama admin-istration and its allies ignore the re-ality of the enemy we are facing, our men and women in uniform are at greater risk of not having the full re-sources they need in order to defend U.S. interests at home and abroad. A few weeks ago, I had the chance to visit with U.S. soldiers in the Middle East and to get a good glimpse of the reality on the ground that the adminis-tration seems to be lacking. I heard firsthand about the threats they face every day from ISIS-affiliated groups. That danger is growing, not receding. There is no doubt in my mind that this growing ISIS presence correlates with gaps in our foreign policy under the Obama administration. This is par-ticularly clear in Libya, where the Obama administration’s failure in 2011 left a gaping hole of power—another failed state in the Middle East, which, as we have seen before, becomes a power vacuum that attracts foreign fighters and other people who want to use that to leap into Europe and com-mit acts of terror, either there or in the United States. After Secretary Clinton pushed to re-move Muammar Qadhafi, she pre-maturely heralded this intervention as her signature achievement as Sec-retary of State. This is something President Obama now admits was a mistake. She calls it her signature achievement as Secretary of State. Yet the vacuum created by the United States’ retreating in the region has only led to more chaos, and the ISIS fighters and recruiters have quickly filled the space, as I said a mo-ment ago. The Financial Times even called it ‘‘a mess no one should think will be resolved by the current UN- backed peace process.’’ This chaos doesn’t just give terrorism a foothold; it provides a strategic launch point for terrorist attacks, directly across the Mediterranean from Europe. In 2011, when the Obama administra-tion, lacking any coherent, long-term strategy, decided to lead from behind in Libya, I strongly opposed that deci-sion. While I can’t say the same for others I have served with in the Sen-ate, I have been proud to vote against premature troop withdrawals from volatile regions, as in Iraq, following the surge, which the chairman of the Armed Services Committee and so many others said was our one last chance in Iraq. To see us now fighting even as trainers and advisers in places such as Fallujah and Ramadi and other places where we have lost young lives to liberate—to see those now squan-dered by a premature exit from Iraq due to the administration’s failure to get a security Status of Forces Agree-ment is just heartbreaking. We know so many did oppose the surge, including then-candidate Obama, but the fact is, it paid off. Now we see all too clearly the consequences of precipitous withdrawal—the squan-dering of hard-earned progress achieved by the surge. Of course, Secretary Clinton defended President Obama’s decision to remove U.S. troops before the region could be stabilized. In fact, when asked about the potential threat of civil war in Iraq by exiting too early, Secretary Clinton simply said, ‘‘Well, let’s find out.’’ Well, we found out, after all. Foreign policy isn’t something we just find out about or make up as we go along. It re-quires thoughtful planning and pur-poseful, intentional action. Of course, Syria is another case study of what can happen when the White House refuses to act decisively 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.003 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3394 June 6, 2016 
and proactively against our adver-saries. Unfortunately, when red lines are crossed with no consequences and when groups like ISIS aren’t treated as the serious threat they are, terrorism can make its way onto U.S. soil. Just consider the attacks in San Bernardino or the multiple attacks on our allies in Europe. Unfortunately, as groups such as ISIS are getting stronger, our friends around the world are increasingly get-ting concerned that the United States doesn’t have their backs. The White House prioritized its courtship with Iran, the No. 1 state sponsor of global terrorism, while choosing to ignore our friends and allies in the region. Turn-ing its back on Israel to give Iran bil-lions of dollars in sanctions relief was a hallmark of President Obama’s ten-ure in the Oval Office, and Secretary Clinton said that she was proud to play a part in crafting that terrible nuclear deal. This simply is not good foreign policy. Why should we choose to re-ward those who have harmed us or threatened us while ignoring our oldest and strongest relationships? The result is what we would pretty much expect: an Iran that is ascendant in the Middle East and growing in belligerence with a nuclear program largely intact. Our actions do speak louder than words, and right now our friends in the Middle East and around the world are losing faith in their relationship with the United States. This is simply a product of failed foreign policy under the Obama-Clinton leadership. I think it is telling that when former President Jimmy Carter, a Democrat, was asked about President Obama’s policies on the world stage, he said, ‘‘I can’t think of many nations in the world where we have a better relationship now than we did when he took over.’’ This is Presi-dent Carter on President Obama’s for-eign relations. He went on to go through a list of countries as examples of where, in his words, ‘‘the United States’ influence and prestige and re-spect in the world is probably lower now than it was six or seven years ago.’’ On that point, I agree with Presi-dent Carter. The foreign policy of this administration is nothing to be proud of. Our job now in the Senate is to reas-sure our allies that the military might of the United States has not fallen by the wayside. One way we can do that is by ensuring our military has the re-sources and funding necessary to re-main a strong emblem of American strength for the rest of the watching world. After delays and obstruction from our friends on the other side of the aisle, I hope we can finally com-plete our work this week on the De-fense authorization bill under the able leadership of Chairman M
CCAIN. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I thank the Senator from Texas for his very compelling statement. Just one example of what the Sen-ator from Texas has referred to is the whole issue of Qadhafi. I would remind my colleague from Texas that we got rid of Qadhafi without losing a single American and then walked away. We walked away from it, and now we see ISIS establishing a strong beachhead— a direct failure of leadership of the Obama administration and the then- Secretary of State. There were many of us, including the Senator from Texas, who said: Look, we have to do a lot of things now that you have gotten rid of Qadhafi. This country has never known democracy; it has no institutions. For example, we could have taken care of their wound-ed. We could have helped them secure their borders. Instead, what did we do? We killed Qadhafi—or his own people killed him. But we set up a scenario that happened and just walked away— just as we walked away from Iraq, just as we are sort of walking away from Afghanistan while the Taliban is start-ing to show success throughout the country. This administration is very good at walking away. Unfortunately, the consequences are attacks on the United States of America and Europe. So I thank the Senator from Texas for his very important statement. f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, it is my pleasure to rise with my friend and colleague from Rhode Island to speak about the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2017. For 54 consecutive years, Congress has passed this vital piece of legisla-tion, which provides our military serv-icemembers with the resources, equip-ment, and training they need to defend the Nation. The NDAA is one of the few bills in Congress that continues to enjoy bipartisan support year after year. That is a testament to this legis-lation’s critical importance to our na-tional security and the high regard with which it is held by the Congress. Last month, the Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee voted 23 to 3—23 to 3— to approve the NDAA, an over-whelming vote that reflects the com-mittee’s proud tradition of bipartisan support for the brave men and women of our Armed Forces. I thank the committee’s ranking member, the Senator from Rhode Is-land, for his months of hard work on the NDAA. It has been a great pleasure to work with him on this legislation, and I remain appreciative of the thoughtfulness and bipartisan spirit with which he approaches our national security. He is a great partner and a great leader. I also thank the majority leader, the Senator from Kentucky, for his com-mitment to bring the NDAA to the Senate floor on time and without delay. It is a testimony to his leader-ship that the Senate will once again consider this bill in regular order with an open amendment process. I am tremendously proud of the Sen-ate Armed Services Committee’s work on this legislation. This year’s NDAA is the most significant piece of defense reform legislation in 30 years. It in-cludes major reforms to the Depart-ment of Defense that can help our mili-tary rise to the challenge of a more dangerous world. The NDAA contains updates to the Pentagon’s organization to prioritize innovation and improve the develop-ment and execution of defense strat-egy. The legislation continues sweep-ing reforms of the defense acquisition system to harness American innova-tion and preserve our military’s tech-nological edge. The NDAA modernizes the military health system to provide military serv-icemembers, retirees, and their fami-lies with higher quality care, better ac-cess to care, and a better experience of care. The NDAA authorizes a pay raise for our troops. It invests in the modern equipment and advanced training they need to meet current and future threats. It helps to restore military readiness with $2 billion for additional training, depot maintenance, and weap-ons sustainment. And it gives our al-lies and partners the support they need to deter aggression and fight terrorism. This is a far-reaching piece of legisla-tion, but there is one challenge it could not address: the dangerous mismatch between growing worldwide threats and arbitrary limits on defense spending that are in current law. This mismatch has very real consequences for the thousands of Americans who serve in uniform and sacrifice on our behalf all around the Nation and the world. Our troops are doing everything we ask of them, but we must ask ourselves: Are we doing everything we can for them? The answer, I say with profound sad-ness, is we are not. Since 2011 the Budget Control Act has imposed arbitrary caps on defense spending. Over the last 5 years, as our military has struggled under the threat of sequestration, the world has only grown more complex and far more dan-gerous. Since 2011 we have seen Rus-sian forces invade Ukraine, the emer-gence of the so-called Islamic State and its global campaign of terrorism, increased attempts by Iran to desta-bilize U.S. allies and partners in the Middle East, growing assertive behav-ior by China and the militarization of the South China Sea, numerous cyber attacks on U.S. industry and govern-ment agencies, and further testing by North Korea of nuclear technology and other advanced military capabilities. Indeed, the Director of National Intel-ligence, James Clapper, testified in February that over the course of his distinguished five-decade career, he could not recall ‘‘a more diverse array of challenges and crises’’ than our Na-tion confronts today. Our military is being forced to con-front these growing threats with shrinking resources. This year’s de-fense budget is more than $150 billion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.005 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3395 June 6, 2016 
less than fiscal year 2011. Despite peri-odic relief from the budget caps that imposed these cuts, including the Bi-partisan Budget Act of last year, each of our military services remains under-funded, undersized, and unready to meet current and future threats. In short, as threats grow and the oper-ational demands on our military in-crease, defense spending in constant dollars is decreasing. How does that make any sense? The President’s defense budget re-quest strictly adheres to the bipartisan budget agreement, which is $17 billion less than what the Department of De-fense planned for last year. As a result, the military services’ underfunded re-quirements total nearly $23 billion for the coming fiscal year alone. Mean-while, sequestration threatens to re-turn in 2018, taking away another $100 billion from our military through 2021. This is unacceptable. While the NDAA conforms to last year’s budget agreement at present, I have filed an amendment to increase defense spending above the current spending caps. This amendment will re-verse shortsighted cuts to moderniza-tion, restore military readiness, and give our servicemembers the support they need and deserve. I do not know whether this amendment will succeed, but the Senate must have this debate and Senators are going to have to choose a side. At the same time, as I have long be-lieved, providing for the common de-fense is not just about a bigger defense budget—as necessary as that is. We must also reform our Nation’s defense enterprise to meet new threats, both today and tomorrow, and to give Amer-icans greater confidence, which they don’t have a lot of now, that the De-partment of Defense is spending their tax dollars efficiently and effectively. That is exactly what this legislation does. The last major reorganization of the Department of Defense was the Gold-water-Nichols Act, which marks its 30th anniversary this year. Last fall the Senate Armed Services Committee held a series of 13 hearings on defense reform. We heard from 52 of our Na-tion’s foremost defense experts and leaders. The Goldwater-Nichols Act of 30 years ago responded to the chal-lenges of its time. Our goal was to de-termine what changes needed to be made to prepare the Department of De-fense to meet the new set of strategic challenges. As Jim Locher, the lead staffer on Goldwater-Nichols, testified last year: ‘‘No organizational blueprint lasts forever. . . . [T]he world in which DOD must operate has changed dra-matically over the last 30 years.’’ Instead of one great power rival, the United States now faces a series of transregional, cross-functional, multi-domain, and long-term strategic com-petitions that pose a significant chal-lenge to the organization of the Pen-tagon and the military, which is often rigidly aligned around functional issues and regional geography. Put simply, the Goldwater-Nichols Act of 30 years ago was about operational ef-fectiveness—improving the ability of the military services to plan and oper-ate together as one joint force. The problem today is strategic integra-tion—how the Department of Defense integrates its activities and resources across different regions, functions, and domains, while balancing and sus-taining those efforts over time. The NDAA would require the next Secretary of Defense to create a series of ‘‘cross-functional mission teams’’ to better integrate the Department’s ef-forts and achieve discrete objectives. For example, one could imagine a Rus-sia mission team with representatives from policy, intelligence, acquisition, budget, the services, and more. There is no mechanism to perform this kind of integration at present. The Sec-retary and the Deputy have to do it ad hoc, which is an unrealistic burden. The idea of cross-functional teams has been shown to be tremendously effec-tive in the private sector and by inno-vative military leaders, such as GEN Stan McChrystal. If applied effectively in the Office of the Secretary of De-fense, I believe this concept could be every bit as impactful as the Gold-water-Nichols reforms. The NDAA would also require the next Secretary to reorganize one com-batant command around joint task forces focused on discrete operational missions rather than military services. Here, too, the goal is to improve inte-gration across different military func-tions and do so with far fewer staff than these commands now have. Simi-larly, the legislation seeks to clarify the role of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, focusing this leader on more strategic issues, while providing the Chairman greater authority to assist the Secretary with the global integra-tion of military operations. The NDAA also seeks to curb the growth in civilian staff and military of-ficers that has occurred in recent years. Over the past 30 years, the end strength—the total number of members of the services—of the joint force has decreased by 38 percent. The number of men and women serving in the military has decreased by 38 percent, but the ratio of four-star officers—admirals and generals—to the overall force has increased by 65 percent. We have seen similar increases among civilians at the senior executive service level. The NDAA, therefore, requires a carefully tailored 25-percent reduction in the number of general and flag officers, a corresponding 25-percent decrease to the ranks of senior civilians, and a 25- percent cut to the amount of money that can be spent on contractors who are doing staff work. The NDAA also caps the size of the National Security Council policy staff at 150. The National Security Council staff will be capped at 150. The staff has steadily grown over administrations of both parties in recent decades. Under George Herbert Walker Bush, there were 40; more than 100 in the Clinton administration; more than 200 during the George W. Bush administration; and now there are reports of nearly 400 under the current administration, plus as many as 200 contractors. This tre-mendous growth has enabled a trou-bling expansion of the NSC staff’s ac-tivities from their original strategic focus to micromanagement of oper-ational issues in ways that are incon-sistent with the intent of Congress when it created the NSC in 1947. It has gotten so bad that all three leaders who served as Secretary of Defense under the current administration re-cently blasted the NSC’s micromanage-ment of operational issues during their tenures. Former Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta has come out publicly in favor of shrinking the staff, saying he thinks we can do the job better with fewer people. In short, the NSC staff is becoming increasingly involved in operational issues that should be the purview of Senate-confirmed individuals in the chain of command, and doing so beyond the reach of congressional oversight. If this organization were to return to the intent of the legislation that estab-lished it, it could reasonably claim that its strategic functions on behalf of the President are protected by Execu-tive privilege. If, on the other hand, the NSC staff is to play the kind of operational role it has in recent years—and I could give my colleagues example after example—if it is going to play the kind of operational role it has in recent years, then such a body can-not escape congressional oversight. The purpose of the provision in the NDAA to cap the size of the NSC staff is to state a preference for the Congress’s original intent in creating the NSC. As I have said, integration is a major theme in the NDAA. Another one is in-novation. For years after the Cold War, the United States enjoyed a near mo-nopoly on advanced military tech-nologies. That is changing rapidly. Our adversaries are catching up, and the United States is at real and increasing risk of losing the military techno-logical dominance we have taken for granted for 30 years. At the same time, our leaders are struggling to innovate against an acquisition system that too often impedes their efforts. I have ap-plauded Secretary Carter’s attempts to innovate and reach out to nontradi-tional high-tech firms, but it is telling that this has required the Secretary’s personal intervention to create new of-fices, organizations, outposts, and ini-tiatives—all to move faster and get around the current acquisition system. Innovation cannot be an auxiliary of-fice at the Department of Defense; it must be the central mission of its ac-quisition system. Unfortunately, that is not the case with the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-tion, Technology and Logistics, also known as AT&L. It has grown too big, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.007 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3396 June 6, 2016 
tries to do too much, and is too focused on compliance at the expense of inno-vation. That is why the NDAA seeks to divide AT&L’s duties between two of-fices—a new Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering and an empowered and renamed Under Sec-retary of Management and Support, which was congressionally mandated 2 years ago. The job of research and engineering would be developing defense tech-nologies that can ensure a new era of U.S. qualitative military dominance. This office would set defense-wide ac-quisition and industrial-based policy. It would pull together the centers of innovation in the defense acquisition system. It would oversee the develop-ment and manufacturing of weapons by the services. In short, research and en-gineering would be a staff job focused on innovation, policy, and oversight of the military services and certain de-fense agencies, such as DARPA. By contrast, management and sup-port would be a line management posi-tion. It would manage the multibillion- dollar businesses—such as the Defense Logistics Agency and the Defense Com-missary Agency—that buy goods and services for the Department of Defense. It would also manage other defense agencies that perform other critical business functions for the Department, such as performing audits, paying our troops, and managing contracts. This would not only enable research and en-gineering to focus on technology devel-opment, it would also provide for a bet-ter management of billions of dollars of spending on mission support activi-ties. These organizational changes com-plement the additional acquisition re-forms in the NDAA that build on our efforts of last year. This legislation creates new pathways for the Depart-ment of Defense to do business with nontraditional defense firms. It streamlines regulations to procure commercial goods and services. It pro-vides new authorities for the rapid prototyping, acquisition, and fielding of new capabilities. It imposes new lim-its on the use of so-called ‘‘cost-plus’’ contracts. The overuse of these kinds of contracts and the complicated and expensive government bureaucracy that goes with them serves as a barrier to entry for commercial, nontradi-tional, and small businesses that are driving the innovation our military needs. Another major reform in this year’s NDAA is the most sweeping overhaul of the military health system in a genera-tion. This strong bipartisan effort is the result of several years of careful study. The NDAA creates greater health value for military families and retirees and their families by improv-ing the quality of health care they re-ceive, providing timely access to care, and enhancing patient satisfaction—all done at lower costs to the patients by encouraging them to seek high-value health services from high-value health care providers. The NDAA incorporates many of the best practices and recent innovations of high-performing private sector health care providers. For example, the NDAA creates specialized care centers of excellence at major medical centers based on the specialized care delivery model in high-performing health sys-tems like the Cleveland Clinic. The leg-islation also expands the use of tele-health services and incentivizes par-ticipation in disease management pro-grams. Finally, the NDAA expands and improves access to care by requiring a standardized appointment system in military treatment facilities and cre-ating more options for patients to get health care in the private sector. Taken together, these reforms, along with many others in the bill, will im-prove access to and quality of care for servicemembers and their families and retirees and their families, and they will improve the military and combat medical readiness of our force and re-duce rising health care costs for the Department of Defense. This entails some difficult decisions. The NDAA makes significant changes to the serv-ices’ medical command structures and right-sizes the costly military health system infrastructure, and, yes, the NDAA asks some beneficiaries to pay a little more for a better health system. Let me make three brief points. First, Active-Duty servicemembers will not pay for any health care serv-ices or prescription drugs they receive, and the NDAA does not increase the cost of health care by a single cent for families of active-duty servicemembers enrolled in TRICARE Prime. There will continue to be no enrollment fees for their health care coverage. All bene-ficiaries, including retirees and their families, will continue to receive health care services and prescription drugs free of charge in military hos-pitals and clinics. Second, the NDAA does ask working- aged retirees, many of whom are pur-suing a second career, to pay a little more. Increases in annual enrollment fees for TRICARE Choice are phased in over time, and there are modest in-creases in pharmacy copays at retail pharmacies and for brand-name drugs through the mail-order pharmacy. It is important to remember that 68 percent of retirees live within the service area of a military hospital or clinic where they will continue to enjoy no co-pays for prescription drugs, and all military retirees have access to the mail-order pharmacy, where they can access a 90- day supply of generic prescriptions free of charge through fiscal year 2019. Third, while some military retirees will pay a little more, the guiding prin-ciple of this reform effort is that we would not ask beneficiaries to pay more unless they receive greater value in return—better access, better care, and better health outcomes. The NDAA delivers on that promise. Modernizing the military health system is part of the NDAA’s focus on sustaining the quality of life of our military service-members, retirees, and their families. The NDAA authorizes a 1.6-percent pay raise for our troops and reauthor-izes over 30 types of bonuses and spe-cial pays. The legislation restructures and enhances leave for military par-ents to care for a new child, and it pro-vides stability for the families of our fallen by permanently extending the special survivor indemnity allowance. No widow should have to worry year to year that she or he may not receive the offset of the so-called widows’ tax. If this NDAA becomes law, he or she will never have to worry about that. The NDAA also implements the rec-ommendations of the Department of Defense Military Justice Review Group by incorporating the Military Justice Act of 2016. The legislation modernizes the military court-martial trial and appellate practice, incorporates best practices from Federal criminal prac-tice and procedures, and increases transparency and independent review in the military justice system. Taken together, the provisions contained in the NDAA constitute the most signifi-cant reforms to the Uniform Code of Military Justice in a generation. Among the many military personnel policy provisions in the NDAA, there is one that has already attracted some controversy. That, of course, is the provision in the NDAA that requires women to register for Selective Service to the same extent as men beginning in 2018. Earlier this year, the Department of Defense lifted the ban on women serving in ground combat units. After months of rigorous oversight, a large bipartisan majority in the Armed Serv-ices Committee agreed that there is simply no further justification to limit Selective Service registration to men. That is not just my view but the view of every single one of our military service chiefs, including the Army Chief of Staff and the Commandant of the Marine Corps. There will likely be further debate on this issue. As it unfolds, we must never forget that women have served honor-ably in our military for years. They filled critical roles in every branch of our military. Some have served as pi-lots, like M
ARTHA MCSALLY , who flew combat missions in Afghanistan. Some served as logisticians, like the Pre-siding Officer, Senator J
ONI ERNST , who ran convoys into Iraq. Others have served as medics, intelligence officers, nuclear engineers, boot camp instruc-tors, and more. Many of these women have served in harm’s way, and many women have made the ultimate sac-rifice, including 160 killed in Afghani-stan and Iraq. As we uphold our commitment to the well-being of our servicemembers and their families, we must also uphold our commitment to American taxpayers. As part of the committee’s comprehen-sive effort to root out and eliminate wasteful spending and improve the De-partment of Defense acquisition sys-tem, the NDAA imposes strict over-sight measures on programs such as the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter, the B–21 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.008 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3397 June 6, 2016 
Long Range Strike Bomber, the Ford- class aircraft carrier, and the littoral combat ship. These provisions will en-sure accountability for results, pro-mote transparency, protect taxpayers, and drive the Department to deliver our warfighters the capabilities they need on time, as promised, and at rea-sonable costs. The NDAA also upholds America’s commitment to its allies and partners. It authorizes $3.4 billion to support our Afghan partners as they fight to pre-serve the gains of the last 15 years and defeat the terrorists who seek to desta-bilize the region and attack American interests. The legislation provides $1.3 billion for counter-ISIL operations. The NDAA fully supports the European Reassurance Initiative to increase the capability and readiness of U.S. and NATO forces to deter and, if necessary, respond to Russian aggression. It also authorizes up to $500 million in secu-rity assistance to Ukraine, including lethal assistance. We should give the Ukrainian people the ability to defend themselves. Finally, the legislation in-cludes $239 million for U.S.-Israel coop-erative missile defense programs. As we continue to support allies and partners against common threats, the NDAA makes major reforms to the Pentagon’s complex and unwieldy secu-rity cooperation enterprise, which has complicated the Department of De-fense’s ability to effectively prioritize, plan, execute, and oversee these activi-ties. This legislation also makes sure we are not providing support to adver-saries like Russia. The United States’ assured access to space continues to rely on Russian rocket engines. Pur-chasing these engines provides a finan-cial benefit to Vladimir Putin’s cro-nies, including individuals who have been sanctioned by the United States, and it subsidizes the Russian military industrial base. This is unacceptable at a time when Russia continues to oc-cupy Crimea, destabilize Ukraine, men-ace our NATO allies, violate the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, and bomb moderate rebels in Syria. That is why the NDAA repeals a provision from last year’s Omnibus ap-propriations bill that furthered depend-ence on Russia. Once the nine Russian rocket engines allowed by the past two NDAAs are ex-pended, the Defense Department would be required to achieve assured access to space without the use of rocket en-gines designed or manufactured in Rus-sia. In testimony before the com-mittee, the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Secretary of the Air Force each confirmed that the United States can meet its assured access to space re-quirements without the use of Russian rocket engines. We do not have to rely on Russia for access to space. Given the urgency of eliminating reliance on Russian en-gines, the NDAA will allow for up to half of the funds for the development of a replacement launch vehicle or pro-pulsion system to be made available for offsetting any potential increase in launch costs as a result of prohibitions on Russian rocket engines. With $1.2 billion budgeted over the next 5 years, we can cover the costs of ending our re-liance on Russia while developing the next generation of American space launch capabilities. Finally, the legislation takes several steps to bolster border security and homeland defense. It authorizes $688 million for Department of Defense counterdrug programs. It enhances in-formation sharing and operational co-ordination between the Department of Defense and the Department of Home-land Security. It provides additional support for the U.S. Southern Com-mand, and it continues support for the U.S.-Israel anti-tunneling cooperation program, which helps to improve our efforts to restrict the flow of drugs across the U.S. southern border. I say to my colleagues: This is an ambitious piece of legislation, and it is one that reflects the growing threats to our Nation. Everything about the NDAA is threat driven—everything, that is, but its top line of $602 billion. That is an arbitrary figure set by last year’s budget agreement, having noth-ing to do with events in the world, and which itself was a product of 5 years of letting politics, not strategy, deter-mine the level of funding for our na-tional defense. Former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs GEN Martin Dempsey de-scribed last year’s defense budget as ‘‘the lower ragged edge of manageable risks.’’ Yet here we are 1 year later with defense spending arbitrarily capped at $17 billion below what our military needed and planned for last year. I don’t know what lies beneath the lower ragged edge of manageable, but this is what I fear it means—that our military is becoming less and less able to deter conflict and that if, God forbid, deterrence does fail somewhere and we end up in conflict, our Nation will deploy young Americans into bat-tle without sufficient training or equipment to fight a war that will take longer, be larger, cost more, and ulti-mately claim more American lives than it otherwise would have. That is the growing risk we face, and for the sake of the men and women serving in our military, we cannot change course soon enough. The Senate will have the opportunity to do just that when we consider my amendment to reverse the budget-driven cuts to the capabilities of our Armed Forces that are needed to defend the Nation. I hope we will seize this opportunity. We ask a lot of our men and women in uniform, and they never let us down. We must not let them down. As we move forward with consideration of the NDAA, I stand ready to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass this important legislation and give our military the resources they need and deserve. Again, I note the presence of my es-teemed colleague and friend, the rank-ing member of the Armed Services Committee, without whom this legisla-tion would not have been possible. It happens to be a source of great pride to me—and I hope to Americans who be-lieve that we are bitterly divided—that as an example of defending this Nation and providing for men and women whom we send into harm’s way, the Senator from Rhode Island and I have developed a partnership that I believe has been incredibly productive. With-out the kind of partnership that I have enjoyed with my friend from Rhode Is-land, it would not have been possible to produce this legislation, which is obvi-ously the most important obligation we have, and that is to defend the Na-tion. Madam President, I yield the floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to pro-ceed to S. 2943 is agreed to. The clerk will report the bill. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2943) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4206 
Mr. M CCAIN. Madam President, I call up amendment No. 4206. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arizona [Mr. M CCAIN], for Mrs. F
ISCHER , proposes an amendment numbered 4206. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To modify the requirement that the Secretary of Defense implement meas-ures to maintain the critical wartime med-ical readiness skills and core competencies of health care providers within the Armed Forces) On page 423, strike lines 16 and 17 and in-sert the following: (a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (c), not later than 90 days after submitting the report required by subsection (d), or one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, whichever occurs first, the Secretary of Defense On page 425, strike lines 10 through 18 and insert the following: (5) The Secretary shall ensure that any covered beneficiary who may be affected by modifications, reductions, or eliminations implemented under this section will be able to receive through the purchased care com-ponent of the TRICARE program any med-ical services that will not be available to such covered beneficiary at a military treat-ment facility as a result of such modifica-tions, reductions, or eliminations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.014 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3398 June 6, 2016 
(c) E XCEPTION .—The Secretary is not re-quired to implement measures under sub-section (a) with respect to overseas military health care facilities in a country if the Sec-retary determines that medical services in addition to the medical services described in subsection (b)(2) are necessary to ensure that covered beneficiaries located in that country have access to a similar level of care avail-able to covered beneficiaries located in the United States. (d) R
EPORT ON MODIFICATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the modifications to medical services, mili-tary treatment facilities, and personnel in the military health system to be imple-mented pursuant to subsection (a). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (A) A description of the medical services and associated personnel capacities nec-essary for the military medical force readi-ness of the Department of Defense. (B) A comprehensive plan to modify the personnel and infrastructure of the military health system to exclusively provide medical services necessary for the military medical force readiness of the Department of De-fense, including the following: (i) A description of the planned changes or reductions in medical services provided by the military health system. (ii) A description of the planned changes or reductions in staffing of military personnel, civilian personnel, and contractor personnel within the military health system. (iii) A description of the personnel man-agement authorities through which changes or reductions described in clauses (i) and (ii) will be made. (iv) A description of the planned changes to the infrastructure of the military health system. (v) An estimated timeline for completion of the changes or reductions described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iv) and other key mile-stones for implementation of such changes or reductions. (e) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .— On page 428, between lines 15 and 16, insert the following: (3) The terms ‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE program’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Madam President, I rise to discuss the fiscal year 2017 national defense authorization bill, which was passed out of the Armed Services Com-mittee on May 19 by a vote of 23 to 3. I want to begin by thanking Chair-man M
CCAIN, not only for his kind and thoughtful words but for ably leading the committee through many thought- provoking hearings and a successful markup with bipartisan support of the bill. I believe the committee has worked diligently in the past month, not only to evaluate the President’s budget request for fiscal year 2017 but also to take a hard look at the Depart-ment of Defense and to consider what reforms are necessary. Most, if not all, of that effort is a direct result of the leadership of Chairman M
CCAINand his commitment to ensuring that we were thoroughly immersed in the details, that we had access to expert testi-mony, and that we heard both sides of the argument and led to the markup, which was productive and has resulted in the legislation that is before us today. I think we both agree that we can make improvements, and we both will strive to do that over the course of the next several weeks and in our delibera-tion with the House, but we are begin-ning with very thoughtful and very constructive legislation that we brought to the floor. I thank the chair-man for that. There are many provisions in this bill that will help the Department today and in the future. It is a lengthy bill that contains sweeping reforms, as the chairman described in some detail, and I support many aspects of this bill. In fact, I was privileged to work with the chairman and our staffs in devel-oping some of these aspects. Because of the scope and because of the range of these improvements and reforms, I be-lieve—and I think this is shared by others—that we need a continued dia-logue with the Department of Defense and other experts to ensure that we not only take the first steps but that the subsequent consequences, both in-tended and unintended, are well known and contribute to our overall national security. We truly must ensure that our decisions which are ultimately in-corporated in this legislation improve the Department’s operations and do not create unnecessary and detri-mental consequences. Let me highlight some of the aspects of the bill that will help our military in ongoing overseas operations. We are engaged in a difficult struggle with ISIL and radical extremists, and critical to our efforts to fight against ISIL are our local partners. That is why this bill includes $1.3 billion to support the Iraq and Syria train-and- equip programs and $180 million to sup-port the efforts of Jordan and Lebanon to secure their borders. The bill also includes $3.4 billion for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund to preserve the gains of the last 15 years. These are critical investments that enhance our interests and keep pressure on our enemy. The bill provides the funds necessary to enable our operations across Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Somalia, and other loca-tions where ISIL, Al Qaeda, and its remnants are located. This funding will continue to enable the Department to hunt the leaders of these organizations and illuminate their network of sup-porters. Ensuring that there is contin-uous pressure on violent extremists is critical, and it is with that focus that the chairman and I worked to include these important elements in the legis-lation. The bill funds U.S. Special Oper-ations Command, or SOCOM, at the re-quested level of $10.76 billion, including an increase of $26.7 million to help ad-dress technology gaps identified by SOCOM on its fleet of MQ–9 Reaper un-manned aerial vehicles, which are im-portant to our ability to effectively carry out counterterrorism strikes while avoiding collateral damage. The bill also extends critical authorities used by special operations forces and enhances the role of the Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Special Oper-ations and Low-Intensity Conflict in providing oversight and advocacy for SOCOM within the Department. The fight against terrorism is not our fight alone, and it requires the sup-port of old and new partners across the globe. This bill will enable the Depart-ment of Defense to support and enable our foreign partners and also, criti-cally, will continue to provide support to our intelligence community to pro-tect the homeland. Of major significance, this year’s bill would undertake the most comprehen-sive reform of the Defense Depart-ment’s security cooperation enterprise in decades. Since 9/11, Congress, partly at the request of the Department and partly through our own doing, has cre-ated dozens of new authorities to en-able our Armed Forces to engage with the national security forces of friendly foreign countries. This patchwork has been difficult to navigate and oversee. To address this problem, this bill would consolidate and streamline security co-operation authorities. This will greatly enhance the Defense Department’s ability to address the wide-ranging and evolving nature of global threats. Additionally, the NDAA consolidates roughly $2 billion in security coopera-tion funding into a new fund, the Secu-rity Cooperation Enhancement Fund. This new fund will enhance public transparency, increase flexibility, and improve congressional oversight. While the Department of Defense is responsible for only two of the admin-istration’s nine lines of effort against ISIL—and this bill funds those two lines of effort—DOD also plays an es-sential enabling role for many other parts of our government, particularly in the areas of intelligence collection and analysis. This bill ensures the De-partment is able to continue this crit-ical support so we can maintain an in-tegrated effort against our enemy. The Department of Defense is not the only Federal agency that is responsible for our Nation’s security. All agencies have a role and should receive the re-sources they need. The bill before us also includes $3.4 billion for the European Reassurance Initiative, which will deliver critical investments to increase U.S. military presence in Europe, improve existing infrastructure, and enhance allied and partner military capabilities to re-spond to external aggression and bol-ster regional stability. It also author-izes up to $500 million for the Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative to con-tinue the ongoing efforts to support the Ukrainian security forces in the de-fense of their country. One major concern the committee heard repeatedly, and the chairman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.001 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3399 June 6, 2016 
made reference to on numerous occa-sions, is about the state of readiness with our troops and their equipment. I am very pleased that this bill contains almost $2 billion in additional readi-ness funding to satisfy some of the Service Chiefs’ unfunded requirements, with the goal of restoring military readiness as soon as possible. Addition-ally, all of these increases are paid for with corresponding and targeted fund-ing reductions. One other aspect of our national se-curity is our nuclear deterrent. In many cases, it forms the bedrock of our defense posture. This is an essential mission which must not be neglected and our committee continues to sup-port it on a bipartisan basis. The bill continues to fund the Presi-dent’s request to modernize our triad of nuclear-capable air, sea, and ground delivery platforms. This is the first year of full engineering, manufac-turing, and development funding for the B–21, which will replace the B–52s that were built in the 1960s. While the B–21 will be costly, I believe this bill places rigorous oversight on the pro-gram to ensure that we understand the technology risk as it moves forward. Turning to the area of undersea de-terrence, if we are to maintain a sea- based deterrent, the current fleet of 14 Ohio-class submarines must be re-placed starting in 2027 due to the po-tential for hull fatigue. By then, the first Ohio submarine will be 46 years old—the oldest submarine to have sailed in our Navy in its history. The third aspect of our triad, our land-based ICBMs, will not need to be replaced until the 2030s. We have au-thorized the initial development of a replacement for this responsive leg of the triad, which acts as a counter-balance to Russian ICBMs. Let me focus for a moment on the submarine program, which is frankly an important part of our national secu-rity and an important industry for my home State where this construction be-gins. This bill supports the Virginia- class attack submarine production at a level of two per year. The Navy’s re-quirement for attack submarines is a force of 48 boats. Since attack sub-marine force levels will fall below 48, even with the purchase of two Virginia- class submarines per year, we cannot allow the production rates to drop at all. The bill also supports the Virginia Payload Module upgrade to the Vir-ginia-class submarines, with produc-tion starting in fiscal year 2019. The Virginia Payload Module program is important to begin replacing Toma-hawk missile magazine capacity that will decline sharply as we retire the Navy’s four guided missile submarines in the next decade. Our support of the Virginia-class at-tack submarine program has led to sta-bility that helped drive down costs and improve productivity. This bill con-tinues that support and also supports the plans for achieving similar effec-tiveness on the Ohio replacement pro-gram. Establishing and achieving cost reduction goals in these Virginia-class and Ohio replacement programs will yield significant stability to our Na-tion’s submarine base, which will en-sure the Navy has a modern, capable submarine fleet for many years to come. The chairman also indicated in his remarks that the bill accomplishes much on behalf of our servicemembers and the Department of Defense. It au-thorizes a 1.6 percent pay raise for all servicemembers and reauthorizes a number of expiring bonus and special pay authorities to encourage enlist-ment, re-enlistment, and continued service by active duty and reserve com-ponent military personnel. The bill permanently extends the Special Sur-vivor Indemnity Allowance scheduled to expire next year, clarifies the appli-cability of certain employment rights for military technicians, establishes an independent National Commission on Military, National, and Public Service to review the Selective Service process, and makes numerous enhancements to military whistleblower protections. Notably, this bill also contains a ro-bust package of health care reforms. The current military health care sys-tem, designed decades ago, has served us well. Since 2001, battlefield survival rates have been higher than at any time in our Nation’s history. Clearly, battlefield medicine is a pocket of ex-cellence in the military health system that must be maintained. However, it is also clear that the military health care system has increasingly empha-sized delivering peacetime healthcare, and beneficiaries have voiced their con-cerns about access to care. While I know that many in the mili-tary community are wary of changes to the healthcare system, I believe the re-forms included in this bill are designed to improve and maintain operational medical force readiness while at the same time affording better value to TRICARE beneficiaries by providing higher quality medical care, with bet-ter access to that care, and a better ex-perience of care. I am also pleased to note that the mark includes the 105 recommenda-tions of the Military Justice Review Group. The review group was made up of judges and lawyers, all military jus-tice experts, who spent 18 months re-viewing and providing recommended changes to update the entire Uniform Code of Military Justice. These provi-sions provide a much-needed updating of the military justice system, and I want to commend the members of the review group for their work and also the counsels on the committee, Gary Leeling and Steve Barney, for all their efforts in this area. Again, a major effort, as has been highlighted by the chairman, is to con-tinue the Senate tradition for improv-ing the way DOD buys everything, from major systems like the F–35 and sub-marines to office support services, to spare parts, and even to the buying of new technologies and next-generation research products. I am pleased we have taken positive steps to strengthen our contracting and program management workforces and support Secretary Carter’s efforts to reach out to innovative Silicon Val-ley companies and other high-tech small businesses. I am glad we are building on the considerable and suc-cessful efforts Under Secretary Frank Kendall has taken to control costs and improve delivery times of our major weapons systems through his active management and leadership, which have resulted in a very successful se-ries of better buying power procure-ment reforms. Consistent with those efforts, we have taken steps to improve our ability to estimate costs of new weapons sys-tems, especially the cost to maintain them in the field or at sea, sometimes for decades, and to de-layer the bu-reaucracy and untangle the redtape that the Pentagon acquisition process has sometimes been very much weight-ed down by. We can use better data and better analysis to make better decisions on what we acquire and how we maintain it. I want to note that I believe there are a few provisions where continued dialogue with the Pentagon can im-prove our bill and make sure we achieve our shared goal: delivering the best and most modern systems to our forces, while protecting taxpayer money in the most responsible manner possible. I hope we can work together to reex-amine and refine a few provisions of the bill to that end. For example, I am concerned that we overly limit the flexibility of DOD to use all available contract types to best balance the needs of government and industry. I am pleased the bill before us is very supportive of the scientists, engineers, and other technical innovators in orga-nizations like DARPA, in the Depart-ment of Defense, and in DOD labora-tories across the Nation. We fully fund the President’s request for science and technology research programs, including the university re-search programs that are the founda-tion of almost all military and com-mercial technology. We also fully fund the important work of DARPA and the Strategic Capabilities Office, both of which are working to develop the next- generation systems that will dominate the battlefields of the future, on the ground, on the sea, under the sea, in space, and in cyber space. We also take important steps to en-sure that DOD can better compete with the private sector for a limited and shrinking pool of world-class technical talent. I am pleased to see we have given the DOD labs and DARPA impor-tant tools to hire the best scientists and engineers through faster hiring processes and some special pay au-thorities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.017 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3400 June 6, 2016 
We have also taken steps to cut the redtape that often ties up these organi-zations and keeps them from achieving their full innovative potential, as well as to allow the labs to more easily build and maintain modern research equipment and laboratory facilities. One of the major challenges facing DOD is the difficulty in moving such a large and diverse organization to adopt new and more efficient business prac-tices. I am pleased the bill provides a num-ber of authorities and pilot programs that will allow the Department to ex-plore new business practices, informed by best commercial practices, which hopefully will drive down costs and re-duce the bureaucratic burdens on the military. For example, we push for the Department to make more use of the burgeoning field of big data and data analytics so it can collect and use in-formation and data in a much more so-phisticated way, to improve DOD man-agement, human resources, and acqui-sition practices. Big data techniques are changing the way the commercial sector markets products, manufactures, and manages supply chains and logistics. It is even changing the way people manage sports teams. We would like to see similar techniques and technological advances used in ways that will improve the effi-ciency of the Pentagon and its proc-esses. We take a major step in this bill to redesignate the position of the Under Secretary for Acquisition Technology and Logistics as the Under Secretary for Research and Engineering. I under-stand and support the chairman’s in-tent to make sure that innovation, re-search, and technology are at the fore-front of Pentagon thinking. We all know we are now in a world where the Pentagon can no longer corner the market on the best people or the best new technologies. Our foreign competitors are closing the gap on our battlefield techno-logical superiority, and global commer-cial companies are far outspending the government on the development of new systems and technology in areas like cyber security, biotechnology, aero-space, and others that are critical to the future of our national security. I hope the reorganization and re-alignment steps we take in this bill support DOD’s effort to stay at the leading edge of technological advances. I worry that we may not understand all of the implications of the major changes we are proposing, and I hope we can continue to have a robust and open dialogue, including with the Pen-tagon’s leadership, so we can take these steps in a thoughtful, considered way. Once again, we have taken very bold and very thoughtful steps, but I think we can enhance these steps with a big-ger, productive dialogue. This bill takes several other steps to reform both the organizational structures of the civilian and military leadership and also the Pentagon’s overall ap-proach to its operations. One of the most significant provisions of the bill is the creation of cross-functional teams. The Office of the Secretary of Defense is organized exclusively along functional lines, such as acquisition, personnel, logistics, finance, and intel-ligence, but the real work of the De-partment is mission performance, which requires integrating across all of these functional stovepipes to achieve specific objectives. This integration task has always been a serious chal-lenge, conducted through layers of management spanning more and more functional boundaries, ending with the Secretary and Deputy Secretary of De-fense. The Armed Services Committee, in the years before drafting the Gold-water-Nichols act, grappled with the broad problem of mission integration across DOD. The committee found solu-tions for achieving ‘‘jointness’’ in the combat operations of the Department, but the committee was unable, at that time, to find practical mechanisms to achieve mission integration in the Of-fice of the Secretary of Defense. The problem of integrating across silos of function expertise is not unique to DOD or the government as a whole. Industry has long struggled with the same problem. Not surprisingly, indus-try has pioneered effective ways to in-tegrate across their enterprises, dra-matically improving outcomes in shorter timeframes, and ultimately streamlining and flattening organiza-tional structures. This bill is the first major step in applying these concepts systematically in government. It will not be easy. There will be resistance to such changes, but I believe we are tak-ing steps in the right direction, and I encourage the leadership of the Depart-ment of Defense to work with Congress to make this reform successful. Another important provision is a re-form of the Joint Requirements Over-sight Council, JROC, which shepherds the joint acquisition process. This bill elevates the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs from merely ‘‘first among equals’’ on the Council to the principal adviser to the Chairman on military requirements. The committee hopes this change will solve one of the most important and consistent criticisms of the JROC; namely, that it is a quid- pro-quo process dominated by paro-chial service interests. There are other reform provisions— changes to the role of Chairman of the Joint Staffs and Combatant Com-mands, a reduction in the number of general and flag officers, and a change to the type of strategy doctrines pro-duced by the Department. Again, these reforms are a good start, but these are major changes that may have unfore-seen consequences. I think they would benefit, again, from further discussion with the Defense Department’s mili-tary and civilian leadership and out-side experts. I encourage and look for-ward to that dialogue. Let me highlight one provision of the bill that I am somewhat concerned with. It limits the Defense Depart-ment’s ability to implement an impor-tant Executive order that protects the health, safety, and labor rights of vet-erans, disabled persons, and other per-sons of the defense industry workforce. The Executive order is an important tool to ensure that DOD is working with responsible contractors that are more likely to deliver goods and serv-ices critical to national security on time and on budget when they are fol-lowing these procedures. This order is being implemented in a way that protects the rights of all em-ployees, while also protecting due proc-ess rights for the companies concerned, and ensuring that there is no discrimi-nation against them based on incom-plete evidence of wrongdoing or unsub-stantiated allegations. I hope we can work to continue a policy, as enun-ciated by the Executive order, that I think we can all support, ensuring DOD is working with responsible contrac-tors to protect our workforce and sup-port national security missions. Finally, I would like to say a few words about the funding levels for de-fense. The bill reported out of com-mittee includes $523.9 billion in discre-tionary spending for defense base budg-et requirements and $58.9 billion for Overseas Contingency Operations. It also includes $19.3 billion for Depart-ment of Energy-related activities, re-sulting in a top-line funding level of $602 billion for discretionary national defense spending. While these funding levels adhere to the spending limits mandated by the Bipartisan Budget Act, BBA, of 2015, concerns have been raised that the De-partment requires additional resources. As all Members are aware, when the Senate considered the BBA last fall, it established the discretionary funding levels of defense spending for fiscal year 2017. That agreement passed this chamber with support from Senators from both political parties. Furthermore, the BBA split the increase in discretionary spending evenly between the security and nonsecurity categories. As we con-sider the fiscal year 2017 NDAA, there is likely to be—in fact, the chairman has made it very clear—an effort to in-crease military spending above the level established by the BBA. It is important to remember that since the Budget Control Act was en-acted in 2011, we have made repeated incremental changes to the discre-tionary budget caps for both defense and nondefense accounts. We have done so in order to provide some budget cer-tainty to the Department of Defense and also to domestic agencies. As de-bate on this bill continues, the chair-man has indicated he will propose an amendment to increase spending for defense only. Again, this seems to run counter to the central tenets of all the previous budget negotiation agreements. If de-fense funds are increased, funding for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.018 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3401 June 6, 2016 
domestic agencies must also be in-creased, I believe. In addition, this is a point that I think all of us acknowl-edge, our national security is broader than simply the accounts in the De-partment of Defense. It is the FBI, it is the Department of Homeland Security, and it is many other agencies that con-tribute to our national security. Let me conclude, once again, by thanking the chairman and my col-leagues on the committee who contrib-uted significantly and thoughtfully through this whole process, and I par-ticularly thank the staff who worked laboriously and at great personal cost to ensure that we have a bill we can bring to our colleagues on the floor and stand and continue a very thoughtful, vigorous, and important dialogue about the national security of the United States. Let me thank them. I know there are many amendments that have been filed. I look forward to working with the chairman and all of my colleagues to get this legislation completed and sent forward. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? If no one yields time, the time will be equally charged to both sides. The Senator from Delaware. 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF ROBERT F . KENNEDY ’S ‘‘
RIPPLES OF HOPE ’’ SPEECH  
Mr. COONS. Madam President, on this exact date half a century ago, then-Senator Robert F. Kennedy deliv-ered a powerful speech in Cape Town, South Africa, a nation that was then struggling through the cruel injustices of apartheid. It was the conclusion of a remarkable trip to South Africa in which Bobby Kennedy visited the Nobel Peace Prize-winning Chief Lutuli, vis-ited Soweto, visited the University of Wits in Johannesburg, and spoke with students at the University of Cape Town. Last week I had the opportunity to help lead a congressional delegation to commemorate Bobby Kennedy’s his-toric journey and his famous ‘‘Ripples of Hope’’ speech he delivered during his visit. The trip offered all of us an op-portunity to reflect on the parallels be-tween America’s civil rights movement and South Africa’s liberation struggle and to renew the conversation of rec-onciliation as both countries face leg-acies that remain both difficult and un-resolved. More importantly, as South Africa and the United States face serious challenges to the very institutions that underpin and preserve our democracies, this trip served as a reminder that while our constitutional orders may be supported by courageous and principled leaders through critical moments in our history, nations don’t endure be-cause of a few charismatic and historic individuals, they endure because of in-stitutions. I was honored to be joined on this trip by a bipartisan group of colleagues from the House of Representatives, in-cluding, most importantly, Congress-man JOHN LEWIS of Georgia, who is a hero of America’s own civil rights movement, Democratic Whip S
TENY  H
OYER of Maryland, and five others. There was also a ‘‘Ripples of Hope’’ del-egation that traveled alongside us that included RFK’s children, Kerry Ken-nedy and Rory Kennedy. Kerry is now president of the RFK Human Rights Foundation. There were more than a dozen members of the Kennedy family, of several generations, as well as the leaders and some members of the Faith in Politics Institute. It is Faith in Pol-itics that annually organizes—under the leadership of Congressman J
OHN L
EWIS—the civil rights pilgrimage of Members of Congress, Republicans and Democrats, House and Senate, who re-trace the steps of the famous Selma march, which he helped lead, as well as the pivotal events of both Montgomery and Birmingham at the height of the American civil rights movement. These three organizations—the Faith in Poli-tics Institute, the RFK Foundation, and the congressional delegation—met up in South Africa. At the time of Bobby Kennedy’s visit 50 years ago, South Africa was deep in the throes of apartheid, with a libera-tion movement that had been decapi-tated in the Liliesleaf raid of 1963 and pushed far underground. At that point, Black South Africans lived in fear, and their leaders were either imprisoned or in exile. The National Party and the South African security forces con-trolled nearly every state institution. As author Evan Thomas has described it, ‘‘Nowhere was injustice more stark or the prospect for change bleaker than South Africa in 1966.’’ RFK would later write about what he what called ‘‘the dilemma of South Africa: a land of enormous promise and potential, aspi-ration and achievement—yet a land also of repression and sadness, dark-ness and cruelty’’ as of 1966. To put it plainly and simply, apartheid was a brutal form of racial subjugation. In the midst of an environment in which White supremacy was codified by law and most anti-apartheid leaders and stalwarts were imprisoned or on the run, Bobby Kennedy was invited to give the University of Cape Town’s Day of Affirmation address. Kennedy began his speech at Jameson Hall, describing ‘‘a land in which the native inhabitants were at first subdued, but relations with whom remain a problem to this day; a land which defined itself on a hostile frontier; . . . a land which once [was] the importer of slaves, and now must struggle to wipe out the last traces of that former bondage.’’ RFK then paused before concluding: ‘‘I refer, of course, to the United States of America.’’ As you listen to the audio recording of his speech, you can then hear a rip-ple of recognition and applause that Kennedy—who many thought was in-troducing his speech about South Afri-ca—was instead recognizing remark-able parallels between our two nations. As Kennedy spoke to a large crowd who had waited in the cold for hours, he made it clear with his opening that he came not to preach to the people of South Africa from our supposed posi-tion of superiority due to the length of our democratic experiment but to share and to learn from our common legacies and challenges. Then and now, the differences be-tween the United States and South Af-rica are profound and real. Yet Ameri-cans and South Africans do share more than we might widely recognize. We have similar stories to tell, and we have many lessons that we can and should learn from each other. Today, more than 20 years after the end of apartheid, South Africa’s post- apartheid nonracial democracy is struggling to deliver on the promise of its ambitious founding principles and to transform its economy to generate opportunity for all its citizens. Mean-while, here in the United States, we are mired in dysfunctional politics, and many Americans justifiably feel that we have failed to make even modest progress on the economic and social challenges we face. Our countries also share a deeply em-bedded history of racial discrimination and division from which we have not yet healed—a shared struggle exempli-fied by the fact that 50 years ago dur-ing Kennedy’s trip to South Africa, American civil rights activist James Meredith was shot by a White gunman while marching for voting rights in Mississippi. We share complex histories of strug-gles balancing the role of violence and nonviolence in seeking justice and equality under the law. Today we share flawed criminal jus-tice systems that disproportionately punish our citizens of color, and we share sadly imperfect education sys-tems that don’t do enough to support them. Today we also continue to share a struggle to find the most appropriate way to welcome and incorporate lit-erally millions of undocumented immi-grants and to prevent the tensions as-sociated with xenophobia—something we have seen in the United States and we also heard about in South Africa last week. Yet, despite our common short-comings, we share remarkable con-stitutions and inspiring foundational documents—South Africa’s Freedom Charter and our own Declaration of Independence—whose soaring prin-ciples say powerful and inspiring things but whose lived experiences have so far fallen short. We share a powerful commitment to democracy framed by these strong original documents, respect for the rule of law, and capable and inde-pendent judiciaries—institutions cre-ated and sustained by the work of many over hundreds of years. We share a striking foundational mo-ment: Our President George Wash-ington and their President Nelson Mandela—both, as founding Presidents, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.019 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3402 June 6, 2016 
stepped down from their offices will-ingly and set powerful precedents of re-spect for constitutions and term limits. We share the fact that we are deeply religious nations across all racial back-grounds and all income levels. Both South Africa and the United States have deep and long traditions of faith and religion which have powerfully in-fluenced our public lives. These, of course, are traditions which were at times in the past twisted into justifica-tions for prejudice and racial discrimi-nation but which also served as guiding lights for the nonviolent efforts to achieve justice and reconciliation. If you think about it, these shared faith traditions have inspired some of our most powerful leaders. Congress-man J
OHNLEWIS, who was with us on this trip, was beaten, bloodied, and ar-rested 40 times in the streets of the South, fighting for equality in the South under the law. He led the Stu-dent Nonviolent Coordinating Com-mittee. As the leader of the march on Selma in 1966, he encountered State troopers armed with guns, tear gas, and clubs wrapped in barbed wire as he crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge and simply said, before the onslaught that later became known as Bloody Sunday, ‘‘Let us pray.’’ We all remember that Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was one of the most important leaders of our civil rights movement, the Baptist preacher and president of the Southern Chris-tian Leadership Conference who, when imprisoned in a Birmingham jail, wrote that ‘‘human progress never rolls in on wheels of inevitability; it comes through the tireless efforts of men will-ing to be coworkers with God.’’ Similarly, in South Africa some of their most important leaders were cler-gymen. One of the most moving mo-ments for me in our trip was the chance to revisit a fellowship I have shared with Archbishop Desmond Tutu, for whom I worked briefly 30 years ago. Tutu, the Anglican bishop who led the South African Council of Churches and fought for decades against apartheid, was lifted up and recognized with the Nobel Peace Prize in 1984 and many years later received the Presidential Medal of Freedom here in the United States. He ultimately chaired the post- apartheid Truth and Reconciliation Commission, which engaged in the very hard work of convening whole commit-tees of both those who committed the atrocities of apartheid and their vic-tims in a disciplined, constitutionally created, nationwide effort at reconcili-ation. It was Archbishop Desmond Tutu who wrote, ‘‘Hate has no place in the house of God.’’ In both the United States and South Africa, the language used to challenge unjust structures and actions of the government in civil society at the time were rooted in Biblically based ques-tions of justice and righteousness. It made possible national conversations about forgiveness and reconciliation. Some of the most striking and power-ful witnesses offered quietly on the sides of our journey were from two Americans who were participants in the faith and politics civil rights pil-grimage this year in Charleston, SC. They were survivors of the horrible events at the Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, a tragedy in which rel-atives and friends were savagely mur-dered during a Bible reflection prayer session. It was a tragedy from which two survivors, Felicia and Polly, trav-eled with us to South Africa last week, with the Kennedy delegation. It was many of those who survived that tragic event in Charleston, SC, who just a few days later, in confronting the gunman, were able and willing, out of the depths of their faith, to say publicly: We have no room for hate. We have to for-give. 
I will remind you that one thing that is most impressive about Congressman J
OHNLEWIS from his own experience in our civil rights movement is his ability to reconcile and forgive. Decades after a member of the Ku Klux Klan beat J
OHN LEWIS and many other Freedom Riders in the summer of 1961, the now U.S. Congressman J
OHN LEWIS wel-comed a Klansman who had actually beaten him decades before to his office here in Washington and said, as he has repeated many times on our civil rights pilgrimage, ‘‘I accept your apol-ogy. I forgive you.’’ One of the most striking aspects of Nelson Mandela’s leadership as the first President of a truly free, non-racial South Africa was his capacity for forgiveness. Twenty years after he was released from prison—an imprison-ment that lasted 27 years and robbed him of his opportunity to be a free man, to see his own children grow up, to be a contributing part of his society; an apartheid imprisonment that took away virtually his entire adult life—20 years after his release from prison, Mandela invited one of his former jailers to dinner at his own home, a man with whom he had become friends, saying that their friendship ‘‘rein-forced my belief in the essential hu-manity of even those who had kept me behind bars.’’ Think about the depths of that forgiveness. As our own Presi-dent Obama has put it, referring to Mandela by his familiar name, ‘‘It took a man like Madiba to free not just the prisoner, but the jailer as well.’’ It is individuals such as J
OHNLEWIS and Nelson Mandela who set the exam-ple of healing, forgiveness, and rec-onciliation that may ultimately allow us to move forward from our foundational sins of slavery and dis-crimination. And it is the powerful wit-ness of those from South Carolina, from the Emanuel AME Church, who have challenged us anew, in an era of Black Lives Matter concerns and pro-tests, to redouble our efforts to achieve real repentance by those who weigh vi-olence against our racial minorities in the United States and those whose still need reconciliation and forgiveness. Last week our congressional delega-tion had a chance to break bread with Archbishop Desmond Tutu. We heard him discuss the vital importance of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, which allowed the people of South Afri-ca to attempt to work together to move past the bitterness and hatred of apartheid. There is much work undone in South Africa today, as I referenced, but the transformational impact of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission is beyond doubt in that it made it pos-sible for both the perpetrators and the victims of apartheid to see each other face to face and to engage in many acts of contrition and reconciliation. We had a chance on our trip to South Africa to visit Liliesleaf Farm just out-side of Johannesburg, which was the site where the leaders of the under-ground anti-apartheid movement—led by Nelson Mandela, Walter Sisulu, and Andrew Mlangeni, the African National Congress—where all of those leaders were at one time picked up by the South African security police. This was in July of 1963. We had a chance to meet with and hear from many of the stalwarts of that stage of the strug-gle—from Walter Sisulu’s son Max to Mlangni himself, now in his late eighties—about their struggles fol-lowing the raid and the Rivonia trea-son trials, after which there were life sentences imposed on many of those captured at Liliesleaf. We also visited Nelson Mandela’s home in Soweto and his jail cell on Robben Island, where he served out 18 years of his very long sentence. We had a remarkable and moving tour of Robben Island, provided for us by Ahmed Kothrada, who goes by the cas-ual name of ‘‘Kathy,’’ and who talked with us about his experience on Robben Island and about how they maintained discipline, how they were able to con-tinue to work together to shore up each other’s spirits as they coped with year after year of brutal conditions and hard prison labor. One of the most striking things for me was to hear from this man, Mr. Kothrada, the absence of bitterness, the absence of vitriol after his life, too, was marred by decades of imprison-ment by the apartheid regime. It wasn’t just members of our delega-tion who had an opportunity to learn from these conversations. There were also many South Africans who had the opportunity to hear from Congressman JOHN LEWIS, as he spoke passionately in several different settings, both in Johannesburg and in Cape Town, about his experience in our civil rights move-ment. It was uplifting to see him mobbed afterwards by young South Af-ricans everywhere he went who wanted to meet with him, hear from him, take pictures with him, and reflect once again on the common and constructive legacies of our two nations. As we look back at 50 years, we see from the struggles of people like J
OHN L
EWIS and Nelson Mandela that while progress is possible, RFK’s observation that ‘‘humanity sometimes progresses very slowly indeed’’ remains true, and humanity has much more work to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.021 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3403 June 6, 2016 
Today, in South Africa, over half the Black population lives in poverty com-pared to less than 1 percent of the White population. Average annual household income is over $25,000 for White South Africans, yet barely $4,000 for Blacks. South Africa’s unemploy-ment rate is 7 percent for Whites and over 30 percent for Blacks, and it is much higher in the townships and for younger South Africans. Even when Black students make it to South Afri-ca’s universities, like the University of Cape Town, they are much less likely to graduate. I have many more statistics that I could cite, but by important measures, inequality between Whites and Blacks has actually increased since the end of apartheid in South Africa since 1994. These disparities are not unique to South Africa. A Pew Research Center study found that in 2013 in the United States, White households had a median net worth 13 times greater than that of our African-American households—the largest discrepancy in decades in our country. Our Department of Education recently found that compared to White students, Black students in America are far less likely to have access to pre-school, advanced high school courses, are much more likely to be suspended, and are much less likely to complete college. These divides sadly extend to our legal system as well. On average, Black men in America receive sentences 20- percent longer than White men who commit identical crimes. The popu-lation of my home State of Delaware is 22 percent Black, yet two-thirds of our prison population is African American. Behind all these challenging and dif-ficult statistics lies the very real chal-lenge of how to be true to our foundational values and yet find a path forward that creates both growth and empowerment and opportunity and progress for the peoples of both of our countries. By any measure, we have more work to do. Echoing the words of Congressman L
EWIS, ‘‘we have come a great distance . . . but we have a great distance farther to go.’’ In that June 6 address 50 years ago, Bobby Kennedy described the plane that brought him to South Africa from which ‘‘we could see no national bound-aries, no vast gulfs or high walls divid-ing people from people.’’ Today, globalization has proven that the boundaries between us and them— whether by race or religion, party or nationality—are indeed what RFK called them—illusions of differences. Still, we need to find the courage and the strength to tackle these problems, to not fall victim to the forces of apa-thy and complacency. We must find so-lutions that work for each country in its own context. Exactly 50 years ago today, Bobby Kennedy told South Africans: ‘‘Few will have the greatness to bend history but each of us can work to change a small portion of the events, and then the total of all these acts will be writ-ten in the history of this generation.’’ That, in some ways, was the enduring power of his best known quote from that speech, about how each man, each individual—man or woman—who stands up for an ideal acts to improve the lot of others or strikes out against injustice and sends forth a tiny ripple of hope. All those ripples in combina-tion can form a wall of water that knocks down even the greatest of im-pediments to progress and justice, such as the walls of apartheid. It was these very ripples that sent forth hope to all South Africans in 1966, when Bobby Kennedy spoke. It was these ripples that sustained Mandela’s struggle over decades and that prompted the son of an African immigrant to America to take his first steps towards a career in public serv-ice, a decision that ultimately brought him to our Presidency today. It was the same commitment to equality and justice that led me, 30 years ago, to travel to South Africa and work for the Council of Churches there, under the tutelage of both Reverend Paul Verryn and Archbishop Desmond Tutu. It was this same experience which was re-flected in Bishop Tutu’s ‘‘Ubuntu,’’ the distinctly South African idea that, as President Obama put it, we are all bound together in ways invisible to the eye but there is a oneness to humanity. I met a remarkable range of men and women, young and old, leaders of this generation and the last in South Africa in this past week, and I was reminded in all of our conversations—on Robben Island, at Liliesleaf, with young entre-preneurs in Soweto, with business lead-ers trying to grow the economy and create opportunity, with those from every background in South Africa— that all of these men and women have fought that fight, sending forth ripples of hope that brought the mighty walls of apartheid crashing down and built a more equal nation in its place 20 years ago. That has to continue to be part of this progress today and going forward. Bobby Kennedy’s visit 50 years ago played a critical role in changing the tone and tempo of the anti-apartheid struggle at the time. Margaret Mar-shall, a student activist then in South Africa, recalled this from the time of his visit in 1966: 
The world seemed to ignore us . . . but Bobby Kennedy was different. He reminded us . . . that we were not alone. That we were part of a great and noble tradition, the reaf-firmation of nobility and value in every human person. We all had felt alienated. It felt to me that what I was doing was small and meaningless. He put us back into the great sweep of history. 
Last week, speaking at that same university at which her father provided this vital infusion of optimism a half century ago, Kerry Kennedy told us these ripples of hope didn’t have to come from governments or militaries or corporations. They can come from anyone, anywhere—from seemingly av-erage people, just as was the case with Margaret Marshall five decades ago. Today, they come from us, from the citizens we represent across this Na-tion and the people struggling across South Africa to find together a better and brighter future. In the months and years to come, the United States and South Africa can and should look to each other for les-sons and inspirations as we continue to work to heal the damage of racial in-justice, to reverse the trends of eco-nomic inequality, and to protect our experiments in democracy. As South Africa prepares for upcom-ing municipal elections in August, and as we prepare for our own national elections in November, both nations are entering periods in our electoral history where our institutions of de-mocracy and governance are being challenged. Today, South Africa is showing just how important to the sustainment of democracy it is to have not just charismatic, worldly, histor-ical, or forgiving heads of state or indi-viduals leading churches but also a very strong public protector, an inde-pendent judiciary, a vibrant media, and an engaged electorate. In America and South Africa, I be-lieve our institutions will protect and preserve our democracies. These insti-tutions must, of course, be inspired and led by courageous and principled indi-viduals, like Senator Kennedy, like Congressman LEWIS, like President Mandela. But nations don’t endure be-cause of individuals. Nations must en-dure because of strong institutions. Two months after he returned to the United States, Kennedy reflected on his speech of 50 years ago today, and said: 
I acknowledged the United States, like other countries, still had far to go to keep the promises of our Constitution. What was important . . . was that we were trying. 
In 1991, when President Mandela came here to speak, he told an Amer-ican audience: ‘‘I am not a saint, unless you think of a saint as a sinner who keeps on trying.’’ The people of the United States must keep trying to be true to our foundational values and documents, and the people of South Af-rica must as well. We must all keep on trying, as President Obama said, be-cause ‘‘action and ideas are not enough. No matter how right, they must be chiseled into law and institu-tions’’ that will endure. We have a lot of trying left to do. From last week, I have concluded that we have much to learn from each other and much to teach the rest of the world. So let’s rededicate ourselves, 50 years after Bobby Kennedy’s speech gave hope to South Africa and the world, to facing these challenges to-gether. I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.022 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3404 June 6, 2016 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
72ND ANNIVERSARY OF D -DAY 
Mr. TILLIS. Madam President, I am here today to talk about a very impor-tant event in American history. Sev-enty-two years ago today, six Amer-ican and four British and Canadian di-visions began the assault on Adolf Hit-ler’s Fortress Europe, on what German Field Marshal Rommel famously re-ferred to as ‘‘the longest day.’’ As the paratroopers moved to their planes and infantrymen embarked on their ships, Dwight Eisenhower re-minded them of their cause when he said: 
You are about to embark upon the Great Crusade, toward which we have striven these many months. The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty- loving people everywhere march with you. In company with our brave Allies and brothers- in-arms on other Fronts, you will bring about the destruction of the German war machine, the elimination of Nazi tyranny over the oppressed peoples of Europe, and se-curity for ourselves in a free world. 
North Carolina was at Normandy on that day. At 1:51 a.m., Fort Bragg’s 82nd Airborne Division, under the com-mand of MG Matthew Ridgeway and BG James Gavin, began the fight. The paratroopers of the ‘‘All-American Di-vision’’ were scattered by bad weather and German anti-aircraft fire, missing many of their designated drop zones. Within hours, though, through sheer guts and determination, the All-Amer-ican Division had captured towns and crossroads and ensured that the Panzer counterattack did not reach Normandy beaches, allowing the Allied infantry to push into the heart of German-occu-pied France. The 82nd Airborne finished the war as the most decorated combat unit in the history of the United States, a distinc-tion that still holds today. The cross- channel invasion fixed Omaha and Utah Beaches for the American as-sault. ‘‘Bloody Omaha’’ was the most difficult of the landing beaches, due to its rough terrain and bluffs fortified by Rommel’s infantry division. Omaha was hit by the U.S. First and 29th Infantry Divisions. The 29th, known as ‘‘The Blue and Gray Divi-sion,’’ was a National Guard unit com-posed of men from North Carolina, Vir-ginia, and Maryland. In the first wave, A Company, 1st Battalion, 116th Infan-try, from the Virginia National Guard in Bedford, VA, was annihilated as it landed. The catastrophic losses suffered by the small Virginia community led it to being selected for the site of the Na-tional D-day Memorial. Losses were so heavy that GEN Omar Bradley seri-ously considered pulling American forces from Omaha Beach. However, follow-on units from the North Caro-lina National Guard reached that beach, as immortalized in the opening scenes of the movie ‘‘Saving Private Ryan.’’ By nightfall, the division head-quarters and 10,000 reinforcements landed and began fighting inland. On Omaha Beach, ‘‘uncommon valor was [quite] common’’ that day. By the evening of June 6, over 1,000 men from the 29th had become casual-ties on Omaha Beach. Added to losses at other beaches and drop zones made the total casualties for Operation Over-lord 6,500 Americans and 3,000 British and Canadian soldiers. During World War II, the 29th Infan-try Division had such a high casualty rate it was said that its commanding general actually commanded three di-visions: one on the field of battle, one in the hospital, and one in the ceme-tery. The 29th Infantry Division lost 3,720 killed in action, 15,403 wounded in action, 462 missing in action, 526 pris-oners of war, and another 8,665 noncom-bat casualties, for a total of 28,776 cas-ualties during 242 days of combat. Today, thousands of North Caro-linian guardsmen continue the brave tradition of this proud unit. The people of North Carolina remem-ber the soldiers of D-day and their comrades from other battlefields of the war. On the Cape Fear River sits the USS North Carolina, the most decorated battleship of World War II. It is not a museum. It is a reminder. It is our me-morial. The names of over 10,000 North Carolinians who paid the ultimate price are set on the walls of that great ship. In Franklin Roosevelt’s words, ‘‘They fought not for the lust of con-quest. They fought to end conquest. They fought to liberate.’’ As we observe D-day, I hope we all recognize the ultimate sacrifice so many men and women have paid in uni-form, and on the week that we consider the national defense authorization, I hope all of my colleagues will recog-nize the incredible importance and the debt we owe them to do our job here so that they can continue to defend us abroad. We have to do everything we can to get them safe and prepared and ready to do that mission. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I didn’t know my colleague from North Carolina was going to come to the floor to talk about D-day. That is what I am going to talk about too. I would like to follow on his comments, first, to con-gratulate him for a terrific job of ex-plaining the importance of this day, not just to our country but to the world, the day America truly began the liberation of Europe, and also for his description of the North Carolina brave soldiers who lost their lives that day. It was 72 years ago this morning when the invasion began. It was a day in which there was a lot of concern and anxiety. People knew this was going to be a major conflict. Some 40 years later, Ronald Reagan spoke at Pointe du Hoc. He made the point that every church in America was filled that morning. By about 4 that morning, people were praying all over the country, knowing this was going to be a very difficult battle. It was the largest amphibious assault in the history of the world. There were 150,000 Allied troops involved, and as my friend from North Carolina indi-cated, we lost over 10,000 troops that day, most of whom were Americans. There were 10,000 aircraft involved as well and 6,000 ships. It was thought that day that Frank-lin Delano Roosevelt would give a speech, as he had done many times be-fore, called a ‘‘fireside chat,’’ from the White House, talking about the inva-sion and helping the American people to understand the importance of that day, but he decided to do something else instead. He decided, instead of giv-ing a speech, to recite a prayer. That prayer has become known as the ‘‘D- day Prayer.’’ It is a very powerful statement. About 2 years ago on this day, the 70th anniversary, we passed legislation in the Senate to actually ensure that prayer would be part of the World War II Memorial. We are now going through the process to have that included in the World War II Memorial so all Americans today, and the children and grandchildren of those World War II veterans and heroes, as they come to Washington, are able to see this prayer Franklin Delano Roosevelt said that day. I would like to read these words that were spoken 72 years ago by Presi-dent Roosevelt, if I might. He said: 
My fellow Americans: Last night, when I spoke with you about the fall of Rome, I knew at that moment that troops of the United States and our allies were crossing the Channel in another and greater oper-ation. It has come to pass with success thus far. And so, in this poignant hour, I ask you to join with me in prayer: Almighty God: Our sons, pride of our Na-tion, this day have set upon a mighty en-deavor, a struggle to preserve our Republic, our religion, and our civilization, and to set free a suffering humanity. Lead them straight and true, give strength to their arms, stoutness to their hearts, steadfastness to their faith. They will need Thy blessings. Their road will be long and hard. For the enemy is strong. He may hurl back our forces. Success may not come with rushing speed, but we shall return again and again; and we know that by Thy grace, and by the righteousness of our cause, our sons will triumph. They will be sore tried, by night and by day, without rest—until the victory is won. The darkness will be rent by noise and flame. Men’s souls will be shaken with the violences of war. For these men are lately drawn from the ways of peace. They fight not for the lust of conquest. They fight to end conquest. They fight to liberate. They fight to let justice arise, and tolerance and good will among all Thy people. They yearn but for the end of battle, for their return to the haven of home. Some will never return. Embrace these, Father, and receive them, Thy heroic serv-ants, into Thy kingdom. And for us at home—fathers, mothers, chil-dren, wives, sisters, and brothers of brave men overseas—whose thoughts and prayers are ever with them—help us, Almighty God, to rededicate ourselves in renewed faith in Thee in this hour of great sacrifice. Many people have urged that I call the Na-tion into a single day of special prayer. But 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.023 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3405 June 6, 2016 
because the road is long and the desire is great, I ask that our people devote them-selves in a continuance of prayer. As we rise to each new day, and again when each day is spent, let words of prayer be on our lips, in-voking Thy help to our efforts. Give us strength, too—strength in our daily tasks, to redouble the contributions we make in the physical and the material sup-port of our armed forces. And let our hearts be stout, to wait out the long travail, to bear sorrows that may come, to impart our courage unto our sons wheresoever they may be. And, O Lord, give us Faith. Give us Faith in Thee; Faith in our sons; Faith in each other; Faith in our crusade. Let not the keenness of our spirit ever be dulled. Let not the impacts of temporary events, of tem-poral matters of but fleeting moment let not these deter us in our unconquerable purpose. With Thy blessing, we shall prevail over the unholy forces of our enemy. Help us to conquer the apostles of greed and racial arrogancies. Lead us to the saving of our country, and with our sister Nations into a world unity that will spell a sure peace—a peace invulnerable to the schemings of un-worthy men. And a peace that will let all of men live in freedom, reaping the just re-wards of their honest toil. Thy will be done, Almighty God. Amen. 
This is the prayer that he spoke on D-day. What a powerful moment. On this day, 72 years later, we re-member the bravery and the sacrifice of D-day. We remember the fact that this was the beginning of the liberation of Europe, and, indeed, as President Roosevelt predicted, we would ulti-mately prevail, despite great losses. Let us also today, as we are talking on the floor—this evening, tomorrow, and through the week—about our de-fense forces, remember the importance of this prayer, as it talks about the need for us to ensure we do have a strong military and that we support those in the military forces as we take up the Defense authorization legisla-tion. Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 4206 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I yield back the time. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). All time has expired. The question occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 4206. Mr. MORAN. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. FLAKE ), the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) would have voted ‘‘yea’’ and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHN-
SON) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 91, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 89 Leg.] YEAS—91 
Alexander Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heller Hirono Inhofe Isakson Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—9 
Booker Coats Flake Heitkamp Hoeven Johnson Kirk Murkowski Sanders 
The amendment (No. 4206) was agreed to. (At the request of Mr. R
EID, the fol-lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
VOTE EXPLANATION  
∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today the Senate voted on amendment No. 4206 to S. 2943, the National Defense Authorization Act, NDAA, for fiscal year 2017. This amendment would en-sure that beneficiaries affected by changes to military health care de-signed to maintain critical wartime medical readiness skills and core com-petencies will be able to access through TRICARE medical services no longer available at military treatment facili-ties. I support this amendment because it ensures military families and retir-ees receive the care they deserve while allowing the military to focus on its wartime medical skills and training, and I would have voted in favor of it if I were present for the vote. Currently, the Military Health Sys-tem has the dual role of medically sup-porting wartime deployments while caring for Active Duty members, retir-ees, and their families in peacetime. However, the core competencies and skills required for wartime and peace-time medical care can, at times, di-verge. Great efficiencies can be found through public-private partnerships that can allow military medical profes-sionals to focus on their wartime skills, while allowing the civilian health system to provide more care to military families and retirees. In our fiscally constrained environment, we must ensure that we use our defense dollars for maximum effect. Amendment No. 4206 specifies how beneficiaries will receive care because of changes to the Military Health Sys-tem. The amendment also requires the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to Congress on the modifications to medical services, treatment facilities, and personnel in the Military Health System. This ensures appropriate over-sight of the Department of Defense’s reforms in this area. I will continue to work to ensure that the individuals that protect us every day receive the care and support that we owe them. ∑ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona AMENDMENT NO . 4229 (Purpose: To address unfunded priorities of the Armed Forces) 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 4229. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arizona [Mr. M CCAIN] proposes an amendment numbered 4229. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in the R
ECORD of May 25, 2016, under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the National De-fense Authorization Act, which we will be processing this week, I hope. Par-ticularly, I want to talk about Section 578. Section 578 is a provision designed to protect the children of our service-members and specifically to protect them while they are at school from convicted pedophiles and other dan-gerous felons. This is an issue I have been working on for 2
1⁄2years. My involvement re-sulted from hearing about a horrific story that is about a little boy name Jeremy Bell. The story begins at a school in Delaware County in South-eastern Pennsylvania. A schoolteacher there had molested several boys—had raped one. When the school officials and the local law enforcement figured out that something very, very wrong was going on, they unfortunately con-cluded that they just did not have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.025 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3406 June 6, 2016 
enough evidence. They did not have a strong case that they could bring against this teacher. The school wanted to get rid of him, and tragically they were OK with let-ting him become someone else’s prob-lem. They wrote a letter of rec-ommendation with the understanding that he would leave. This monster took the letter of recommendation, went across the State line to West Virginia, was hired as a teacher, and several years later he had become a principal. Of course, these people don’t change their ways, and he didn’t. He continued to molest and attack little boys. It ended when he raped and killed a 12- year-old boy named Jeremy Bell in West Virginia. That time, justice caught up with this teacher. He is now serving a life sentence in jail for that murder, but of course it is too late for Jeremy Bell. Tragically, Jeremy Bell is not alone. Since J
OEMANCHIN and I first began this effort in this Chamber 2
1⁄2years ago, at least 1,150 school employees have been arrested across the country for sexual misconduct with the kids whom they are supposed to be looking after, they are supposed to be caring for, and they are supposed to be teach-ing—1,150. That is more than one a day. Of course, those are the ones where the officials knew enough to feel confident that they could make an arrest and ac-tually press charges. How many more cases are actually happening? I would stress that these aren’t just numbers. Every one of these 1,150 arrests rep-resents a horrific tragedy and, in many cases, more than one. Consider a few examples from my State of Pennsylvania. Just this past January, the parents of children at Trinity High School in Washington County learned something absolutely horrific. They learned that a special education teacher there was charged with raping a little girl over a 15-year period. It started when she was just 3 years old, and they didn’t dis-cover this until she was 18. He had raped another little girl who was only 6 years old. Or consider the Phoenixville Area Middle School in Chester County. In November 2013, the school’s principal was sentenced to 2 years in prison for having child pornography. A month later, a special education and math teacher at the school was arrested for possessing child pornography, some in-volving very, very young children. It is hard to even talk about these things. It is very uncomfortable to hear about this, to talk about this, but we can’t shy away from this. If we think it is uncomfortable to think about it, talk about it, and hear about it, what about the experience for the child and the child’s family? Every day it seems there is a new story. In Pittsburgh, Plum High School, two teachers have pled guilty to having sex with younger students. A third one is awaiting trial on related charges. The DA is investigating allegations that the school superintendent and principal might have ignored reports of abuse along the way. Another teacher has been charged with witness intimidation. He made one of the victims, a girl who is a vic-tim, stand up in front of the class, and he mocked her because she brought the issue to the attention of the authori-ties. This is outrageous. This has to stop. I have vowed that I am going to do ev-erything I can to try to provide greater security to our kids in our schools. This past December we took a big step in the right direction, in my view. Congress passed legislation, and Presi-dent Obama signed it into law. It was legislation in the broader education bill we passed that had my legislation which now explicitly prohibits, forbids, knowingly recommending one of these monsters for hire. So exactly the cir-cumstances that gave rise to the mur-der of Jeremy Bell—where a school knows they have a pedophile, they dis-cover it, and they still send along a let-ter of recommendation so that he can become someone else’s problem—are now illegal, as well they should be. It is not as rare as you might think. In fact, the practice is so common that it is well understood in the circles of child advocates and the people who pros-ecute these crimes and who defend chil-dren when they have been victimized by these crimes. It is so common that it even has its own name. It is called ‘‘passing the trash.’’ But, unfortu-nately, when we got that piece of our legislation passed, we were not success-ful in persuading all of our colleagues that we also had to have another ele-ment to this. To really keep our kids safe, we need to make sure that we have a rigorous background check and that people aren’t able to skirt—and we know that does happen. I promised I would be back on the Senate floor to try to address this weakness, this loophole—the fact that we don’t have consistently rigorous background checks—to make sure that we are not hiring these creeps in the first place. I am very pleased to announce today that I think we are very close to tak-ing another step forward in this legis-lation, thanks to Chairman M
CCAIN, who just left the floor. But the senior Senator from Arizona, the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, incor-porated into this legislation, the na-tional defense authorization bill, the bill that I introduced to protect our servicemembers’ children. That is what it is called; it is called the Protecting Our Servicemembers’ Children from Sexual and Violent Predators Act. It simply states that a school district that accepts Impact money—that is the funding we approve in Congress; it runs through the Defense Department, and it goes to the school districts that are educating the children of our serv-icemembers when they are on a base. What our legislation says is that such a school district has to have a safe en-vironment for kids. That is all. They have to have a policy requiring crimi-nal background checks for all the school workers, any adults, who have unsupervised contact with children. If a person applies for a job with such a school and it turns out they have been convicted—not alleged, but convicted of a serious crime, including murder, rape, or any violent or sexual crime against children—then such a person may not be employed at a school in a capacity where they would have unsu-pervised access to children. As I said, this applies only to those school dis-tricts that receive Federal Impact Aid; that is, those school districts that re-ceive money to help compensate them for the fact that they are educating our military families’ children. It is about 17 percent of America’s school districts that receive this Federal Impact Aid. It is roughly 8.5 million kids. The legislation also applies to the DOD-operated schools. The Defense De-partment operates its own schools to educate the children of our military personnel. To the credit of the Defense Department, it is already their own in-ternal policy to require these appro-priate background checks that are rig-orous enough to make sure that we stop a violent predator from being hired in this capacity. Because it is just internal policy, it could change, and enforcement could lapse. What our legislation does is cod-ify it because this is the right thing to do. Let’s codify it. Since it is the right thing to do and we are doing it at our DOD schools, let’s also do it at the other schools that are educating our military families’ kids. I don’t think this should even be con-troversial. Pennsylvanians whom I talk to don’t think this is controversial. Of course, they think we should insist that our schools are at least as safe an environment as we can make them. While the men and women are pro-viding enormous service to all of us— the sacrifice they make by wearing the uniform, committing to serving in our Armed Forces—don’t we owe it to them to provide the level of protection that we can provide to their kids? I think we do. In addition, it shouldn’t be con-troversial because, substantively, this isn’t anything new. Last year every Member of Congress but one—the vote was 523 to 1, the House and the Senate—passed almost identical background check legislation with respect to daycare workers who worked for a daycare that got funding through the childcare and development block grant bill. In other words, we have already agreed. With 1 dissenting vote—out of 100 Senators and 435 House Members, there was 1 dissenting vote. Every other Senator and House Mem-ber on both sides of the aisle agreed that this level of background check se-curity ought to be provided for very young kids. Why wouldn’t we do it for slightly older kids—the kids who are in primary and secondary schools—as well? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.026 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3407 June 6, 2016 
Despite that, there is opposition. Just last week, the senior Senator from Illinois came to the floor to criti-cize my legislation. He stated: ‘‘This provision fails to provide adequate due process and civil rights protections for innocent individuals.’’ I want to ad-dress this because I couldn’t disagree more. First, it is important to note that our legislation—the legislation that forbids the hiring of these pedophiles, people who have committed these ter-rible crimes against kids—applies only if the applicant has been convicted of a crime. If you have been alleged or ru-mored—that is not what the legislation contemplates; it is only someone who has been convicted. The last time I checked, our criminal justice system was loaded with due process rights. In order to get a convic-tion, we have very elaborate processes that someone can avail themselves of, and of course they always do. So no-body has been convicted without hav-ing had the opportunity for all of us to pay for their lawyer to defend them, for instance, if they need to; to have a jury trial if they want to do that; all the civil rights guarantees throughout the Constitution. It is all there. Due process—they have already had enor-mous due process or they wouldn’t have been convicted. But our legislation goes a step be-yond that. What we do is we say that the applicant is entitled to a copy of the background check, so they get full disclosure of whatever was discovered, and the school district must have an appeals process if it turns out the ap-plicant is denied, because we acknowl-edge that it is conceivable that there could be a mistake. It could be like the wrong John Smith who is applying for a job at a school. There could be an error of some sort. In the first place, you have to have been convicted, and in the second place, you get to appeal. What more due process is necessary than that? Well, I can tell you because we have had this debate before, and some on the other side have suggested that they want something that I don’t even think qualifies as due process. It is a totally different category, but they call it due process. What they want is a carve-out. They want a minitrial. They want to give the convicted pedophile the oppor-tunity to make the case for why an ex-ception should be made in his case. It is unbelievable to me. How do I know this? Because last year 39 special inter-est groups sent a letter to the Senate asserting that it is unfair to deny even a convicted child molester a teaching job. They wrote this. I am going to quote from the letter briefly. It says: 
We believe that individuals who have been convicted of crimes and have completed their sentences should not be unnecessarily subjected to additional punishments because of these convictions. 
Let’s think about what they are say-ing. What they are explicitly saying is that a person could admit to and be convicted of raping a child, serve a sen-tence, walk out of prison, go down the road to the local elementary school, apply for a job as a teacher, and they should be hired. It is unbelievable. I am not suggesting that the pedophile should never be eligible to do any work at all, never have any job. That is not what I am saying. But how about we keep them away from young kids? Is that really unreasonable? That is all we are asking for. That is what we are saying. We have other colleagues who object to this notion, this legislative ap-proach, on the grounds that it offends their sense of federalism. They think we should leave it to the States to de-cide whether and to what extent the States and school districts will protect kids from predators. I strongly dis-agree with that for many reasons. We might well have an extended debate about that, but let me just give two brief ones. First, I think we have an oversight responsibility. I think the Pennsylva-nians who send me to the Senate and know I am casting votes on how we are going to spend their tax dollars expect that I am providing some kind of over-sight—such that, for instance, their tax dollars aren’t used to hire a pedophile in a school. That would not be a controversial notion with my con-stituents. The second thing is that the folks who are hung up on the federalism issue insist that every State is free to do what it wants to do. They have to be able to pass whatever laws—or not—as they see fit. What about the military family who can’t determine which State? They don’t get to pick the State in which they are based—not always. They are in a State. It is not their native State. They are assigned to that base in a par-ticular State, and they have to live with whatever the laws are there. Don’t we agree that every child in America deserves to have protection from these predators? I do. Our legislation doesn’t go that far. I wish it did. We tried, and I am not going to give up. But can’t we at least provide that security for the children of our military families? That is what our legislation does do. Again, I want to thank Chairman MCCAIN. He has been a consistent advo-cate for providing this level of protec-tion to children. He was a cosponsor of my legislation that prohibited passing the trash. His support was essential in getting it passed last year, and I am really proud of and grateful to him for working with me to incorporate the language of my legislation into our NDAA legislation. I strongly urge my colleagues that it is past time to act on this. As I said, Senator M
ANCHIN and I have been push-ing this for 2
1⁄2years, and in that time another 1,150 school employees have been arrested for sexual misconduct with the kids they are supposed to be taking care of. Clearly, we are not doing enough. And we really need to ask ourselves: How much bigger does that number have to get? How many more children have to have their childhoods ruined? How many families need to be torn apart before we are willing to pass this measure? I would argue that we have seen more than enough, the children of America have seen more than enough, and the children of the men and women who wear the uniform of this country and who make the sacrifices to protect and defend all of us absolutely deserve this protection. So I hope we will pass this Defense authorization bill with this language intact, and I once again express my ap-preciation to the chairman for putting it into the base text. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING MUHAMMAD ALI  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, over the weekend the world learned the sad news of the passing of Muhammad Ali. Ali was one of the preeminent ath-letes of the 20th century. His story was an American story. It is one that touched people in every corner of the world. It is one that began in my home-town of Louisville. Louisville is where he grew up. Louisville is where he fought his first professional fight. Lou-isville is where the Muhammad Ali Center stands today. It is a memorial to his legacy and to his life story. It is where mourners now lay flowers in his memory. As people around the world honor ‘‘The Greatest,’’ the spotlight shines bright upon his hometown. I wish to again add my condolences as well. I wish to again recognize a legend from Louisville who was more than just a boxer, he was an icon known for grace on his feet and power in his fists inside the ring and a great exuberance for life outside it. Mr. President, after needless and in-explicable delay by colleagues across the aisle, we have begun consideration of the National Defense Authorization Act today and will work to pass it this week. The NDAA authorizes funds aimed at meeting the combat-readiness needs of our armed services, maintaining our national security posture, and sup-porting defense health care and bene-fits for servicemembers and their fami-lies. It is an important measure we consider each year. It is especially crit-ical today given the myriad of threats facing our country. The next Commander in Chief, re-gardless of party, will take office fac-ing a number of security challenges— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.028 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3408 June 6, 2016 
everything from instability in Libya, Syria, and Yemen, to a belligerent North Korea, to a newly aggressive Russia. It is imperative to do what we can now to better position our country to confront challenges currently facing us and to better prepare for those yet to come. Ensuring military readiness and keeping Americans safe should be a top priority for all of us, so I would encour-age my colleagues to put aside partisan politics and work together to bring this NDAA across the finish line this week. We may pass the bill on Friday, we may pass it sooner, but we will pass it this week. So let’s all work hard to do so. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE AMERICAN CIVIL LIBERTIES UNION OF NEVADA Mr. REID. Mr. President. today I wish to recognize the 50th anniversary of the American Civil Liberties Union, ACLU, of Nevada. Since it was established in 1966, the ACLU of Nevada has been dedicated to protecting the civil rights and liberties of all Nevadans. The organization, which was founded in a living room by a group of volunteers, had humble be-ginnings, but has grown to include 2,000 members throughout the Silver State. The ACLU of Nevada has been instru-mental in defending voting, free speech, and other rights protected by the U.S. and Nevada Constitutions. The organization also works on other issues of importance to Nevadans, including privacy, public education, racial jus-tice, criminal justice reform, and mar-riage equality. For instance, the ACLU of Nevada’s efforts contributed to a successful outcome in the Nevada mar-riage equality case. Through public education, advocacy, and litigation, the ACLU of Nevada defends and ad-vances the civil rights and liberties of Nevadans. I commend the ACLU of Nevada for 50 years of exceptional service, and I applaud executive director Tod Story and his dedicated staff for their fine leadership of this organization. As the ACLU of Nevada begins its next chap-ter in protecting civil liberties in the Silver State, I wish the organization continued success. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the RECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA 22202–5408 Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–17, concerning the Department of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Ac-ceptance to the Government of Australia for defense articles and services estimated to cost $301 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J
ENNIFER ZAKRISKI , (For J.W. Rixey, Vice Admiral, USN, Director.) Enclosures: 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–17 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Australia. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $216 million Other $85 million Total $301 million (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Up to eighty (80) STANDARD Missile, SM– 2 Block IIIB Vertical Launching Tactical All-Up Rounds, RIM–66M–09. Up to fifteen (15) MK 97 SM–2 Block IIIB Guidance Sections (GSs). Non-MDE: This request also includes the following Non-MDE: MK 13 MOD 0 Vertical Launching System Canisters, operator manuals and technical documentation, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services. (iv) Military Department: Navy (AMM). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: AT–P–AYR– 28 JUL 10–$39,499,569, AT–P–LCY–30 APR 05– $221,521,728, AT–P–GSQ–22 APR 11–$58,842,285 (vi) (vii) Sales Commission, Fee. etc. Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (viii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Annex attached. (ix) Date Report Delivered to Congress: May 27, 2016. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Australia–SM–2 Block IIIB STANDARD Missiles The Government of Australia requested a possible sale of: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Up to eighty (80) STANDARD Missile, SM– 2 Block IIIB Vertical Launching Tactical All-Up Rounds, RIM–66M–09. Up to fifteen (15) MK 97 SM–2 Block IIIB Guidance Sections (GSs). This request also includes the following Non-MDE: MK 13 MOD 0 Vertical Launching System Canisters, operator manuals and technical documentation, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and lo-gistics support services. The total estimated value of MDE is $216 million. The total overall estimated value is $301 million. Australia is one of the major political and economic powers in Southeast Asia, a key democratic partner of the United States in ensuring regional peace and stability, a close coalition ally in major/lesser regional con-tingency operations, and a close cooperative and international exchange agreement part-ner. It is vital to U.S. national interests that Australia develops and maintains a strong and ready self-defense capability. This sale is consistent with U.S. regional objectives. The SM–2 Block IIIB missiles proposed in this purchase will be used for anti-air war-fare test firings during Combat Systems Ship Qualification Trials for the Royal Australian Navy’s three new Air Warfare Destroyers (AWD) currently under construction). The SM–2 Block IIIB missiles, combined with the Aegis combat systems in the AWDs, will pro-vide significantly enhanced area defense ca-pabilities over critical South East Asian air- and-sea-lines of communication. Australia has already integrated the SM–2 Block IIIA into its Perry-class FFGs and recently up-graded its Intermediate-Level Maintenance Depot at Defense Establishment Orchard Hills with new guided missile test equipment capable of maintaining the SM–2 All-Up Round. Australia will have no difficulty ab-sorbing these new missiles. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractors will be Raytheon Missile Systems Company, Tucson, Arizona; Raytheon Company, Camden, Arkansas; and BAE of Minneapolis and Aberdeen, South Da-kota. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this sale will not re-quire the assignment of any U.S. or con-tractor representatives to Australia. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–17 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. A completely assembled STANDARD Missile–2 (SM–2) Block IIIB with or without a conventional warhead, whether a tactical, telemetry or inert (training) configuration, is classified CONFIDENTIAL. Missile compo-nent hardware includes: Guidance Section (classified CONFIDENTIAL), Target Detec-tion Device (classified CONFIDENTIAL), Warhead (UNCLASSIFIED), Rocket Motor (UNCLASSIFIED), Steering Control Section (UNCLASSIFIED), Safe and Arming Device (UNCLASSIFIED), Autopilot Battery Unit (classified CONFIDENTIAL), and if telem-etry missiles, AN/DKT–71 Telemeters (UN-CLASSIFIED). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.036 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3409 June 6, 2016 
2. SM–2 operator and maintenance docu-mentation is usually CONFIDENTIAL. Ship-board operation/firing guidance is generally CONFIDENTIAL. Pre-firing missile assem-bly/pedigree information is UNCLASSIFIED. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures that might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 4. A determination has been made that Australia can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national secu-rity objectives outlined in the Policy Jus-tification. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Government of Aus-tralia. f 
CENTENNIAL OF THE WYOMING DENTAL ASSOCIATION Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I am honored to recognize the Wyoming Dental Association as it celebrates its 100th anniversary. This historic mile-stone marks the success of the organi-zation’s efforts to assist its members in their mission of achieving the highest level of patient care for Wyoming. Life on the frontier posed many chal-lenges for Wyoming’s first dentists. Pioneer practitioners often traveled long distances through rugged terrain to treat their patients. Armed with ru-dimentary tools, including forceps, pedal-powered drills, and whiskey to kill the pain, these circuit riders treat-ed patients with little or no oversight. Seeing a need for standardization, the Wyoming Legislature created the Wyo-ming Board of Dental Examiners, which required all practicing dentists to register with the State. In 1916, sev-eral licensed dentists joined to form the Wyoming Dental Association, an organization dedicated to supporting the State’s dentists. From that day forward, the association’s members dedicated themselves toward advancing the practice of dentistry. Thanks to extensive progress made in technology and medical care, modern oral health care has dramatically im-proved. Today there are over 500 li-censed dentists in Wyoming. Our State’s dentists are dedicated to their patients’ health, not only providing dental care, but also educating the public on the importance of oral hy-giene. Every dentist has adopted a pro-fessional code of ethics and works to maintain the highest standards of ex-cellence. The Wyoming Dental Association is a leader in promoting dental hygiene. Through its dedicated advocacy and leadership, the association collaborates with the Wyoming Legislature, local government agencies, and nonprofit or-ganizations to help the people of Wyo-ming. Their achievements are impres-sive. In particular, dentists around the State volunteered hundreds of hours to complete Wyoming’s oral health initia-tive, which was designed to gauge the overall dental health of residents. The initiative provided stakeholders with valuable data which led to the develop-ment of strategies to improve edu-cation and access to care. Thanks to the Wyoming Dental Association’s par-ticipation in this crucial study, the State is advancing dental health care to new levels of success. After 100 years, the Wyoming Dental Association is stronger than ever thanks to its incredible leadership. The dedicated efforts of the association’s executive director, Diane Bouzis, and its current board of directors continue to improve the services its members re-ceive. Thank you to President Mike Shane, President-elect Dana Leroy, Vice President Lance Griggs, Sec-retary-Treasurer Deb Shevick, and ADA delegates Rod Hill and Brad Kincheloe. We also acknowledge the hard work of the State’s district direc-tors, including Lorraine Gallagher, Brian Cotant, Steve Harmon, Paul Dona, Aaron Taff, and Leslie Basse. These incredible individuals serve the association and their patients with great integrity. The Wyoming Dental Association is a remarkable organization committed to improving dental health care in all of Wyoming’s communities. I am pleased to offer my sincere appreciation to the members of the Wyoming Dental Asso-ciation as they celebrate their centen-nial. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CARL GULBRANDSEN Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Carl Gulbrandsen on his retirement from the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation, or WARF. After 19 impressive years at the foundation, 16 years as managing direc-tor, Carl committed his career to en-suring the success of WARF and its mission to support, aid, and encourage UW-Madison research by protecting its discoveries and licensing them for use around the world. Carl’s journey began when he en-listed in the military during the last years of the Vietnam war. Carl was sta-tioned at a medical post in Germany, leading him to later obtain a Ph.D. in physiology from the University of Wis-consin-Madison in 1978. That same year, he began law school, as his med-ical background ignited an interest in the law and its impact on medical reg-ulations. After serving as a litigation lawyer at the firm of Ross and Stevens for sev-eral years, Carl decided to expand his legal practice, taking the patent law exam in 1985. Carl’s first case secured a patent for vitamin D metabolism, a discovery made by Heinrich Schnoes and Hector DeLuca of UW-Madison’s biochemistry department, who went on to become WARF’s most prolific patent holder. Guided by his academic background, Carl’s patent litigation career flour-ished. Carl firmly believed in the ‘‘Wis-consin Idea’’: the scientific research and work done at the University of Wisconsin should benefit the State as a whole. After a decade working in pri-vate practice, Carl joined WARF in 1997 as a legal adviser. In 2000, Carl took over as managing director, determined to create a transparent organization known for its deep and broad ranging expertise. Over the last 16 years as managing director, Carl’s leadership has often called for grace under fire. In 1998, Dr. James Thomson’s break-through research on human embryonic stem cells was considered one of the discoveries of the century, while at the same time sparking controversy and debate over the ethics of stem cell use. Carl’s leadership ensured WARF’s suc-cess amidst controversy, allowing re-searchers to continue their important research. Today, Dr. Thomson’s work continues through the nonprofit WiCell Research Institute, which provides stem cell resources to more than 300 labs worldwide, assisting scientists in the discovery of new breakthroughs in stem cell applications. Under Carl’s direction, WARF achieved significant global impact and continues to give back to the UW com-munity and the Wisconsin economy as a whole. Since 2000, WARF’s endow-ment has doubled to $2.86 billion, ena-bling it to gift $895 million to the UW- Madison, ensuring its continued suc-cess as a top research institution. Ad-ditionally, Carl helped establish WiSys Technology Foundation to guarantee that the impressive scientific advances at campuses throughout the UW Sys-tem go beyond campus laboratories and into the marketplace. As his tenure as managing director comes to a close, Carl’s work and ex-pertise has firmly established WARF as one of the Nation’s most respected sci-entific organizations. Under his leader-ship, WARF helped shape stem cell pol-icy, brought forth new cancer thera-pies, and created countless tech-nologies that will improve and even save lives. Although I am sure he will be missed by colleagues and those whose lives he has impacted, I am ex-cited that he will have the opportunity to pursue other goals. I wish him, his wife, Mary, and their family well as they write the next chapter of their lives. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DR. JANIE DARR ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I honor Rogers School District Super-intendent Dr. Janie Darr, who will re-tire this month after nearly five dec-ades of commitment to education in the community. For more than 40 years, Dr. Darr has served the Rogers School District, beginning as an English teacher in 1967, before working her way up to administrative assistant and eventually superintendent when chosen by the school board in 1999. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.048 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3410 June 6, 2016 
During her tenure with the school district, she has made sure that stu-dents come first. Rogers High School has been named as one of the best high schools in the State and Nation by U.S. News and World Report under the di-rection of Dr. Darr. She has directed the district in times of fast growth and increased diversity. The Rogers School Board recognized Dr. Darr’s dedication to education by naming its newest ele-mentary school in her honor. The Janie Darr Elementary School opened in 2014 and has the capacity to serve up to 750 students. Dr. Darr has a special way of treating everyone with dignity and respect, so it is no surprise that public service is a centerpiece of her life. If serving as su-perintendent isn’t enough to keep her busy, her commitment to the commu-nity and the State keep her active in a variety of other roles, including service on the Arvest Bank Board, United Way, Ozark Guidance Center, and Rogers Historical Museum boards. She is an ex-officio member of the Rogers Public Education Foundation board and a life-time member of the parent-teacher as-sociation. She is an active member of Central United Methodist Church in Rogers, where she is a trustee and former staff-parish relations and edu-cation committee chair, as well as a former Sunday school teacher and youth counselor. I congratulate Dr. Janie Darr for her outstanding commitment to education, the Rogers School District, and our community as a whole. As a member of the Rogers School Board for many years, I had the privilege of working closely with Dr. Darr and have greatly appreciated her friendship and leader-ship. I enjoyed supporting her efforts to continue making the school district a positive experience for students, fac-ulty, and staff. I wish her continued success in retirement. Rogers School District is much improved thanks to the dedicated leadership of Dr. Darr. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING FORT SMITH NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE ∑Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, in honor of the National Park Service’s 100th birthday year, I want to recognize Fort Smith National Historic Site in Fort Smith, AR. Situated along the Arkan-sas River, Fort Smith was officially recognized as a historic site in 1961 to preserve two frontier forts from the 19th century, as well as the courtroom of the U.S. District Court for the West-ern District of Arkansas. These sites are a wonderful representation of the history of the Arkansas River Valley. The first fort was first established to resolve disputes between the Osage and Cherokee in 1817. But as frontier settle-ment continued further west, the fort was eventually abandoned in 1824. The remnants of its foundation were later uncovered by archeologists and are visible on site today. The second fort was built in 1838, just 2 years after Arkansas officially be-came a State. It served a variety of functions for over three decades. Two of the fort’s original buildings are still intact today and are open for tours. Visitors to Fort Smith can make a stop in the fort’s original commissary build-ing and experience firsthand what it was like when it functioned as supply warehouse for provisions waiting to be sent to troops out west. Fort Smith is also home to the jail and courtroom where the infamous Judge Isaac Parker—also called the hanging judge for the number of death sentences he handed down—presided for two decades in the late 19th century. Although jurisdiction of this particular court has since shifted, at the time, Judge Parker and the court wielded vast influence over an expansive area. The Fort Smith National Historic Site is just another example of Arkan-sas’ rich American history. I encourage Arkansans and all Americans to stop by and learn about some of the promi-nent figures and characters in 19th cen-tury Arkansas—including U.S. mar-shals, outlaws, and judges. In honor of the National Park Service’s 100th year, I encourage you to find your park. ∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on May 27, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker has signed the following en-rolled bill: 
S. 184. An act to amend the Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require background checks before fos-ter care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bill was signed on May 27, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. C
ASSIDY ). 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on June 3, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. COMSTOCK ) has signed the following enrolled bills: 
H.R. 136. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, California, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office’’. H.R. 433. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 523 East Railroad Street in Knox, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Specialist Ross A. McGinnis Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 1132. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, California, as the ‘‘W. Ronald Coale Memo-rial Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2458. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5351 Lapalco Boulevard in Marrero, Lou-isiana, as the ‘‘Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Of-fice Building’’. H.R. 2928. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’. H.R. 3082. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5919 Chef Menteur Highway in New Orle-ans, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Daryle Holloway Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3274. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Geor-gia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Of-fice’’. H.R. 3601. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Benson Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3735. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 Town Run Lane in Winston Salem, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Maya Angelou Me-morial Post Office’’. H.R. 3866. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1265 Hurffville Road in Deptford Town-ship, New Jersey, as the ‘‘First Lieutenant Salvatore S. Corma II Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4046. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 220 East Oak Street, Glenwood City, Wis-consin, as the Second Lt. Ellen Ainsworth Memorial Post Office. H.R. 4605. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 615 6th Avenue SE in Cedar Rapids, Iowa as the ‘‘Sgt. 1st Class Terryl L. Pasker Post Office Building’’. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled bills were signed on June 3, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. M
CCONNELL ). 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on June 3, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker has signed the following joint resolution: 
H.J. Res. 88. Joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to the definition of the term ‘‘Fiduciary’’. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 6, 2015, the en-rolled joint resolution was signed on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.031 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3411 June 6, 2016 
June 3, 2016, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Acting President pro tempore (Mr. M
CCONNELL ). 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 3011. A bill to improve the account-ability, efficiency, transparency, and overall effectiveness of the Federal Government. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on May 27, 2016, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 184. An act to amend the Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Prevention Act to require background checks before fos-ter care placements are ordered in tribal court proceedings, and for other purposes. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. BURR, from the Select Committee on Intelligence, without amendment: S. 3017. An original bill to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BURR: S. 3017. An original bill to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes; from the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence; placed on the calendar. By Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. R
ISCH, Ms. C
OLLINS , and Mr. H EINRICH ): S. 3018. A bill to provide for the establish-ment of a pilot program to identify security vulnerabilities of certain entities in the en-ergy sector; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 3019. A bill to require the Secretary of Defense to implement processes and proce-dures to provide expedited evaluation and treatment for prenatal surgery under the TRICARE program; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. GARDNER: S. 3020. A bill to update the map of, and modify the acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ): S. 3021. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the use of Post-9/11 Educational Assistance to pursue inde-pendent study programs at certain edu-cational institutions that are not institu-tions of higher learning; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mrs. BOXER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. R EID, Mr. S
CHUMER , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ): S. 3022. A bill to designate certain National Forest System land and certain public land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior in the States of Idaho, Montana, Or-egon, Washington, and Wyoming as wilder-ness, wild and scenic rivers, wildland recov-ery areas, and biological connecting cor-ridors, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL: S. 3023. A bill to provide for the reconsider-ation of claims for disability compensation for veterans who were the subjects of experi-ments by the Department of Defense during World War II that were conducted to assess the effects of mustard gas or lewisite on peo-ple, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 3024. A bill to improve cyber security for small businesses; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. K IRK): S. Res. 482. A resolution urging the Euro-pean Union to designate Hizballah in its en-tirety as a terrorist organization and to in-crease pressure on the organization and its members to the fullest extent possible; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. Res. 483. A resolution designating June 20, 2016, as ‘‘American Eagle Day’’ and cele-brating the recovery and restoration of the bald eagle, the national symbol of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. R
EID): S. Res. 484. A resolution authorizing the taking of a photograph in the Senate Cham-ber; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 271 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 271, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired members of the uniformed services who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for their disability and either re-tired pay by reason of their years of military service or Combat-Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 356 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 356, a bill to improve the provisions relating to the privacy of electronic communications. S. 366 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 366, a bill to require Sen-ate candidates to file designations, statements, and reports in electronic form. 
S. 386 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) and the Senator from Ari-zona (Mr. M
CCAIN) were added as co-sponsors of S. 386, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain in-come of employees for employment du-ties performed in other States. 
S. 579 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 579, a bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 to strengthen the independence of the In-spectors General, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 591 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 591, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 698 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 698, a bill to restore States’ sov-ereign rights to enforce State and local sales and use tax laws, and for other purposes. 
S. 979 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 979, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1062 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1062, a bill to improve the Fed-eral Pell Grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1473 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1473, a bill to authorize the appropria-tion of funds to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for conducting or supporting research on firearms safety or gun violence prevention. 
S. 1479 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1479, a bill to amend the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.008 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3412 June 6, 2016 
modify provisions relating to grants, and for other purposes. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform tax-ation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1566 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1566, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to require group and individual health insurance coverage and group health plans to pro-vide for coverage of oral anticancer drugs on terms no less favorable than the coverage provided for anticancer medications administered by a health care provider. 
S. 2175 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2175, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2200 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2200, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to strengthen equal pay requirements. 
S. 2301 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2301, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to strengthen requirements related to nutrient information on food labels, and for other purposes. 
S. 2424 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2424, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard- of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children. 
S. 2487 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2487, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention pro-grams and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary, and for other purposes. At the request of Mrs. B
OXER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2487, supra. 
S. 2595 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2595, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently ex-tend the railroad track maintenance credit. S. 2596 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2596, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit veterans who have a service-connected, perma-nent disability rated as total to travel on military aircraft in the same man-ner and to the same extent as retired members of the Armed Forces entitled to such travel. 
S. 2598 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2598, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recogni-tion of the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 2655 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2655, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the historic rehabilitation tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 2659 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ES-
SIONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2659, a bill to reaffirm that the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency cannot regulate vehicles used solely for com-petition, and for other purposes. 
S. 2717 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2717, a bill to improve the safety and address the deferred mainte-nance needs of Indian dams to prevent flooding on Indian reservations, and for other purposes. 
S. 2773 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2773, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of dis-crimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2800 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ), the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2800, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide an exclusion from in-come for student loan forgiveness for students who have died or become dis-abled. 
S. 2854 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. MARKEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2854, a bill to reauthorize the Em-mett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007. 
S. 2882 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2882, a bill to facilitate efficient State implementation of ground-level ozone standards, and for other purposes. 
S. 2904 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2904, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the five month waiting pe-riod for disability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 2944 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2944, a bill to require adequate reporting on the Public Safe-ty Officers’ Benefit program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2993 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2993, a bill to direct the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy to change the spill prevention, con-trol, and countermeasure rule with re-spect to certain farms. 
S. 3007 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3007, a bill to prohibit funds from being obligated or expended to aid, support, permit, or facilitate the certification or approval of any new sensor for use by the Russian Federation on observa-tion flights under the Open Skies Trea-ty unless the President submits a cer-tification related to such sensor to Congress and for other purposes. 
S. 3012 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3012, a bill to amend the Federal Power Act to establish an Of-fice of Public Participation and Con-sumer Advocacy. 
S. CON. RES. 35 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Con. Res. 35, a concurrent res-olution expressing the sense of Con-gress that the United States should continue to exercise its veto in the United Nations Security Council on resolutions regarding the Israeli-Pales-tinian peace process. 
S. RES. 462 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.010 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3413 June 6, 2016 
DURBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 462, a resolution urging the United States Soccer Federation to imme-diately eliminate gender pay inequity and treat all athletes with the same re-spect and dignity. 
S. RES. 478 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 478, a resolution expressing sup-port for the designation of June 2, 2016, as ‘‘National Gun Violence Awareness Day’’ and June 2016 as ‘‘National Gun Violence Awareness Month’’ . 
AMENDMENT NO . 4067 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) and the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4067 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4112 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 4112 in-tended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4120 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4120 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4138 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Mon-tana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4138 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4175 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4175 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 4215 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Sen-ator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 4215 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4227 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4227 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4235 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 4235 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4250 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4250 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4252 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4252 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 4295 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4295 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4334 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4334 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4346 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4346 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4356 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 4356 intended to be proposed to S. 2943, an original bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4369 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ), the Sen-ator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
AR-
KEY), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Sen-ator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ), the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. B
OXER ), the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), the Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.013 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3414 June 6, 2016 
from Massachusetts (Ms. W ARREN ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 4369 intended to be pro-posed to S. 2943, an original bill to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 482—URGING THE EUROPEAN UNION TO DES-IGNATE HIZBALLAH IN ITS EN-TIRETY AS A TERRORIST ORGA-NIZATION AND TO INCREASE PRESSURE ON THE ORGANIZA-TION AND ITS MEMBERS TO THE FULLEST EXTENT POSSIBLE Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. K IRK) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 482 Whereas in July 2012, a Hizballah terror at-tack in Bulgaria killed 5 Israeli tourists and 1 Bulgarian; Whereas in March 2013, a Hizballah opera-tive in Cyprus was convicted of planning ter-ror attacks after admitting that he was a member of Hizballah, had been trained in the use of weapons, and used a dual Swedish-Leb-anese passport to travel around Europe on missions as a courier and scout for Hizballah; Whereas although that Hizballah operative was convicted on criminal-related charges, authorities had to drop terrorism charges against him because Hizballah was not listed as a terrorist organization; Whereas in July 2013, the European Union (referred to in this Resolution as the ‘‘EU’’) designated Hizballah’s so-called ‘‘military wing’’, but not the organization as a whole, as a terrorist organization; Whereas the EU designation of Hizballah’s military wing has enabled substantial and important cooperation between United States and European authorities aimed at uncovering and thwarting Hizballah’s inter-national criminal activities, such as drug trafficking and money laundering, the pro-ceeds of which are used to purchase weapons and advance Hizballah’s terrorist aims; Whereas the Hizballah International Fi-nancing Prevention Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–102) was signed into law in December 2015, broadening financial sector sanctions against Hizballah to compel foreign financial institutions to refrain from supporting the terrorist group; Whereas in February 2016, the United States Drug Enforcement Administration and U.S. Customs and Border Protection partnered with counterparts in France, Ger-many, Italy, and Belgium to arrest top lead-ers of the European cell of Hizballah’s Exter-nal Security Organization Business Affairs Component, which engages in international money laundering and drug trafficking to support Hizballah’s terror activities; Whereas for many years, Iran and Syria have been the prime sponsors of Hizballah, by harboring, financing, training, and arm-ing the terrorist group; Whereas according to the Department of State’s Country Reports on Terrorism, Iran has armed Hizballah, provided hundreds of millions of dollars in support of Hizballah, and trained thousands of its fighters; Whereas Hizballah now has an arsenal of approximately 150,000 missiles and rockets, many of which can reach deep into Israel, at a time when Hizballah Secretary General Hassan Nasrallah is threatening to invade Galilee or attack civilian Israeli chemical plants to generate mass destruction; Whereas while the EU confronts the mi-grant crisis sparked by violence in Syria, 6,000 to 8,000 Hizballah fighters have been on the ground in Syria aiding the Assad regime in its slaughter of innocent Syrians; Whereas the Lebanese Armed Forces, the legitimate security establishment of the country as set forth in United Nations Secu-rity Council Resolution 1701 (2006), are strug-gling to control the flow of weapons and Hizballah fighters at its borders; Whereas Hizballah trains and provides weapons for armed groups in Iraq and Yemen, further destabilizing the region and perpetuating violence in those countries; Whereas in October 2012, Hizballah Deputy Secretary General Naim Qassem stated that Hizballah does not ‘‘have a military wing and a political one . . . Every element of Hizballah, from commanders to members as well as our various capabilities, are in the service of the resistance’’; Whereas the United States, Canada, Israel, and the Netherlands have designated Hizballah in its entirety as a terrorist orga-nization, while Australia and New Zealand have applied the designation to the organiza-tion’s military wing; Whereas in March 2016, the Gulf Coopera-tion Council, composed of Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates, formally branded Hizballah, in its entirety, a terrorist organization, and the League of Arab States shortly thereafter adopted the same designation; and Whereas in April 2016, the Organization of Islamic Cooperation, denounced Hizballah’s ‘‘terrorist acts’’ in the Middle East: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) expresses appreciation to the EU for the progress made in countering Hizballah since the EU designated Hizballah’s military wing as a terrorist organization; (2) expresses support for the continued, in-creased cooperation between the United States and the EU in thwarting Hizballah’s criminal and terrorist activities; and (3) urges the EU to designate Hizballah in its entirety as a terrorist organization and increase pressure on the group, including through— (A) facilitating better cross-border co-operation between EU members in com-bating Hizballah; (B) issuing arrest warrants against mem-bers and active supporters of Hizballah; (C) freezing Hizballah’s assets in Europe, including those masquerading as charities; and (D) prohibiting fundraising activities in support of Hizballah. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 483—DESIG-NATING JUNE 20, 2016, AS ‘‘AMER-ICAN EAGLE DAY’’ AND CELE-BRATING THE RECOVERY AND RESTORATION OF THE BALD EAGLE, THE NATIONAL SYMBOL OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: S. R ES. 483 Whereas the bald eagle was chosen as the central image of the Great Seal of the United States on June 20, 1782, by the Founding Fa-thers at the Congress of the Confederation; Whereas the bald eagle is widely known as the living national symbol of the United States and for many generations has rep-resented values such as— (1) freedom; (2) democracy; (3) courage; (4) strength; (5) spirit; (6) independence; (7) justice; and (8) excellence; Whereas the bald eagle is unique only to North America and cannot be found natu-rally in any other part of the world, which was one of the primary reasons the Founding Fathers selected the bald eagle to symbolize the Government of the United States; Whereas the bald eagle is the central image used in the official logos of many branches and departments of the Federal Government, including— (1) the Office of the President; (2) Congress; (3) the Supreme Court; (4) the Department of Defense; (5) the Department of the Treasury; (6) the Department of Justice; (7) the Department of State; (8) the Department of Commerce; (9) the Department of Homeland Security; (10) the Department of Veterans Affairs; (11) the Department of Labor; (12) the Department of Health and Human Services; (13) the Department of Energy; (14) the Department of Housing and Urban Development; (15) the Central Intelligence Agency; and (16) the United States Postal Service; Whereas the bald eagle is an inspiring sym-bol of the spirit of freedom and the sov-ereignty of the United States; Whereas the image and symbolism of the bald eagle has played a significant role in art, music, literature, architecture, com-merce, education, and culture in the United States, and on United States stamps, cur-rency, and coinage; Whereas the bald eagle was once endan-gered and facing possible extinction in the lower 48 States, but has made a gradual and encouraging comeback to the lands, water-ways, and skies of the United States; Whereas the dramatic recovery of the na-tional bird of the United States is an endan-gered species success story and an inspira-tional example to other environmental, nat-ural resource, and wildlife conservation ef-forts worldwide; Whereas, in 1940, noting that the species was ‘‘threatened with extinction’’, Congress passed the Bald Eagle Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.), which prohibited killing, selling, or possessing the species, and a 1962 amendment expanded protection to the gold-en eagle, thereby establishing the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act; Whereas, by 1963, there were only an esti-mated 417 nesting pairs of bald eagles re-maining in the lower 48 States, with loss of habitat, poaching, and the use of pesticides and other environmental contaminants con-tributing to the near demise of the national bird of the United States; Whereas the bald eagle was officially de-clared an endangered species in 1967 under the Endangered Species Preservation Act of 1966 (Public Law 89–669; 80 Stat. 926) in all areas of the United States south of the 40th parallel due to the dramatic decline in the population of the bald eagle in the lower 48 States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.014 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3415 June 6, 2016 
Whereas the Endangered Species Act (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) was signed into law in 1973 and, in 1978, the bald eagle was listed as ‘‘endangered’’ throughout the lower 48 states, except in Michigan, Minnesota, Or-egon, Washington, and Wisconsin, where it was designated as ‘‘threatened’’; Whereas, in July 1995, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service announced that bald eagles in the lower 48 States had recov-ered to the point where populations of bald eagles previously considered ‘‘endangered’’ were now considered ‘‘threatened’’; Whereas, by 2007, bald eagles residing in the lower 48 States had rebounded to ap-proximately 11,000 pairs; Whereas the United States Department of the Interior and the United States Fish and Wildlife Service removed the bald eagle from Endangered Species Act protection on June 28, 2007, but the species continues to be pro-tected under the Bald and Golden Eagle Pro-tection Act of 1940 (16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.), the Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918 (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.), and the Lacey Act and the amendments thereto (16 U.S.C. 3371 et seq.); Whereas the trained, educational bald eagle ‘‘Challenger’’ of the American Eagle Foundation in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee, was invited by the United States Department of the Interior to perform a free-flight dem-onstration during the official bald eagle delisting ceremony held at the Jefferson Me-morial in Washington, DC; Whereas experts and population growth charts estimate that the bald eagle popu-lation could reach 15,000 pairs, even though a physical count has not been conducted by State and Federal wildlife agencies since 2007; Whereas caring and concerned agencies, corporations, organizations, and people of the United States representing the Federal, State, and private sectors passionately and resourcefully banded together, determined to save and protect the national bird of the United States; Whereas the recovery of the bald eagle pop-ulation in the United States was largely ac-complished due to the dedicated and vigilant efforts of Federal and State wildlife agencies and non-profit organizations, such as the American Eagle Foundation, through public education, captive breeding and release pro-grams, hacking and release programs, and the translocation of bald eagles from places in the United States with dense bald eagle populations to suitable locations in the lower 48 States which had suffered a decrease in bald eagle populations; Whereas various non-profit organizations, such as the Southeastern Raptor Center at Auburn University in the State of Alabama, contribute to the continuing recovery of the bald eagle through rehabilitation and edu-cational efforts; Whereas the bald eagle might have been lost permanently if not for dedicated con-servation efforts and strict protection laws like the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act of 1940 (16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.), the Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918 (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.), and the Lacey Act and the amendments thereto (16 U.S.C. 3371 et seq.); and Whereas the sustained recovery of the bald eagle population will require the continu-ation of recovery, management, education, and public awareness programs to ensure that the population numbers and habitat of the bald eagle will remain healthy and se-cure for generations to come: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates June 20, 2016, as ‘‘American Eagle Day’’; (2) applauds the issuance of bald eagle commemorative coins by the Secretary of the Treasury as a way to generate critical funds for the protection of the bald eagle; and (3) encourages— (A) educational entities, organizations, businesses, conservation groups, and govern-ment agencies with a shared interest in con-serving endangered species to collaborate and develop educational tools for use in the public schools of the United States; and (B) the people of the United States to ob-serve American Eagle Day with appropriate ceremonies and other activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 484—AU-THORIZING THE TAKING OF A PHOTOGRAPH IN THE SENATE CHAMBER Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. R
EID) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 484 Resolved, That paragraph 1 of rule IV of the Rules for the Regulation of the Senate Wing of the United States Capitol and Senate Of-fice Buildings (prohibiting the taking of pic-tures in the Senate Chamber) be temporarily suspended for the sole and specific purpose of permitting the Senate Photographic Studio to photograph the Senate in actual session on Tuesday, June 14, 2016, at the hour of 2:15 p.m. S
EC. 2. The Sergeant at Arms of the Senate is authorized and directed to make the nec-essary arrangements therefore, which ar-rangements shall provide for a minimum of disruption to Senate proceedings. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 4372. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4373. Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4374. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4375. Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. K IRK, and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4376. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4377. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4378. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4379. Mr. CORKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4380. Mr. CORKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4381. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4382. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4383. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4384. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4385. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4386. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4387. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4388. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. HEINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4389. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4390. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4391. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. B
OOKER , and Mrs . B OXER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4392. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4393. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4394. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4395. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4396. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4397. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4398. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4399. Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4400. Mr. M
CCAIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4401. Mr. REID (for Mr. B
OOKER (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN )) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. R
EIDto the bill S. 2943, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.027 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3416 June 6, 2016 
SA 4402. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4403. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4404. Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. M
UR-
PHY, and Mr. L EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4405. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4406. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4407. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4408. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4409. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4410. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4411. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4412. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4413. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4414. Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4415. Mr. KAINE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4416. Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4417. Mr. KAINE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4418. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4419. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4420. Mr. CORKER (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4421. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. H EINRICH ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4422. Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. K IRK) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4423. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4424. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4425. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4426. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4427. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4428. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4429. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4430. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4431. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4432. Mr. CARPER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4433. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. BENNET ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4434. Mrs. M
CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4435. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4436. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. B LUNT , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. W ICKER , and Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4437. Mrs. M
CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4438. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. C ARDIN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4439. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4440. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4441. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4442. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4443. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. CANTWELL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4444. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4445. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4446. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 4447. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. G
RASS -
LEY, and Mr. L EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 4372. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. 926. REPORT ON SERVICE-COMMON SUP-PORT AND ENABLING CAPABILITIES CONTRIBUTED BY THE ARMED FORCES TO UNITED STATES SPE-CIAL OPERATIONS FORCES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written report on service-common support and ena-bling capabilities contributed by each of the Armed Forces to special operations forces. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A definition of the terms ‘‘service-com-mon’’ and ‘‘special operations-peculiar’’. (B) A description of the factors and process used by the Department of Defense to deter-mine whether combat support, combat serv-ice support, base operating support, and ena-bling capabilities are service-common or spe-cial operations-peculiar. (C) A detailed accounting of the resources allocated by each Armed Force to provide combat support, combat service support, base operating support, and enabling capa-bilities for special operations forces. (D) An identification of any change in the level or type of service-common support and enabling capabilities provided by each of the Armed Forces to special operations forces in fiscal year 2017 when compared with fiscal year 2016, including the rationale for any such change and any mitigating actions. (E) An assessment of the specific effects that the budget of the President for fiscal year 2017 (as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code), and any anticipated future manpower and force structure changes, are likely to have on the ability of each of the Armed Forces to provide service-common support and enabling capabilities to special oper-ations forces. (F) Any other matters the Secretary con-siders appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.021 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3417 June 6, 2016 
(b) A NNUAL UPDATES .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2020, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees an update of the report under subsection (a) at the same time as the budget of the President for such fiscal year is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. (c) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) and each update under subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may in-clude a classified annex. 
SA 4373. Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following: 
SEC. 221. MICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD FOR UNIVERSITIES, INDEPENDENT RE-SEARCH INSTITUTES, AND NON- PROFIT RESEARCH ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 1902 of title 41, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), as amended by section 215(b)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘Except as provided’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘and paragraph (2)’’ after ‘‘section 2338 of title 10’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) For purposes of this section, the micro-purchase threshold for procurement activities administered under sections 6303 through 6305 of title 31, United States Code, by institutions of higher education (as de-fined in section 101(a) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)), or re-lated or affiliated nonprofit entities, or by nonprofit research organizations or inde-pendent research institutes is— ‘‘(A) $10,000; or ‘‘(B) such higher threshold as determined appropriate by the head of the relevant exec-utive agency and consistent with clean audit findings under chapter 75 of title 31, United States Code, internal institutional risk as-sessment, or State law.’’; and (2) in subsections (d) and (e), by striking ‘‘not greater than $3,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a price not greater than the micro-purchase threshold’’. 
SA 4374. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 597. MILITARY APPRENTICESHIP PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) P ROMOTION REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, promote the enhance-ment and implementation of military ap-prenticeship programs that provide an oppor-tunity for members of the Armed Forces to improve their job skills and obtain certifi-cates of completion for registered appren-ticeship programs while on active duty. The Secretary of Defense also shall promote con-nections between military training, edu-cation, and transition activities and reg-istered apprenticeship programs in order to improve employment outcomes for veterans and help ready-to-hire employers connect to this skilled workforce. (b) VOLUNTARY GOALS .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall establish voluntary goals for each Armed Force relating to— (1) the number of members participating in activities relating to registered apprentice-ships prior to separation from active duty; (2) the establishment of partnerships with registered apprenticeship programs through the United Services Military Apprenticeship Program, Skill Bridge programs, Transition Assistance Program, tuition assistance pro-grams, and other appropriate mechanisms; and (3) the number of veterans entering reg-istered apprenticeship programs upon sepa-ration from active duty. (c) B
IENNIAL REPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every two years thereafter, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report de-scribing the activities undertaken pursuant to this section during the two-year period ending on the date of such report, including a description and assessment of the progress made in achieving the voluntary goals estab-lished under subsection (b). (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Education and the Work-force of the House of Representatives. 
SA 4375. Mrs. ERNST (for herself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. K IRK, and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2814. ARSENAL INSTALLATION REUTILIZA-TION AUTHORITY. 
(a) M ODIFIED AUTHORITY .—In the case of a military manufacturing arsenal, the Sec-retary concerned may authorize leases and contracts under section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, for a term of up to 25 years, notwithstanding subsection (b)(1) of such section, if the Secretary determines that a lease or contract of that duration will promote the national defense or be in the public interest for the purpose of— (1) helping to maintain the viability of the military manufacturing arsenal and any military installations on which it is located; (2) eliminating, or at least reducing, the cost of Government ownership of the mili-tary manufacturing arsenal, including the costs of operations and maintenance, the costs of environmental remediation, and other costs; and (3) leveraging private investment at the military manufacturing arsenal through long-term facility use contracts, property management contracts, leases, or other agreements that support and advance the preceding purposes. (b) DELEGATION .—The Secretary concerned may delegate the authority provided by this section to the commander of the major sub-ordinate command of the Army that has re-sponsibility for the military manufacturing arsenal or, if part of a larger military instal-lation, the installation as a whole. The com-mander may approve such an arrangement on a case-by-case basis or a class basis. (c) M
ILITARY MANUFACTURING ARSENAL DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘military manufacturing arsenal’’ means a Govern-ment-owned, Government-operated defense plant of the Department of the Defense that manufactures weapons, weapon components, or both. (d) S
UNSET .—The authority under this sec-tion shall terminate at the close of Sep-tember 30, 2019. 
SA 4376. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 215. On page 476, line 6, strike ‘‘is amended’’ and insert ‘‘, as amended by section 811(b)(1), is further amended’’. On page 476, strike lines 8 through the mat-ter following line 14 and insert the following: ‘‘§ 2339. Micro-purchase threshold ‘‘Notwithstanding subsection (a) of section 1902 of title 41, the micro-purchase threshold for the Department of Defense for purposes of such section is $5,000, except that for pur-poses of basic research programs and for the activities of the Department of Defense science and technology reinvention labora-tories, the micro-purchase threshold for the Department for purposes of such section is $10,000.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 811(b)(2), is further amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2339. Micro-purchase threshold.’’. On page 484, line 22, strike ‘‘is amended’’ and insert ‘‘as amended by section 812(a)(1), is further amended’’. On page 485, line 1, strike ‘‘2338’’ and insert ‘‘2340’’. On page 490, line 7, strike ‘‘is amended’’ and insert ‘‘, as amended by section 812(a)(2), is further amended’’. On page 490, strike the matter following line 8 and insert the following: ‘‘2340. Comprehensive small business con-tracting plans.’’. On page 492, line 9, strike ‘‘is amended’’ and insert ‘‘as amended by section 818(a)(1), is further amended’’. On page 492, line 11, strike ‘‘ 2338’’ and in- sert ‘‘2341’’. On page 495, line 2, strike ‘‘is amended’’ and insert ‘‘, as amended by section 818(a)(2), is further amended’’. On page 495, strike the matter following line 3 and insert the following: ‘‘2341. Government Accountability Office bid protests.’’. On page 508, strike lines 10 through 20 and insert the following: Section 2332 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.017 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3418 June 6, 2016 
‘‘(e) T RAINING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, the Defense Acquisition Univer-sity shall develop and implement a training program for Department of Defense acquisi-tion personnel on share-in-savings contracts and other contracts to achieve similar goals.’’. On page 509, line 7, strike ‘‘is amended’’ and insert ‘‘as amended by section 821(a), is further amended’’. On page 509, line 9, strike ‘‘2338’’ and insert ‘‘2342’’. On page 511, line 16, strike ‘‘is amended’’ and insert ‘‘as amended by section 821(b), is further amended’’. On page 511, strike the matter following line 17 and insert the following: ‘‘2342. Special emergency procurement au-thority.’’. On page 519, line 6, strike ‘‘For purposes’’ and insert ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (2), for purposes’’. On page 521, line 9, strike ‘‘(2) R
EC-
OMMENDATIONS .—’’ and insert the following: (2) E
XCEPTION .—The limitation under para-graph (1) does not apply to contracts with the Central Nonprofit Agency designated to serve agencies for the blind pursuant to sec-tion 8503(C) of title 41, United States Code, National Industries for the Blind, or to a qualified nonprofit agency for the blind, as that term is defined in section 8501(7) of title 41, United States Code. (3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— On page 529, strike lines 12 through 15 and insert the following: (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—(1) Section 2334(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or a major automated information system under chapter 144A of this title’’; and (B) in paragraph (6)— (i) in clause (ii), by striking the semicolon and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (ii) by striking clause (iv). (2) Section 1706(c)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘has the meaning given such term in section 2445a of this title.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘means a Department of Defense program for the acquisition of an automated informa-tion system (either as a product or a service) if— ‘‘(A) the program is designated by the Sec-retary of Defense, or a designee of the Sec-retary, as a major automated information system program; or ‘‘(B) the dollar value of the program is es-timated to exceed— ‘‘(i) $ 32,000,000 in fiscal year 2000 constant dollars for all program costs in a single fiscal year; ‘‘(ii) $ 126,000,000 in fiscal year 2000 con-stant dollars for all program acquisition costs for the entire program; or ‘‘(iii) $ 378,000,000 in fiscal year 2000 con-stant dollars for the total life-cycle costs of the program (including operation and main-tenance costs).’’. (3) Section 2505(b)(6) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘as de-fined in section 2445a’’ and inserting ‘‘as de-fined in section 1706(c)(2)’’. On page 541, line 16, strike ‘‘is amended’’ and insert ‘‘as amended by section 829B(a), is further amended’’. On page 541, line 18, strike ‘‘ 2338’’ and in- sert ‘‘2343’’. On page 542, line 20, strike ‘‘is amended’’ and insert ‘‘, as amended by section 829B(b), is further amended’’. On page 542, strike the matter following line 21 and insert the following: ‘‘2343. Counting of major defense acquisition program subcontracts toward small business goals.’’. On page 585, lines 2 and 3, strike ‘‘TECH -
NICAL ’’ and insert ‘‘ TECHNOLOGY ’’. On page 585, line 8, strike ‘‘Technical’’ and insert ‘‘Technology’’. On page 585, line 12, strike ‘‘Technical’’ and insert ‘‘Technology’’. On page 585, line 23, strike ‘‘Technical’’ and insert ‘‘Technology’’. On page 586, line 1, strike ‘‘Technical’’ and insert ‘‘Technology’’. On page 586, line 8, strike ‘‘Technical’’ and insert ‘‘Technology’’. On page 587, line 11, strike ‘‘Technical’’ and insert ‘‘Technology’’. On page 599, line 20, strike ‘‘is amended’’ and insert ‘‘as amended by section 838(a), is further amended’’. On page 599, line 22, strike ‘‘ 2338’’ and in- sert ‘‘2344’’. On page 600, line 13, strike ‘‘is amended’’ and insert ‘‘, as amended by section 838(b), is further amended’’. On page 600, strike the matter following line 14 and insert the following: ‘‘2344. Clarification of treatment of contracts performed outside the United States.’’. On page 605, line 12, strike ‘‘is amended’’ and insert ‘‘as amended by section 884(a), is further amended’’. On page 605, line 14, strike ‘‘ 2338’’ and in- sert ‘‘2345’’. On page 606, line 22, strike ‘‘not’’ and insert ‘‘only’’. On page 610, line 6, strike ‘‘is amended’’ and insert ‘‘, as amended by section 884(b), is further amended’’. On page 610, strike the matter following line 7 and insert the following: ‘‘2345. Contractor business system require-ments.’’. On page 614, strike lines 1 and 2 and insert the following: 
SEC. 894. ADDITIONAL DUTIES OF THE DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVAL-UATION. 
On page 1018, strike line 13 and all that fol-lows through ‘‘(e)’’ on line 24 and insert ‘‘(d)’’. On page 1064, line 23, strike ‘‘conducting’’ and insert ‘‘building the capacity of such country or countries to conduct’’. On page 1129, line 20, insert ‘‘available’’ be-fore ‘‘unobligated’’. 
SA 4377. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1613. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON PROCURE-MENT OF VEHICLES FOR THE EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VE-HICLE PROGRAM. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-retary of the Air Force should assess wheth-er there could be benefits from maintaining three providers of vehicles for the evolved expendable launch vehicle program for next- generation launch to mitigate risk in the program and to increase competition in and lower the cost of the program. 
SA 4378. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 1032, after line 23, add the fol-lowing: (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it should be the policy of the United States to support, within the framework of the Iraq Constitution, the Kurdish Peshmerga in Iraq, Iraq Security Forces, Sunni tribal forces, and other local security forces, including ethnic and religious minor-ity groups such as Iraqi Christian militias, in the campaign against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant; (2) recognizing the important role of the Kurdish Peshmerga in Iraq in the military campaign against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in Iraq, the United States should provide arms, training, and appro-priate equipment to the Kurdistan Regional Government; (3) efforts should be made to ensure trans-parency and oversight mechanisms are in place for oversight of United States assist-ance under section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 in order to combat waste, fraud, and abuse; and (4) securing safe areas, including the Nineveh Plain, for purposes of resettling and reintegrating ethnic and religious minori-ties, including victims of genocide, into their homelands in Iraq is a critical component to-ward achieving a safe, secure, and sovereign Iraq. 
SA 4379. Mr. CORKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 2701 and 2702 and insert the following: Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 2701. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLO-SURE ACTIVITIES FUNDED THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2016, for base realignment and clo-sure activities, including real property ac-quisition and military construction projects, as authorized by the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Closure Account established by section 2906 of such Act (as amended by sec-tion 2711 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. Subtitle B—Defense Base Closure and Realignment 
SEC. 2711. SHORT TITLE; PURPOSE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Act of 2016’’. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this subtitle is to provide a fair process that will result in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.019 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3419 June 6, 2016 
the timely closure and realignment of mili-tary installations in the United States. 
SEC. 2712. THE COMMISSION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established an independent commission to be known as the ‘‘Defense Base Closure and Realignment Commission’’. (b) D
UTIES .—The Commission shall carry out the duties specified for the Commission in this subtitle. (c) A
PPOINTMENT .—(1)(A) The Commission shall be composed of nine members ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate. (B) Subject to the certifications required under section 2713(b), the President may commence a round for the selection of mili-tary installations for closure and realign-ment under this subtitle in 2019 by transmit-ting to the Senate nominations for appoint-ment to the Commission by not later than February 1, 2019. (C) If the President does not transmit to Congress the nominations for appointment to the Commission on or before February 1, 2019, the process by which military installa-tions may be selected for closure or realign-ment under this subtitle shall be terminated. (2) In selecting individuals for nominations for appointments to the Commission, the President should consult with— (A) the Speaker of the House of Represent-atives concerning the appointment of two members; (B) the majority leader of the Senate con-cerning the appointment of two members; (C) the minority leader of the House of Representatives concerning the appointment of one member; and (D) the minority leader of the Senate con-cerning the appointment of one member. (3) At the time the President nominates in-dividuals for appointment to the Commis-sion, the President shall designate one such individual who shall serve as Chairman of the Commission. (d) T
ERMS .—(1) Except as provided in para-graph (2), each member of the Commission shall serve until December 31, 2019. (2) The Chairman of the Commission shall serve until the confirmation of a successor. (e) M
EETINGS .—(1) The Commission shall meet only during calendar year 2019. (2)(A) Each meeting of the Commission, other than meetings in which classified in-formation is to be discussed, shall be open to the public. (B) All the proceedings, information, and deliberations of the Commission shall be open, upon request, to the following: (i) The Chairman and the ranking minority party member of the Subcommittee on Read-iness and Management Support of the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate, or such other members of the Subcommittee designated by such Chairman or ranking mi-nority party member. (ii) The Chairman and the ranking minor-ity party member of the Subcommittee on Readiness of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives, or such other members of the Subcommittee des-ignated by such Chairman or ranking minor-ity party member. (iii) The Chairmen and ranking minority party members of the subcommittees with jurisdiction for military construction of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and of the House of Representatives, or such other members of the subcommittees des-ignated by such Chairmen or ranking minor-ity party members. (iv) The Chairmen and ranking minority party members of the Subcommittees on De-fense of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives, or such other members of the sub-committees designated by such Chairmen or ranking minority party members. (C) A member of the Commission shall be recused from consideration of matters before the Commission in accordance with section 208 of title 18, United States Code. A member of the Commission shall not participate in the deliberations on, or vote regarding any matter from which the member is recused. (f) VACANCIES .—A vacancy in the Commis-sion shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment, but the individual ap-pointed to fill the vacancy shall serve only for the unexpired portion of the term for which the individual’s predecessor was ap-pointed. (g) P
AY AND TRAVEL EXPENSES .—(1)(A) Each member, other than the Chairman, shall be paid at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the minimum annual rate of basic pay payable for level IV of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is en-gaged in the actual performance of duties vested in the Commission. (B) The Chairman shall be paid for each day referred to in subparagraph (A) at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the min-imum annual rate of basic pay payable for level III of the Executive Schedule under sec-tion 5314, of title 5, United States Code. (2) Members shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with sections 5702 and 5703 of title 5, United States Code. (h) D
IRECTOR OF STAFF .—(1) The Commis-sion shall, without regard to section 5311 of title 5, United States Code, appoint a Direc-tor who has not served on active duty in the Armed Forces or as a civilian employee of the Department of Defense during the one- year period preceding the date of such ap-pointment. (2) The Director shall be paid at the rate of basic pay payable for level IV of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. (i) S
TAFF .—(1) Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the Director, with the approval of the Commission, may appoint and fix the pay of additional personnel. (2) The Director may make such appoint-ments without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing ap-pointments in the competitive service, and any personnel so appointed may be paid without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of that title relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates, except that an individual so appointed may not receive pay in excess of the annual rate of basic pay payable for GS–15 of the General Schedule. (3)(A) Not more than one-third of the per-sonnel employed by or detailed to the Com-mission may be on detail from the Depart-ment of Defense. (B)(i) Not more than one-fifth of the pro-fessional analysts of the Commission staff may be persons detailed from the Depart-ment of Defense to the Commission. (ii) No person detailed from the Depart-ment of Defense to the Commission may be assigned as the lead professional analyst with respect to a military department or de-fense agency. (C) A person may not be detailed from the Department of Defense to the Commission if, within one year before the detail is to begin, that person participated personally and sub-stantially in any matter within the Depart-ment of Defense concerning the preparation of recommendations for closures or realign-ments of military installations. (D) No member of the Armed Forces, and no officer or employee of the Department of Defense, may— (i) prepare any report concerning the effec-tiveness, fitness, or efficiency of the per-formance on the staff of the Commission of any person detailed from the Department of Defense to that staff; (ii) review the preparation of such a report; or (iii) approve or disapprove such a report. (4) Upon request of the Director, the head of any Federal agency may detail any of the personnel of that agency to the Commission to assist the Commission in carrying out its duties under this subtitle. (5) The Comptroller General of the United States shall provide assistance, including the detailing of employees, to the Commission in accordance with an agreement entered into with the Commission. (6) Not later than April 1, 2019, the Chair-man of the Commission shall certify to the congressional defense committees regarding whether the Commission and its staff have adequate capacity to review the rec-ommendations to be submitted by the Sec-retary of Defense pursuant to section 2713. (7) The following restrictions relating to the personnel of the Commission shall apply during the period beginning on January 1, 2020, and ending on April 15, 2020: (A) There may not be more than 15 persons on the staff at any one time. (B) The staff may perform only such func-tions as are necessary— (i) to prepare for the termination of the Commission; and (ii) to transfer all records of the Commis-sion to the Secretary of Defense or national archives. (C) No member of the Armed Forces and no employee of the Department of Defense may serve on the staff. (j) OTHER AUTHORITY .—(1) The Commission may procure by contract, to the extent funds are available, the temporary or intermittent services of experts or consultants pursuant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code. (2) The Commission may lease space and acquire personal property to the extent funds are available. (k) F
UNDING .—(1) There are authorized to be appropriated to the Commission such funds as are necessary to carry out its duties under this subtitle. Such funds shall remain available until expended. (2) If no funds are appropriated to the Com-mission by the end of the second session of the 115th Congress, the Secretary of Defense may transfer to the Commission for purposes of its activities under this subtitle such funds as the Commission may require to carry out such activities. The Secretary may transfer funds under the preceding sentence from any funds available to the Secretary. Funds so transferred shall remain available to the Commission for such purposes until expended. (l) T
ERMINATION .—The Commission shall terminate on April 15, 2020. (m) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST RESTRICTING  C
OMMUNICATIONS .—Section 1034 of title 10, United States Code, shall apply with respect to communications with the Commission. 
SEC. 2713. PROCEDURE FOR MAKING REC-OMMENDATIONS FOR BASE CLO-SURES AND REALIGNMENTS. 
(a) F ORCE -STRUCTURE PLAN AND INFRA -
STRUCTURE INVENTORY .—(1) As part of the budget justification documents submitted to Congress in support of the budget for the De-partment of Defense for fiscal year 2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress the fol-lowing: (A) A force-structure plan for the Armed Forces based on an assessment by the Sec-retary of the probable threats to the na-tional security during the 20-year period be-ginning with that fiscal year, the probable end-strength levels and major military force 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.023 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3420 June 6, 2016 
units (including land force divisions, carrier and other major combatant vessels, air wings, and other comparable units) needed to meet those threats, and the anticipated lev-els of funding that will be available for na-tional defense purposes during such period. (B) A comprehensive inventory of military installations world-wide for each military department, with specifications of the num-ber and type of facilities in the active and re-serve forces of each military department. (2) Using the force-structure plan and in-frastructure inventory prepared under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall prepare (and include as part of the submission of such plan and inventory) the following: (A) A description of the infrastructure nec-essary to support the force structure de-scribed in the force-structure plan. (B) A discussion of categories of excess in-frastructure and infrastructure capacity. (C) An economic analysis of the effect of the closure or realignment of military in-stallations to reduce excess infrastructure. (3) In determining the level of necessary versus excess infrastructure under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall consider the fol-lowing: (A) The anticipated continuing need for and availability of military installations outside the United States, taking into ac-count current restrictions on the use of mili-tary installations outside the United States and the potential for future prohibitions or restrictions on the use of such military in-stallations. (B) Any efficiencies that may be gained from joint tenancy by more than one branch of the Armed Forces at a military installa-tion. (4) The Secretary may revise the force- structure plan and infrastructure inventory prepared under paragraph (1). If the Sec-retary makes such a revision, the Secretary shall submit the revised plan or inventory to Congress not later than February 15, 2019. For purposes of selecting military installa-tions for closure or realignment under this subtitle, no revision of the force-structure plan or infrastructure inventory is author-ized after February 15, 2019. (b) C
ERTIFICATION OF NEED FOR FURTHER  C
LOSURES AND REALIGNMENTS .—(1) On the basis of the force-structure plan and infra-structure inventory prepared under sub-section (a) and the descriptions and eco-nomic analysis prepared under such sub-section, the Secretary shall include as part of the submission of the plan and inven-tory— (A) a certification regarding whether the need exists for the closure or realignment of additional military installations; and (B) if such need exists— (i) a certification that the additional round of closures and realignments would result in annual net savings for each of the military departments beginning not later than six years following the commencement of such closures and realignments; and (ii) a certification that the additional round of closures and realignments will have the primary objective of eliminating excess infrastructure capacity within the Depart-ment of Defense and reconfiguring the infra-structure of the Department to maximize ef-ficiency and reduce costs. (2) If the Secretary does not include the certifications referred to in paragraph (1) as part of the submission of the force-structure plan and infrastructure inventory prepared under subsection (a), the President may not commence a round for the selection of mili-tary installations for closure and realign-ment under this subtitle in the year fol-lowing submission of the force-structure plan and infrastructure inventory. (c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL EVALUATION .— (1) If the certification is provided under sub-section (b), the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare an evaluation of the following: (A) The force-structure plan and infra-structure inventory prepared under sub-section (a) and the final selection criteria specified in paragraph (d), including an eval-uation of the accuracy and analytical suffi-ciency of such plan, inventory, and criteria. (B) The need for the closure or realignment of additional military installations. (2) The Comptroller General shall submit to Congress the evaluation prepared under paragraph (1) not later than 60 days after the date on which the force-structure plan and infrastructure inventory are submitted to Congress. (d) FINAL SELECTION CRITERIA .—(1) The final criteria to be used by the Secretary in making recommendations for the closure or realignment of military installations in the United States under this subtitle shall be the military value criteria specified in para-graph (2) and additional criteria specified in paragraph (3). (2) The military value criteria specified in this paragraph are as follows: (A) The current and future mission capa-bilities and the impact on operational readi-ness of the total force of the Department of Defense, including the impact on joint warfighting, training, and readiness. (B) The availability and condition of land, facilities, and associated airspace (including training areas suitable for maneuver by ground, naval, or air forces throughout a di-versity of climate and terrain areas and staging areas for the use of the Armed Forces in homeland defense missions) at both existing and potential receiving loca-tions. (C) The ability to accommodate contin-gency, mobilization, surge, and future total force requirements at both existing and po-tential receiving locations to support oper-ations and training. (D) The cost of operations and the man-power implications. (3) The additional criteria that the Sec-retary shall use in making recommendations for the closure or realignment of military in-stallations in the United States under this subtitle are as follows: (A) The extent and timing of potential costs and savings, including the number of years, beginning with the date of completion of the closure or realignment, for the savings to exceed the costs. (B) The economic impact on existing com-munities in the vicinity of military installa-tions. (C) The ability of the infrastructure of both the existing and potential receiving communities to support forces, missions, and personnel. (D) The environmental impact, including the impact of costs related to potential envi-ronmental restoration, waste management, and environmental compliance activities. (e) P
RIORITY GIVEN TO MILITARY VALUE .— The Secretary shall give priority consider-ation to the military value criteria specified in subsection (d)(2) in the making of rec-ommendations for the closure or realign-ment of military installations. (f) D
ETERMINING COSTS.—When determining the costs associated with a closure or re-alignment of a military installation under this subtitle, the Secretary shall consider the costs associated with military construc-tion, information technology, termination of public-private contracts, guarantees, the costs of any other activity of the Depart-ment of Defense or another Federal agency that may be required to assume responsi-bility for activities at the military installa-tion, and such other factors as the Secretary determines as contributing to the cost of a closure or realignment. (g) EMPHASIS GIVEN TO SAVINGS .—(1) Sub- ject to subsection (e), the Secretary shall emphasize recommendations for the closure or realignment of a military installation that yield net savings within five years of completing such closure or realignment. (2) The Secretary shall not consider any recommendation that does not yield net sav-ings within 20 years unless the Secretary de-termines that the military value of such rec-ommendation supports or enhances a critical national security interest of the United States. (h) R
ELATION TO OTHER MATERIALS .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (g), the final selection criteria specified in subsection (d) shall be the only criteria to be used, along with the force-structure plan and infrastruc-ture inventory referred to in subsection (a), in making recommendations for the closure or realignment of military installations in the United States under this subtitle. (i) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—(1) If the Secretary makes the cer-tifications required under subsection (b), the Secretary shall, by no later than April 15, 2019, publish in the Federal Register and transmit to the congressional defense com-mittees and to the Commission a list of the military installations inside the United States that the Secretary recommends for closure or realignment on the basis of the force-structure plan and infrastructure in-ventory prepared by the Secretary under subsection (a) and the final selection criteria specified in subsection (d). (2) The Secretary shall include, with the list of recommendations published and trans-mitted pursuant to paragraph (1), a summary of the selection process that resulted in the recommendation for each installation, in-cluding a justification for each recommenda-tion. The Secretary shall transmit the mat-ters referred to in the preceding sentence not later than seven days after the date of the transmittal to the congressional defense committees and the Commission of the list referred to in paragraph (1). (3)(A) In considering military installations for closure or realignment, the Secretary shall consider all military installations in the United States equally without regard to whether the installation has been previously considered or proposed for closure or realign-ment by the Department. (B) In considering military installations for closure or realignment, the Secretary may not take into account for any purpose any advance conversion planning undertaken by an affected community with respect to the anticipated closure or realignment of an installation. (C) For purposes of subparagraph (B), in the case of a community anticipating the economic effects of a closure or realignment of a military installation, advance conver-sion planning— (i) shall include community adjustment and economic diversification planning under-taken by the community before an antici-pated selection of a military installation in or near the community for closure or re-alignment; and (ii) may include the development of contin-gency redevelopment plans, plans for eco-nomic development and diversification, and plans for the joint use (including civilian and military use, public and private use, civilian dual use, and civilian shared use) of the prop-erty or facilities of the installation after the anticipated closure or realignment. (D) In making recommendations to the Commission, the Secretary shall consider any notice received from a local government in the vicinity of a military installation that the government would approve of the closure or realignment of the installation, (E) Notwithstanding the requirement in subparagraph (D), the Secretary shall make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.023 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3421 June 6, 2016 
the recommendations referred to in that sub-paragraph based on the force-structure plan, infrastructure inventory, and final selection criteria otherwise applicable to such rec-ommendations. (F) The recommendations shall include a statement of the result of the consideration of any notice described in subparagraph (D) that is received with respect to a military installation covered by such recommenda-tions. The statement shall set forth the rea-sons for the result. (4) In addition to making all information used by the Secretary to prepare the rec-ommendations under this subsection avail-able to Congress (including any committee or member of Congress), the Secretary shall also make such information available to the Commission and the Comptroller General of the United States. (5)(A) Each person referred to in subpara-graph (B), when submitting information to the Secretary of Defense or the Commission concerning the closure or realignment of a military installation, shall certify that such information is accurate and complete to the best of that persons knowledge and belief. (B) Subparagraph (A) applies to the fol-lowing persons: (i) The Secretaries of the military depart-ments. (ii) The heads of the Defense Agencies. (iii) Each person who is in a position the duties of which include personal and sub-stantial involvement in the preparation and submission of information and recommenda-tions concerning the closure or realignment of military installations, as designated in regulations that the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe, regulations that the Sec-retary of each military department shall pre-scribe for personnel within that military de-partment, or regulations that the head of each Defense Agency shall prescribe for per-sonnel within that Defense Agency. (6) Any information provided to the Com-mission by a person described in paragraph (5)(B) shall also be submitted to the Senate and the House of Representatives to be made available to the Members of the House con-cerned in accordance with the rules of that House. The information shall be submitted to the Senate and House of Representatives within 48 hours after the submission of the information to the Commission. (j) R
EVIEW AND RECOMMENDATIONS BY THE  C
OMMISSION .—(1) After receiving the rec-ommendations from the Secretary pursuant to subsection (i), the Commission shall con-duct public hearings on the recommenda-tions. All testimony before the Commission at a public hearing conducted under this paragraph shall be presented under oath. (2)(A) The Commission shall, by no later than October 1, 2019, transmit to the Presi-dent a report containing the Commission’s findings and conclusions based on a review and analysis of the recommendations made by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (i), together with the Commission’s rec-ommendations for closures and realignments of military installations in the United States. (B) Subject to subparagraphs (C) and (E), in making its recommendations, the Com-mission may make changes in any of the rec-ommendations made by the Secretary if the Commission determines that the Secretary deviated substantially from the force-struc-ture plan and final criteria referred to in subsection (d)(1) in making recommenda-tions. (C) In the case of a change described in subparagraph (D) in the recommendations made by the Secretary, the Commission may make the change only if— (i) the Commission— (I) makes the determination required by subparagraph (B); (II) determines that the change is con-sistent with the force-structure plan and final criteria referred to in subsection (d)(1); (III) publishes a notice of the proposed change in the Federal Register not less than 45 days before transmitting its recommenda-tions to the President pursuant to subpara-graph (A); and (IV) conducts public hearings on the pro-posed change; (ii) at least two members of the Commis-sion visit the military installation before the date of the transmittal of the report; and (iii) the decision of the Commission to make the change is supported by at least seven members of the Commission. (D) Subparagraph (C) shall apply to a change by the Commission in the Secretary’s recommendations that would— (i) add a military installation to the list of military installations recommended by the Secretary for closure; (ii) add a military installation to the list of military installations recommended by the Secretary for realignment; or (iii) increase the extent of a realignment of a particular military installation rec-ommended by the Secretary. (E) The Commission may not consider making a change in the recommendations of the Secretary that would add a military in-stallation to the Secretary’s list of installa-tions recommended for closure or realign-ment unless, in addition to the requirements of subparagraph (C)— (i) the Commission provides the Secretary with at least a 15-day period, before making the change, in which to submit an expla-nation of the reasons why the installation was not included on the closure or realign-ment list by the Secretary; and (ii) the decision to add the installation for Commission consideration is supported by at least seven members of the Commission. (F) In making recommendations under this paragraph, the Commission may not take into account for any purpose any advance conversion planning undertaken by an af-fected community with respect to the antici-pated closure or realignment of a military installation. (3) The Commission shall explain and jus-tify in its report submitted to the President pursuant to paragraph (2) any recommenda-tion made by the Commission that is dif-ferent from the recommendations made by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (i). The Commission shall transmit a copy of such re-port to the congressional defense commit-tees on the same date on which it transmits its recommendations to the President under paragraph (2). (4) After October 1, 2019, the Commission shall promptly provide, upon request, to any Member of Congress information used by the Commission in making its recommendations. (5) The Comptroller General of the United States shall— (A) assist the Commission, to the extent requested, in the Commission’s review and analysis of the recommendations made by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (i); and (B) by not later than June 3, 2019, transmit to Congress and to the Commission a report containing a detailed analysis of the Sec-retary’s recommendations and selection process. (k) R
EVIEW BY THE PRESIDENT .—(1) The President shall, by not later than October 15, 2019, transmit to the Commission and to Congress a report containing the President’s approval or disapproval of the Commission’s recommendations under subsection (j). (2) If the President approves all the rec-ommendations of the Commission, the Presi-dent shall transmit a copy of such rec-ommendations to Congress, together with a certification of such approval. (3) If the President disapproves the rec-ommendations of the Commission, in whole or in part, the President shall transmit to the Commission and Congress the reasons for that disapproval. The Commission shall then transmit to the President, by not later than November 18, 2019, a revised list of rec-ommendations for the closure and realign-ment of military installations. (4) If the President approves all of the re-vised recommendations of the Commission transmitted to the President under para-graph (3), the President shall transmit a copy of such revised recommendations to Congress, together with a certification of such approval. (5) If the President does not transmit to Congress an approval and certification de-scribed in paragraph (2) or (4) by December 2, 2019, the process by which military installa-tions may be selected for closure or realign-ment under this subtitle shall be terminated. SEC. 2714. CLOSURE AND REALIGNMENT OF MILI-TARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary shall— (1) close all military installations rec-ommended for closure by the Commission in each report transmitted to Congress by the President pursuant to section 2713(k); (2) realign all military installations rec-ommended for realignment by such Commis-sion in each such report; (3) carry out the privatization in place of a military installation recommended for clo-sure or realignment by the Commission only if privatization in place is a method of clo-sure or realignment of the military installa-tion specified in the recommendations of the Commission in such report and is determined by the Commission to be the most cost-effec-tive method of implementation of the rec-ommendation; (4) initiate all such closures and realign-ments not later than two years after the date on which the President transmits a re-port to Congress pursuant to section 2713(k) containing the recommendations for such closures or realignments; and (5) complete all such closures and realign-ments not later than the end of the six-year period beginning on the date on which the President transmits the report pursuant to section 2713(k) containing the recommenda-tions for such closures or realignments. (b) C
ONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL .—(1) The Secretary may not carry out any closure or realignment recommended by the Commis-sion in a report transmitted from the Presi-dent pursuant to section 2713(k) if a joint resolution is enacted, in accordance with the provisions of section 2718, disapproving such recommendations of the Commission before the earlier of— (A) the end of the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the President trans-mits such report; or (B) the adjournment of Congress sine die for the session during which such report is transmitted. (2) For purposes of paragraph (1) of this subsection and subsections (a) and (c) of sec-tion 2718, the days on which either House of Congress is not in session because of ad-journment of more than three days to a day certain shall be excluded in the computation of a period. 
SEC. 2715. IMPLEMENTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—(1) In closing or realign-ing any military installation under this sub-title, the Secretary may— (A) take such actions as may be necessary to close or realign any military installation, including the acquisition of such land, the construction of such replacement facilities, the performance of such activities, and the conduct of such advance planning and design 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.023 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3422 June 6, 2016 
as may be required to transfer functions from a military installation being closed or realigned to another military installation, and may use for such purpose funds in the Account or funds appropriated to the Depart-ment of Defense for use in planning and de-sign, minor construction, or operation and maintenance; (B)(i) provide— (I) economic adjustment assistance to any community located near a military installa-tion being closed or realigned, and (II) community planning assistance to any community located near a military installa-tion to which functions will be transferred as a result of the closure or realignment of a military installation, if the Secretary of Defense determines that the financial resources available to the com-munity (by grant or otherwise) for such pur-poses are inadequate, and may use for such purposes funds in the Account or funds ap-propriated to the Department of Defense for economic adjustment assistance or commu-nity planning assistance; (C) carry out activities for the purposes of environmental restoration and mitigation at any such installation, and shall use for such purposes funds in the Account. (D) provide outplacement assistance to ci-vilian employees employed by the Depart-ment of Defense at military installations being closed or realigned, and may use for such purpose funds in the Account or funds appropriated to the Department of Defense for outplacement assistance to employees; and (E) reimburse other Federal agencies for actions performed at the request of the Sec-retary with respect to any such closure or re-alignment, and may use for such purpose funds in the Account or funds appropriated to the Department of Defense and available for such purpose. (2) In carrying out any closure or realign-ment under this subtitle, the Secretary shall ensure that environmental restoration of any property made excess to the needs of the Department of Defense as a result of such closure or realignment be carried out as soon as possible with funds available for such pur-pose. (b) M
ANAGEMENT AND DISPOSAL OF PROP-
ERTY .—(1) The Administrator of General Services shall delegate to the Secretary of Defense, with respect to excess and surplus real property, facilities, and personal prop-erty located at a military installation closed or realigned under this subtitle— (A) the authority of the Administrator to utilize excess property under subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code; (B) the authority of the Administrator to dispose of surplus property under subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code; (C) the authority to dispose of surplus property for public airports under sections 47151 through 47153 of title 49, United States Code; and (D) the authority of the Administrator to determine the availability of excess or sur-plus real property for wildlife conservation purposes in accordance with the Act of May 19, 1948 (16 U.S.C. 667b et seq.). (2)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B) and paragraphs (3), (4), (5), and (6), the Secretary of Defense shall exercise the authority dele-gated to the Secretary pursuant to para-graph (1) in accordance with all regulations governing the utilization of excess property and the disposal of surplus property under subtitle I of title 40, United States Code. (B) The Secretary may, with the concur-rence of the Administrator of General Serv-ices— (i) prescribe general policies and methods for utilizing excess property and disposing of surplus property pursuant to the authority delegated under paragraph (1); and (ii) issue regulations relating to such poli-cies and methods, which shall supersede the regulations referred to in subparagraph (A) with respect to that authority. (C) The Secretary of Defense may transfer real property or facilities located at a mili-tary installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle, with or without reim-bursement, to a military department or other entity (including a nonappropriated fund instrumentality) within the Depart-ment of Defense or the Coast Guard. (D) Before any action may be taken with respect to the disposal of any surplus real property or facility located at any military installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle, the Secretary of Defense shall consult with the Governor of the State and the heads of the local governments con-cerned for the purpose of considering any plan for the use of such property by the local community concerned. (E) If a military installation to be closed, realigned, or placed in an inactive status under this subtitle includes a road used for public access through, into, or around the in-stallation, the Secretary of Defense shall consult with the Governor of the State and the heads of the local governments con-cerned for the purpose of considering the continued availability of the road for public use after the installation is closed, re-aligned, or placed in an inactive status. (3)(A) Not later than 180 days after the date of approval of the closure or realignment of a military installation under this subtitle, the Secretary, in consultation with the rede-velopment authority with respect to the in-stallation, shall— (i) inventory the personal property located at the installation; and (ii) identify the items (or categories of items) of such personal property that the Secretary determines to be related to real property and anticipates will support the im-plementation of the redevelopment plan with respect to the installation. (B) If no redevelopment authority referred to in subparagraph (A) exists with respect to an installation, the Secretary shall consult with— (i) the local government in whose jurisdic-tion the installation is wholly located; or (ii) a local government agency or State government agency designated for the pur-pose of such consultation by the chief execu-tive officer of the State in which the instal-lation is located. (C)(i) Except as provided in subparagraphs (E) and (F), the Secretary may not carry out any of the activities specified in clause (ii) with respect to an installation referred to in that clause until the earlier of— (I) one week after the date on which the re-development plan for the installation is sub-mitted to the Secretary; (II) the date on which the redevelopment authority notifies the Secretary that it will not submit such a plan; (III) two years after the date of approval of the closure or realignment of the installa-tion; or (IV) 90 days before the date of the closure or realignment of the installation. (ii) The activities specified in this clause are activities relating to the closure or re-alignment of an installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle as follows: (I) The transfer from the installation of items of personal property at the installa-tion identified in accordance with subpara-graph (A). (II) The reduction in maintenance and re-pair of facilities or equipment located at the installation below the minimum levels re-quired to support the use of such facilities or equipment for nonmilitary purposes. (D) Except as provided in paragraph (4), the Secretary may not transfer items of personal property located at an installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle to an-other installation, or dispose of such items, if such items are identified in the redevelop-ment plan for the installation as items es-sential to the reuse or redevelopment of the installation. In connection with the develop-ment of the redevelopment plan for the in-stallation, the Secretary shall consult with the entity responsible for developing the re-development plan to identify the items of personal property located at the installation, if any, that the entity desires to be retained at the installation for reuse or redevelop-ment of the installation. (E) This paragraph shall not apply to any personal property located at an installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle if the property— (i) is required for the operation of a unit, function, component, weapon, or weapons system at another installation; (ii) is uniquely military in character, and is likely to have no civilian use (other than use for its material content or as a source of commonly used components); (iii) is not required for the reutilization or redevelopment of the installation (as jointly determined by the Secretary and the rede-velopment authority); (iv) is stored at the installation for pur-poses of distribution (including spare parts or stock items); or (v)(I) meets known requirements of an au-thorized program of another Federal agency for which expenditures for similar property would be necessary; and (II) is the subject of a written request by the head of the agency. (F) Notwithstanding subparagraphs (C)(i) and (D), the Secretary may carry out any ac-tivity referred to in subparagraph (C)(ii) or (D) if the Secretary determines that the car-rying out of such activity is in the national security interest of the United States. (4)(A) The Secretary may transfer real property and personal property located at a military installation to be closed or re-aligned under this subtitle to the redevelop-ment authority with respect to the installa-tion for purposes of job generation on the in-stallation. (B) The transfer of property located at a military installation under subparagraph (A) may be for consideration at or below the es-timated fair market value or without consid-eration. The determination of such consider-ation may account for the economic condi-tions of the local affected community and the estimated costs to redevelop the prop-erty. The Secretary may accept, as consider-ation, a share of the revenues that the rede-velopment authority receives from third- party buyers or lessees from sales and long- term leases of the conveyed property, consid-eration in kind (including goods and serv-ices), real property and improvements, or such other consideration as the Secretary considers appropriate. The transfer of prop-erty located at a military installation under subparagraph (A) may be made for consider-ation below the estimated fair market value or without consideration only if the redevel-opment authority with respect to the instal-lation— (i) agrees that the proceeds from any sale or lease of the property (or any portion thereof) received by the redevelopment au-thority during at least the first seven years after the date of the initial transfer of prop-erty under subparagraph (A) shall be used to support the economic redevelopment of, or related to, the installation; and (ii) executes the agreement for transfer of the property and accepts control of the prop-erty within a reasonable time after the date 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.023 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3423 June 6, 2016 
of the property disposal record of decision or finding of no significant impact under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (C) For purposes of subparagraph (B)(i), the use of proceeds from a sale or lease described in such subparagraph to pay for, or offset the costs of, public investment on or related to the installation for any of the following pur-poses shall be considered a use to support the economic redevelopment of, or related to, the installation: (i) Road construction. (ii) Transportation management facilities. (iii) Storm and sanitary sewer construc-tion. (iv) Police and fire protection facilities and other public facilities. (v) Utility construction. (vi) Building rehabilitation. (vii) Historic property preservation. (viii) Pollution prevention equipment or facilities. (ix) Demolition. (x) Disposal of hazardous materials gen-erated by demolition. (xi) Landscaping, grading, and other site or public improvements. (xii) Planning for or the marketing of the development and reuse of the installation. (D) The Secretary may recoup from a rede-velopment authority such portion of the pro-ceeds from a sale or lease described in sub-paragraph (B) as the Secretary determines appropriate if the redevelopment authority does not use the proceeds to support eco-nomic redevelopment of, or related to, the installation for the period specified in sub-paragraph (B). (E)(i) The Secretary may transfer real property at an installation approved for clo-sure or realignment under this subtitle (in-cluding property at an installation approved for realignment which will be retained by the Department of Defense or another Fed-eral agency after realignment) to the rede-velopment authority for the installation if the redevelopment authority agrees to lease, directly upon transfer, one or more portions of the property transferred under this sub-paragraph to the Secretary or to the head of another Federal agency. Subparagraph (B) shall apply to a transfer under this subpara-graph. (ii) A lease under clause (i) shall be for a term of not to exceed 50 years, but may pro-vide for options for renewal or extension of the term by the agency concerned. (iii) A lease under clause (i) may not re-quire rental payments by the United States. (iv) A lease under clause (i) shall include a provision specifying that if the agency con-cerned ceases requiring the use of the leased property before the expiration of the term of the lease, the remainder of the lease term may be satisfied by the same or another Fed-eral agency using the property for a use similar to the use under the lease. Exercise of the authority provided by this clause shall be made in consultation with the redevelop-ment authority concerned. (v) Notwithstanding clause (iii), if a lease under clause (i) involves a substantial por-tion of the installation, the agency con-cerned may obtain facility services for the leased property and common area mainte-nance from the redevelopment authority or the redevelopment authority’s assignee as a provision of the lease. The facility services and common area maintenance shall be pro-vided at a rate no higher than the rate charged to non-Federal tenants of the trans-ferred property. Facility services and com-mon area maintenance covered by the lease shall not include— (I) municipal services that a State or local government is required by law to provide to all landowners in its jurisdiction without di-rect charge; or (II) firefighting or security-guard func-tions. (F) The transfer of personal property under subparagraph (A) shall not be subject to the provisions of subchapters II and III of chap-ter 5 of title 40, United States Code, if the Secretary determines that the transfer of such property is necessary for the effective implementation of a redevelopment plan with respect to the installation at which such property is located. (G) The provisions of section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)) shall apply to any transfer of real property under this paragraph. (H) The Secretary may require any addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with a transfer under this paragraph as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (5)(A) Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), the Secretary shall take such ac-tions as the Secretary determines necessary to ensure that final determinations under paragraph (1) regarding whether another Federal agency has identified a use for any portion of a military installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle, or will accept transfer of any portion of such installation, are made not later than180 days after the date of approval of closure or re-alignment of that installation. (B) The Secretary may, in consultation with the redevelopment authority with re-spect to an installation, postpone making the final determinations referred to in sub-paragraph (A) with respect to the installa-tion for such period as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate if the Secretary deter-mines that such postponement is in the best interests of the communities affected by the closure or realignment of the installation. (C)(i) Before acquiring non-Federal real property as the location for a new or replace-ment Federal facility of any type, the head of the Federal agency acquiring the property shall consult with the Secretary regarding the feasibility and cost advantages of using Federal property or facilities at a military installation closed or realigned or to be closed or realigned under this subtitle as the location for the new or replacement facility. In considering the availability and suit-ability of a specific military installation, the Secretary and the head of the Federal agen-cy involved shall obtain the concurrence of the redevelopment authority with respect to the installation and comply with the rede-velopment plan for the installation. (ii) Not later than 30 days after acquiring non-Federal real property as the location for a new or replacement Federal facility, the head of the Federal agency acquiring the property shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the consultation under clause (i) and the reasons why mili-tary installations referred to in such clause that are located within the area to be served by the new or replacement Federal facility or within a 200-mile radius of the new or re-placement facility, whichever area is great-er, were considered to be unsuitable or un-available for the site of the new or replace-ment facility. (6)(A) The disposal of buildings and prop-erty located at installations approved for closure or realignment under this subtitle shall be carried out in accordance with this paragraph. (B)(i) Not later than the date on which the Secretary of Defense completes the final de-terminations referred to in paragraph (5) re-lating to the use or transferability of any portion of an installation covered by this paragraph, the Secretary shall— (I) identify the buildings and property at the installation for which the Department of Defense has a use, for which another Federal agency has identified a use, or of which an-other Federal agency will accept a transfer; (II) take such actions as are necessary to identify any building or property at the in-stallation not identified under subclause (I) that is excess property or surplus property; (III) submit to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and to the redevel-opment authority for the installation (or the chief executive officer of the State in which the installation is located if there is no rede-velopment authority for the installation at the completion of such final determinations) information on any building or property that is identified under subclause (II); and (IV) publish in the Federal Register and in a newspaper of general circulation in the communities in the vicinity of the installa-tion information on the buildings and prop-erty identified under subclause (II). (ii) Upon the recognition of a redevelop-ment authority for an installation covered by this paragraph, the Secretary of Defense shall publish in the Federal Register and in a newspaper of general circulation in the communities in the vicinity of the installa-tion information on the redevelopment au-thority. (C)(i) State and local governments, rep-resentatives of the homeless, and other in-terested parties located in the communities in the vicinity of an installation covered by this paragraph shall submit to the redevelop-ment authority for the installation a notice of the interest, if any, of such governments, representatives, and parties in the buildings or property, or any portion thereof, at the installation that are identified under sub-paragraph (B)(i)(II). A notice of interest under this clause shall describe the need of the government, representative, or party concerned for the buildings or property cov-ered by the notice. (ii) The redevelopment authority for an in-stallation shall assist the governments, rep-resentatives, and parties referred to in clause (i) in evaluating buildings and prop-erty at the installation for purposes of this subparagraph. (iii) In providing assistance under clause (ii), a redevelopment authority shall— (I) consult with representatives of the homeless in the communities in the vicinity of the installation concerned; and (II) undertake outreach efforts to provide information on the buildings and property to representatives of the homeless, and to other persons or entities interested in assisting the homeless, in such communities. (iv) It is the sense of Congress that redevel-opment authorities should begin to conduct outreach efforts under clause (iii)(II) with re-spect to an installation as soon as prac-ticable after the date of approval of closure or realignment of the installation. (D)(i) State and local governments, rep-resentatives of the homeless, and other in-terested parties shall submit a notice of in-terest to a redevelopment authority under subparagraph (C) not later than the date specified for such notice by the redevelop-ment authority. (ii) The date specified under clause (i) shall be— (I) in the case of an installation for which a redevelopment authority has been recog-nized as of the date of the completion of the determinations referred to in paragraph (5), not earlier than 90 days and not later than 180 days after the date of publication of such determination in a newspaper of general cir-culation in the communities in the vicinity of the installation under subparagraph (B)(i)(IV); and (II) in the case of an installation for which a redevelopment authority is not recognized as of such date, not earlier than 90 days and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.023 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3424 June 6, 2016 
not later than 180 days after the date of the recognition of a redevelopment authority for the installation. (iii) Upon specifying a date for an installa-tion under this subparagraph, the redevelop-ment authority for the installation shall— (I) publish the date specified in a news-paper of general circulation in the commu-nities in the vicinity of the installation con-cerned; and (II) notify the Secretary of Defense of the date. (E)(i) In submitting to a redevelopment au-thority under subparagraph (C) a notice of interest in the use of buildings or property at an installation to assist the homeless, a representative of the homeless shall submit the following: (I) A description of the homeless assistance program that the representative proposes to carry out at the installation. (II) An assessment of the need for the pro-gram. (III) A description of the extent to which the program is or will be coordinated with other homeless assistance programs in the communities in the vicinity of the installa-tion. (IV) A description of the buildings and property at the installation that are nec-essary in order to carry out the program. (V) A description of the financial plan, the organization, and the organizational capac-ity of the representative to carry out the program. (VI) An assessment of the time required in order to commence carrying out the pro-gram. (ii) A redevelopment authority may not re-lease to the public any information sub-mitted to the redevelopment authority under clause (i)(V) without the consent of the rep-resentative of the homeless concerned unless such release is authorized under Federal law and under the law of the State and commu-nities in which the installation concerned is located. (F)(i) The redevelopment authority for each installation covered by this paragraph shall prepare a redevelopment plan for the installation. The redevelopment authority shall, in preparing the plan, consider the in-terests in the use to assist the homeless of the buildings and property at the installa-tion that are expressed in the notices sub-mitted to the redevelopment authority under subparagraph (C). (ii)(I) In connection with a redevelopment plan for an installation, a redevelopment au-thority and representatives of the homeless shall prepare legally binding agreements that provide for the use to assist the home-less of buildings and property, resources, and assistance on or off the installation. The im-plementation of such agreements shall be contingent upon the decision regarding the disposal of the buildings and property cov-ered by the agreements by the Secretary of Defense under subparagraph (K) or (L). (II) Agreements under this clause shall provide for the reversion to the redevelop-ment authority concerned, or to such other entity or entities as the agreements shall provide, of buildings and property that are made available under this paragraph for use to assist the homeless in the event that such buildings and property cease being used for that purpose. (iii) A redevelopment authority shall pro-vide opportunity for public comment on a re-development plan before submission of the plan to the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development under subparagraph (G). (iv) A redevelopment authority shall com-plete preparation of a redevelopment plan for an installation and submit the plan under subparagraph (G) not later than 270 days after the date specified by the redevelopment authority for the installation under subpara-graph (D). (G)(i) Upon completion of a redevelopment plan under subparagraph (F), a redevelop-ment authority shall submit an application containing the plan to the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. (ii) A redevelopment authority shall in-clude in an application under clause (i) the following: (I) A copy of the redevelopment plan, in-cluding a summary of any public comments on the plan received by the redevelopment authority under subparagraph (F)(iii). (II) A copy of each notice of interest of use of buildings and property to assist the home-less that was submitted to the redevelop-ment authority under subparagraph (C), to-gether with a description of the manner, if any, in which the plan addresses the interest expressed in each such notice and, if the plan does not address such an interest, an expla-nation why the plan does not address the in-terest. (III) A summary of the outreach under-taken by the redevelopment authority under subparagraph (C)(iii)(II) in preparing the plan. (IV) A statement identifying the represent-atives of the homeless and the homeless as-sistance planning boards, if any, with which the redevelopment authority consulted in preparing the plan, and the results of such consultations. (V) An assessment of the manner in which the redevelopment plan balances the ex-pressed needs of the homeless and the need of the communities in the vicinity of the in-stallation for economic redevelopment and other development. (VI) Copies of the agreements that the re-development authority proposes to enter into under subparagraph (F)(ii). (H)(i) Not later than 60 days after receiving a redevelopment plan under subparagraph (G), the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment shall complete a review of the plan. The purpose of the review is to deter-mine whether the plan, with respect to the expressed interest and requests of represent-atives of the homeless— (I) takes into consideration the size and nature of the homeless population in the communities in the vicinity of the installa-tion, the availability of existing services in such communities to meet the needs of the homeless in such communities, and the suit-ability of the buildings and property covered by the plan for the use and needs of the homeless in such communities; (II) takes into consideration any economic impact of the homeless assistance under the plan on the communities in the vicinity of the installation; (III) balances in an appropriate manner the needs of the communities in the vicinity of the installation for economic redevelopment and other development with the needs of the homeless in such communities; (IV) was developed in consultation with representatives of the homeless and the homeless assistance planning boards, if any, in the communities in the vicinity of the in-stallation; and (V) specifies the manner in which buildings and property, resources, and assistance on or off the installation will be made available for homeless assistance purposes. (ii) It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development shall, in completing the review of a plan under this subparagraph, take into consider-ation and be receptive to the predominant views on the plan of the communities in the vicinity of the installation covered by the plan. (iii) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may engage in negotiations and consultations with a redevelopment au-thority before or during the course of a re-view under clause (i) with a view toward re-solving any preliminary determination of the Secretary that a redevelopment plan does not meet a requirement set forth in that clause. The redevelopment authority may modify the redevelopment plan as a re-sult of such negotiations and consultations. (iv) Upon completion of a review of a rede-velopment plan under clause (i), the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development shall notify the Secretary of Defense and the redevelopment authority concerned of the determination of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development under that clause. (v) If the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development determines as a result of such a review that a redevelopment plan does not meet the requirements set forth in clause (i), a notice under clause (iv) shall include— (I) an explanation of that determination; and (II) a statement of the actions that the re-development authority must undertake in order to address that determination. (I)(i) Upon receipt of a notice under sub-paragraph (H)(iv) of a determination that a redevelopment plan does not meet a require-ment set forth in subparagraph (H)(i), a rede-velopment authority shall have the oppor-tunity to— (I) revise the plan in order to address the determination; and (II) submit the revised plan to the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development. (ii) A redevelopment authority shall sub-mit a revised plan under this subparagraph to such Secretaries, if at all, not later than 90 days after the date on which the redevel-opment authority receives the notice re-ferred to in clause (i). (J)(i) Not later than 30 days after receiving a revised redevelopment plan under subpara-graph (I), the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall review the revised plan and determine if the plan meets the re-quirements set forth in subparagraph (H)(i). (ii) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall notify the Secretary of Defense and the redevelopment authority concerned of the determination of the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development under this subparagraph. (K)(i) Upon receipt of a notice under sub-paragraph (H)(iv) or (J)(ii) of the determina-tion of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development that a redevelopment plan for an installation meets the requirements set forth in subparagraph (H)(i), the Secretary of Defense shall dispose of the buildings and property at the installation. (ii) For purposes of carrying out an envi-ronmental assessment of the closure or re-alignment of an installation, the Secretary of Defense shall treat the redevelopment plan for the installation (including the as-pects of the plan providing for disposal to State or local governments, representatives of the homeless, and other interested par-ties) as part of the proposed Federal action for the installation. (iii) The Secretary of Defense shall dispose of buildings and property under clause (i) in accordance with the record of decision or other decision document prepared by the Secretary in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). In preparing the record of deci-sion or other decision document, the Sec-retary shall give substantial deference to the redevelopment plan concerned. (iv) The disposal under clause (i) of build-ings and property to assist the homeless shall be without consideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.023 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3425 June 6, 2016 
(v) In the case of a request for a convey-ance under clause (i) of buildings and prop-erty for public benefit under section 550 of title 40, United States Code, or sections 47151 through 47153 of title 49, United States Code, the sponsoring Federal agency shall use the eligibility criteria set forth in such section or subchapter II of chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code (as the case may be) to determine the eligibility of the applicant and use proposed in the request for the pub-lic benefit conveyance. The determination of such eligibility should be made before sub-mission of the redevelopment plan concerned under subparagraph (G). (L)(i) If the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development determines under sub-paragraph (J) that a revised redevelopment plan for an installation does not meet the re-quirements set forth in subparagraph (H)(i), or if no revised plan is so submitted, that Secretary shall— (I) review the original redevelopment plan submitted to that Secretary under subpara-graph (G), including the notice or notices of representatives of the homeless referred to in clause (ii)(II) of that subparagraph; (II) consult with the representatives re-ferred to in subclause (I), if any, for purposes of evaluating the continuing interest of such representatives in the use of buildings or property at the installation to assist the homeless; (III) request that each such representative submit to that Secretary the items described in clause (ii); and (IV) based on the actions of that Secretary under subclauses (I) and (II), and on any in-formation obtained by that Secretary as a result of such actions, indicate to the Sec-retary of Defense the buildings and property at the installation that meet the require-ments set forth in subparagraph (H)(i). (ii) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may request under clause (i)(III) that a representative of the homeless submit to that Secretary the following: (I) A description of the program of such representative to assist the homeless. (II) A description of the manner in which the buildings and property that the rep-resentative proposes to use for such purpose will assist the homeless. (III) Such information as that Secretary requires in order to determine the financial capacity of the representative to carry out the program and to ensure that the program will be carried out in compliance with Fed-eral environmental law and Federal law against discrimination. (IV) A certification that police services, fire protection services, and water and sewer services available in the communities in the vicinity of the installation concerned are adequate for the program. (iii) Not later than 90 days after the date of the receipt of a revised plan for an installa-tion under subparagraph (J), the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall— (I) notify the Secretary of Defense and the redevelopment authority concerned of the buildings and property at an installation under clause (i)(IV) that the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development determines are suitable for use to assist the homeless; and (II) notify the Secretary of Defense of the extent to which the revised plan meets the criteria set forth in subparagraph (H)(i). (iv)(I) Upon notice from the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development with re-spect to an installation under clause (iii), the Secretary of Defense shall dispose of buildings and property at the installation in consultation with the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and the redevelop-ment authority concerned. (II) For purposes of carrying out an envi-ronmental assessment of the closure or re-alignment of an installation, the Secretary of Defense shall treat the redevelopment plan submitted by the redevelopment au-thority for the installation (including the as-pects of the plan providing for disposal to State or local governments, representatives of the homeless, and other interested par-ties) as part of the proposed Federal action for the installation. The Secretary of De-fense shall incorporate the notification of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment under clause (iii)(I) as part of the pro-posed Federal action for the installation only to the extent, if any, that the Secretary of Defense considers such incorporation to be appropriate and consistent with the best and highest use of the installation as a whole, taking into consideration the redevelopment plan submitted by the redevelopment au-thority. (III) The Secretary of Defense shall dispose of buildings and property under subclause (I) in accordance with the record of decision or other decision document prepared by the Secretary in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). In preparing the record of deci-sion or other decision document, the Sec-retary shall give deference to the redevelop-ment plan submitted by the redevelopment authority for the installation. (IV) The disposal under subclause (I) of buildings and property to assist the homeless shall be without consideration. (V) In the case of a request for a convey-ance under subclause (I) of buildings and property for public benefit under section 550 of title 40, United States Code, or sections 47151 through 47153 of title 49, United States Code, the sponsoring Federal agency shall use the eligibility criteria set forth in such section or subchapter II of chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code (as the case may be) to determine the eligibility of the appli-cant and use proposed in the request for the public benefit conveyance. The determina-tion of such eligibility should be made before submission of the redevelopment plan con-cerned under subparagraph (G). (M)(i) In the event of the disposal of build-ings and property of an installation pursuant to subparagraph (K) or (L), the redevelop-ment authority for the installation shall be responsible for the implementation of and compliance with agreements under the rede-velopment plan described in that subpara-graph for the installation. (ii) If a building or property reverts to a re-development authority under such an agree-ment, the redevelopment authority shall take appropriate actions to secure, to the maximum extent practicable, the utilization of the building or property by other home-less representatives to assist the homeless. A redevelopment authority may not be re-quired to utilize the building or property to assist the homeless. (N) The Secretary of Defense may postpone or extend any deadline provided for under this paragraph in the case of an installation covered by this paragraph for such period as the Secretary considers appropriate if the Secretary determines that such postpone-ment is in the interests of the communities affected by the closure or realignment of the installation. The Secretary shall make such determinations in consultation with the re-development authority concerned and, in the case of deadlines provided for under this paragraph with respect to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. (O) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘communities in the vicinity of the in-stallation’’, in the case of an installation, means the communities that constitute the political jurisdictions (other than the State in which the installation is located) that comprise the redevelopment authority for the installation. (P) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘other interested parties’’, in the case of an installation, includes any parties eligi-ble for the conveyance of property of the in-stallation under section 550 of title 40, United States Code, or sections 47151 through 47153 of title 49, United States Code, whether or not the parties assist the homeless. (7)(A) Subject to subparagraph (C), the Sec-retary may enter into agreements (including contracts, cooperative agreements, or other arrangements for reimbursement) with local governments for the provision of police or se-curity services, fire protection services, air-field operation services, or other community services by such governments at military in-stallations to be closed under this subtitle, or at facilities not yet transferred or other-wise disposed of in the case of installations closed under this subtitle, if the Secretary determines that the provision of such serv-ices under such agreements is in the best in-terests of the Department of Defense. (B) The Secretary may exercise the author-ity provided under this paragraph without regard to the provisions of chapter 146 of title 10, United States Code. (C) The Secretary may not exercise the au-thority under subparagraph (A) with respect to an installation earlier than 180 days be-fore the date on which the installation is to be closed. (D) The Secretary shall include in a con-tract for services entered into with a local government under this paragraph a clause that requires the use of professionals to fur-nish the services to the extent that profes-sionals are available in the area under the jurisdiction of such government. (c) A
PPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL ENVIRON -
MENTAL POLICY ACT OF 1969.—(1) The provi-sions of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) shall not apply to the actions of the President, the Commission, and, except as provided in para-graph (2), the Department of Defense in car-rying out this subtitle. (2)(A) The provisions of the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 shall apply to actions of the Department of Defense under this subtitle— (i) during the process of property disposal; and (ii) during the process of relocating func-tions from a military installation being closed or realigned to another military in-stallation after the receiving installation has been selected but before the functions are relocated. (B) In applying the provisions of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 to the processes referred to in subparagraph (A), the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of the military departments con-cerned shall not have to consider— (i) the need for closing or realigning the military installation which has been rec-ommended for closure or realignment by the Commission; (ii) the need for transferring functions to any military installation which has been se-lected as the receiving installation; or (iii) military installations alternative to those recommended or selected. (3) A civil action for judicial review, with respect to any requirement of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 to the ex-tent such Act is applicable under paragraph (2), of any act or failure to act by the De-partment of Defense during the closing, re-aligning, or relocating of functions referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (2)(A), may not be brought more than 60 days after the date of such act or failure to act. (d) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may close or realign military installations under this subtitle without regard to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.023 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3426 June 6, 2016 
(1) any provision of law restricting the use of funds for closing or realigning military in-stallations included in any appropriations or authorization Act; and (2) sections 2662 and 2687 of title 10, United States Code. (e) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY IN CONNECTION  W
ITHPAYMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDI -
ATION COSTS.—(1)(A) Subject to paragraph (2) of this subsection and section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)), the Secretary may enter into an agreement to transfer by deed real prop-erty or facilities referred to in subparagraph (B) with any person who agrees to perform all environmental restoration, waste man-agement, and environmental compliance ac-tivities that are required for the property or facilities under Federal and State laws, ad-ministrative decisions, agreements (includ-ing schedules and milestones), and concur-rences. (B) The real property and facilities re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) are the real property and facilities located at an installa-tion closed or to be closed, or realigned or to be realigned, under this subtitle that are available exclusively for the use, or expres-sion of an interest in a use, of a redevelop-ment authority under subsection (b)(6)(F) during the period provided for that use, or expression of interest in use, under that sub-section. The real property and facilities re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) are also the real property and facilities located at an in-stallation approved for closure or realign-ment under this subtitle that are available for purposes other than to assist the home-less. (C) The Secretary may require any addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with an agreement authorized by subpara-graph (A) as the Secretary considers appro-priate to protect the interests of the United States. (2) A transfer of real property or facilities may be made under paragraph (1) only if the Secretary certifies to Congress that— (A) the costs of all environmental restora-tion, waste management, and environmental compliance activities otherwise to be paid by the Secretary with respect to the property or facilities are equal to or greater than the fair market value of the property or facili-ties to be transferred, as determined by the Secretary; or (B) if such costs are lower than the fair market value of the property or facilities, the recipient of the property or facilities agrees to pay the difference between the fair market value and such costs. (3) In the case of property or facilities cov-ered by a certification under paragraph (2)(A), the Secretary may pay the recipient of such property or facilities an amount equal to the lesser of— (A) the amount by which the costs in-curred by the recipient of such property or facilities for all environmental restoration, waste, management, and environmental compliance activities with respect to such property or facilities exceed the fair market value of such property or facilities as speci-fied in such certification; or (B) the amount by which the costs (as de-termined by the Secretary) that would oth-erwise have been incurred by the Secretary for such restoration, management, and ac-tivities with respect to such property or fa-cilities exceed the fair market value of such property or facilities as so specified. (4) As part of an agreement under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall disclose to the person to whom the property or facilities will be transferred any information of the Secretary regarding the environmental res-toration, waste management, and environ-mental compliance activities described in paragraph (1) that relate to the property or facilities. The Secretary shall provide such information before entering into the agree-ment. (5) Nothing in this subsection shall be con-strued to modify, alter, or amend the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) or the Solid Waste Dis-posal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.). (6) Section 330 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Public Law 102–484; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) shall not apply to any transfer under this subsection to persons or entities described in subsection (a)(2) of such section 330, except in the case of releases or threatened releases not dis-closed pursuant to paragraph (4) of this sub-section. 
SEC. 2716. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASE CLO-SURE ACCOUNT 2016. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—(1) If the Secretary makes the certifications required under sec-tion 2713(b), there shall be established on the books of the Treasury an account to be known as the ‘‘Department of Defense Base Closure Account 2016’’ (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Account’’). The Account shall be administered by the Secretary as a single account. (2) There shall be deposited into the Ac-count— (A) funds authorized for and appropriated to the Account; (B) any funds that the Secretary may, sub-ject to approval in an appropriation Act, transfer to the Account from funds appro-priated to the Department of Defense for any purpose, except that such funds may be transferred only after the date on which the Secretary transmits written notice of, and justification for, such transfer to the con-gressional defense committees; and (C) except as provided in subsection (d), proceeds received from the lease, transfer, or disposal of any property at a military instal-lation that is closed or realigned under this subtitle. (3) The Account shall be closed at the time and in the manner provided for appropriation accounts under section 1555 of title 31, United States Code. Unobligated funds which remain in the Account upon closure shall be held by the Secretary of the Treasury until transferred by law after the congressional defense committees receive the final report transmitted under subsection (c)(2). (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—(1) The Secretary may use the funds in the Account only for the purposes described in section 2715 with re-spect to military installations approved for closure or realignment under this subtitle. (2) When a decision is made to use funds in the Account to carry out a construction project under section 2715(a) and the cost of the project will exceed the maximum amount authorized by law for a minor mili-tary construction project, the Secretary shall notify in writing the congressional de-fense committees of the nature of, and jus-tification for, the project and the amount of expenditures for such project. Any such con-struction project may be carried out without regard to section 2802(a) of title 10, United States Code. (c) R
EPORTS .—(1)(A) Not later than 60 days after the end of each fiscal year in which the Secretary carries out activities under this subtitle using amounts in the Account, the Secretary shall transmit a report to the con-gressional defense committees of— (i) the amount and nature of the deposits into, and the expenditures from, the Account during such fiscal year; (ii) the amount and nature of other expend-itures made pursuant to section 2715(a) dur-ing such fiscal year; (iii) the amount and nature of anticipated deposits to be made into, and the anticipated expenditures to be made from, the Account during the first fiscal year commencing after the submission of the report; and (iv) the amount and nature of anticipated expenditures to be made pursuant to section 2715(a) during the first fiscal year com-mencing after the submission of the report. (B) The report for a fiscal year shall in-clude the following: (i) The obligations and expenditures from the Account during the fiscal year, identified by subaccount and installation, for each military department and Defense Agency. (ii) The fiscal year in which appropriations for such expenditures were made and the fis-cal year in which funds were obligated for such expenditures. (iii) Each military construction project for which such obligations and expenditures were made, identified by installation and project title. (iv) A description and explanation of the extent, if any, to which expenditures for military construction projects for the fiscal year differed from proposals for projects and funding levels that were included in the jus-tification transmitted to Congress under sec-tion 2717(1), or otherwise, for the funding proposals for the Account for such fiscal year, including an explanation of— (I) any failure to carry out military con-struction projects that were so proposed; and (II) any expenditures for military construc-tion projects that were not so proposed. (v) An estimate of the net revenues to be received from property disposals to be com-pleted during the first fiscal year com-mencing after the submission of the report at military installations approved for clo-sure or realignment under this subtitle. (2) Not later than 60 days after the closure of the Account under subsection (a)(3), the Secretary shall transmit to the congres-sional defense committees a report con-taining an accounting of— (A) all the funds deposited into and ex-pended from the Account or otherwise ex-pended under this subtitle with respect to such installations; and (B) any amount remaining in the Account. (d) DISPOSAL OR TRANSFER OF COMMISSARY  S
TORES AND PROPERTY PURCHASED WITHNON-
APPROPRIATED FUNDS .—(1) If any real prop-erty or facility acquired, constructed, or im-proved (in whole or in part) with commissary store funds or nonappropriated funds is transferred or disposed of in connection with the closure or realignment of a military in-stallation under this subtitle, a portion of the proceeds of the transfer or other disposal of property on that installation shall be de-posited in the reserve account established under section 204(b)(7)(C) of the Defense Au-thorization Amendments and Base Closure and Realignment Act (Public Law 100–526; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note). (2) The amount so deposited shall be equal to the depreciated value of the investment made with such funds in the acquisition, construction, or improvement of that par-ticular real property or facility. The depre-ciated value of the investment shall be com-puted in accordance with regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary. (3) The Secretary may use amounts in the reserve account, without further appropria-tion, for the purpose of acquiring, con-structing, and improving— (A) commissary stores; and (B) real property and facilities for non-appropriated fund instrumentalities. (4) In this subsection: (A) The term ‘‘commissary store funds’’ means funds received from the adjustment of, or surcharge on, selling prices at com-missary stores fixed under section 2685 of title 10, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.023 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3427 June 6, 2016 
(B) The term ‘‘nonappropriated funds’’ means funds received from a non-appropriated fund instrumentality. (C) The term ‘‘nonappropriated fund in-strumentality’’ means an instrumentality of the United States under the jurisdiction of the Armed Forces (including the Army and Air Force Exchange Service, the Navy Resale and Services Support Office, and the Marine Corps exchanges) which is conducted for the comfort, pleasure, contentment, or physical or mental improvement of members of the Armed Forces. (e) A
CCOUNT EXCLUSIVE SOURCE OF FUNDS  
FOR ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION  P
ROJECTS .—Except for funds deposited into the Account under subsection (a), funds ap-propriated to the Department of Defense may not be used for purposes described in section 2715(a)(1)(C). The prohibition in this subsection shall expire upon the closure of the Account under subsection (a)(3). (f) A
UTHORIZED COST AND SCOPE OF WORK V
ARIATIONS .—(1) Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the cost authorized for a military construction project or military family housing project to be carried out using funds in the Account may not be increased or re-duced by more than 20 percent or $2,000,000, whichever is less, of the amount specified for the project in the conference report to ac-company the Act of Congress authorizing the project. The scope of work for such a project may not be reduced by more than 25 percent from the scope specified in the most recent budget documents for the projects listed in such conference report. (2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to a mili-tary construction project or military family housing project to be carried out using funds in the Account with an estimated cost of less than $5,000,000, unless the project has not been previously identified in any budget sub-mission for the Account and exceeds the ap-plicable minor construction threshold under section 2805 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The limitation on cost or scope vari-ation specified in paragraph (1) shall not apply if the Secretary of Defense makes a de-termination that an increase or reduction in cost or a reduction in the scope of work for a military construction project or military family housing project to be carried out using funds in the Account is required for the sole purpose of meeting unusual vari-ations in cost or scope. If the Secretary makes such a determination, the Secretary shall notify the congressional defense com-mittees of the variation in cost or scope not later than 21 days before the date on which the variation is made in connection with the project or, if the notification is provided in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of title 10, United States Code, not later than 14 days before the date on which the vari-ation is made. The Secretary shall include the reasons for the variation in the notifica-tion. 
SEC. 2717. REPORTS. 
As part of the budget request for fiscal year 2021 and for each fiscal year thereafter through fiscal year 2032 for the Department of Defense, the Secretary shall transmit to the congressional defense committees— (1) a schedule of the closure actions to be carried out under this subtitle in the fiscal year for which the request is made and an es-timate of the total expenditures required and cost savings to be achieved by each such clo-sure and of the time period in which these savings are to be achieved in each case, to-gether with the Secretary’s assessment of the environmental effects of such actions; (2) a description of the military installa-tions, including those under construction and those planned for construction, to which functions are to be transferred as a result of such closures, together with the Secretary’s assessment of the environmental effects of such transfers; (3) a description of the closure actions al-ready carried out at each military installa-tion since the date of the installation’s ap-proval for closure under this subtitle and the current status of the closure of the installa-tion, including whether— (A) a redevelopment authority has been recognized by the Secretary for the installa-tion; (B) the screening of property at the instal-lation for other Federal use has been com-pleted; and (C) a redevelopment plan has been agreed to by the redevelopment authority for the installation; (4) a description of redevelopment plans for military installations approved for closure under this subtitle, the quantity of property remaining to be disposed of at each installa-tion as part of its closure, and the quantity of property already disposed of at each in-stallation; (5) a list of the Federal agencies that have requested property during the screening process for each military installation ap-proved for closure under this subtitle, in-cluding the date of transfer or anticipated transfer of the property to such agencies, the acreage involved in such transfers, and an explanation for any delays in such transfers; (6) a list of known environmental remedi-ation issues at each military installation ap-proved for closure under this subtitle, in-cluding the acreage affected by those issues, an estimate of the cost to complete such en-vironmental remediation, and the plans (and timelines) to address such environmental re-mediation; and (7) an estimate of the date for the comple-tion of all closure actions at each military installation approved for closure or realign-ment under this subtitle. SEC. 2718. CONGRESSIONAL CONSIDERATION OF COMMISSION REPORT. 
(a) T ERMS OF THE RESOLUTION .—For pur- poses of section 2714(b), the term ‘‘joint reso-lution’’ means only a joint resolution which is introduced within the 10-day period begin-ning on the date on which the President transmits the report to Congress under sec-tion 2713(k), and— (1) which does not have a preamble; (2) the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That Congress dis-approves the recommendations of the De-fense Base Closure and Realignment Com-mission as submitted by the President on lllllll’’, the blank space being filled in with the appropriate date; and (3) the title of which is as follows: ‘‘Joint resolution disapproving the recommenda-tions of the Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Commission.’’. (b) R
EFERRAL .—A resolution described in subsection (a) that is introduced in the House of Representatives shall be referred to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. A resolution de-scribed in subsection (a) introduced in the Senate shall be referred to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. (c) D
ISCHARGE .—If the committee to which a resolution described in subsection (a) is re-ferred has not reported such a resolution (or an identical resolution) by the end of the 20- day period beginning on the date on which the President transmits the report to Con-gress under section 2713(k), such committee shall be, at the end of such period, dis-charged from further consideration of such resolution, and such resolution shall be placed on the appropriate calendar of the House involved. (d) C
ONSIDERATION .—(1) On or after the third day after the date on which the com-mittee to which such a resolution is referred has reported, or has been discharged (under subsection (c)) from further consideration of, such a resolution, it is in order (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for any Member of the re-spective House to move to proceed to the consideration of the resolution. A member may make the motion only on the day after the calendar day on which the Member an-nounces to the House concerned the Mem-ber’s intention to make the motion, except that, in the case of the House of Representa-tives, the motion may be made without such prior announcement if the motion is made by direction of the committee to which the res-olution was referred. All points of order against the resolution (and against consider-ation of the resolution) are waived. The mo-tion is highly privileged in the House of Rep-resentatives and is privileged in the Senate and is not debatable. The motion is not sub-ject to amendment, or to a motion to post-pone, or to a motion to proceed to the con-sideration of other business. A motion to re-consider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consider-ation of the resolution is agreed to, the re-spective House shall immediately proceed to consideration of the joint resolution without intervening motion, order, or other business, and the resolution shall remain the unfin-ished business of the respective House until disposed of. (2) Debate on the resolution, and on all de-batable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than two hours, which shall be divided equally be-tween those favoring and those opposing the resolution. An amendment to the resolution is not in order. A motion further to limit de-bate is in order and not debatable. A motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the resolution is not in order. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the resolution is agreed to or disagreed to is not in order. (3) Immediately following the conclusion of the debate on a resolution described in subsection (a) and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the appropriate House, the vote on final passage of the reso-lution shall occur. (4) Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate or the House of Representatives, as the case may be, to the procedure relating to a resolution described in subsection (a) shall be decided without debate. (e) CONSIDERATION BY OTHER HOUSE .—(1) If, before the passage by one House of a resolu-tion of that House described in subsection (a), that House receives from the other House a resolution described in subsection (a), then the following procedures shall apply: (A) The resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee and may not be considered in the House receiving it ex-cept in the case of final passage as provided in subparagraph (B)(ii). (B) With respect to a resolution described in subsection (a) of the House receiving the resolution— (i) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no resolution had been received from the other House; but (ii) the vote on final passage shall be on the resolution of the other House. (2) Upon disposition of the resolution re-ceived from the other House, it shall no longer be in order to consider the resolution that originated in the receiving House. (f) R
ULES OF THE SENATE AND HOUSE .—This section is enacted by Congress— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.023 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3428 June 6, 2016 
(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and House of Representatives, respectively, and as such it is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of a resolution described in subsection (a), and it supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is inconsistent with such rules; and (2) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. 
SEC. 2719. RESTRICTION ON OTHER BASE CLO-SURE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (c), during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, and ending on April 15, 2020, this subtitle shall be the exclusive authority for selecting for clo-sure or realignment, or for carrying out any closure or realignment of, a military instal-lation inside the United States. (b) R
ESTRICTION .—Except as provided in subsection (c), none of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used, other than under this subtitle, during the pe-riod specified in subsection (a)— (1) to identify, through any transmittal to Congress or through any other public an-nouncement or notification, any military in-stallation inside the United States as an in-stallation to be closed or realigned or as an installation under consideration for closure or realignment; or (2) to carry out any closure or realignment of a military installation inside the United States. (c) E
XCEPTION .—Nothing in this subtitle af-fects the authority of the Secretary to carry out closures and realignments to which sec-tion 2687 of title 10, United States Code, is not applicable, including closures and re-alignments carried out for reasons of na-tional security or a military emergency de-scribed in subsection (d) of such section. 
SEC. 2720. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) The term ‘‘Account’’ means the Depart-ment of Defense Base Closure Account estab-lished by section 2716(a)(1). (2) The term ‘‘congressional defense com-mittees’’ means the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives. (3) The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Commission established by section 2712. (4) The term ‘‘military installation’’ means a base, camp, post, station, yard, center, homeport facility for any ship, or other ac-tivity under the jurisdiction of the Depart-ment of Defense, including any leased facil-ity. Such term does not include any facility used primarily for civil works, rivers and harbors projects, flood control, or other projects not under the primary jurisdiction or control of the Department of Defense. (5) The term ‘‘realignment’’ includes any action which both reduces and relocates functions and civilian personnel positions but does not include a reduction in force re-sulting from workload adjustments, reduced personnel or funding levels, or skill imbal-ances. (6) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Defense. (7) The term ‘‘United States’’ means the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa, and any other commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States. (8) The term ‘‘date of approval’’, with re-spect to a closure or realignment of an in-stallation, means the date on which the au-thority of Congress to disapprove a rec-ommendation of closure or realignment, as the case may be, of such installation under this subtitle expires. (9) The term ‘‘redevelopment authority’’, in the case of an installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle, means any en-tity (including an entity established by a State or local government) recognized by the Secretary of Defense as the entity respon-sible for developing the redevelopment plan with respect to the installation or for direct-ing the implementation of such plan. (10) The term ‘‘redevelopment plan’’ in the case of an installation to be closed or re-aligned under this subtitle, means a plan that— (A) is agreed to by the local redevelopment authority with respect to the installation; and (B) provides for the reuse or redevelopment of the real property and personal property of the installation that is available for such reuse and redevelopment as a result of the closure or realignment of the installation. (11) The term ‘‘representative of the home-less’’ has the meaning given such term in section 501(i)(4) of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411(i)(4)). SEC. 2721. TREATMENT AS A BASE CLOSURE LAW FOR PURPOSES OF OTHER PROVI-SIONS OF LAW. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ‘‘BASECLOSURE LAW’’ IN T
ITLE 10.—Section 101(a)(17) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) The Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Act of 2016.’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF ‘‘BASECLOSURE LAW’’ IN O
THER LAWS.— (1) Section 131(b) of Public Law 107–249 (10 U.S.C. 221 note) is amended by striking ‘‘means’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘has the meaning given the term ‘base clo-sure law’ in section 101(a)(17) of title 10, United States Code.’’. (2) Section 1334(k)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2701 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) The Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Act of 2016.’’. (3) Section 2918(a)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) The Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Act of 2016.’’. 
SEC. 2722. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) D EPOSIT AND USE OF LEASE PROCEEDS .— Section 2667(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘on or after January 1, 2005,’’ and inserting ‘‘from January 1, 2005 through December 31, 2005,’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) Money rentals received by the United States from a lease under subsection (g) at a military installation approved for closure or realignment under a base closure law on or after January 1, 2006, shall be deposited into the account established under section 2716 of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 2016.’’. (b) R
ESTORED LEAVE .—Section 6304(d)(3)(A) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘a base closure law, as that term is defined in section 101(a)(17) of title 10,’’. SA 4380. Mr. CORKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 2701 and 2702 and insert the following: Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 2701. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLO-SURE ACTIVITIES FUNDED THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2016, for base realignment and clo-sure activities, including real property ac-quisition and military construction projects, as authorized by the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Closure Account established by section 2906 of such Act (as amended by sec-tion 2711 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. Subtitle B—Defense Base Closure and Realignment 
SEC. 2711. SHORT TITLE; PURPOSE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Act of 2016’’. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this subtitle is to provide a fair process that will result in the timely closure and realignment of mili-tary installations in the United States. 
SEC. 2712. THE COMMISSION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established an independent commission to be known as the ‘‘Defense Base Closure and Realignment Commission’’. (b) D
UTIES .—The Commission shall carry out the duties specified for the Commission in this subtitle. (c) A
PPOINTMENT .—(1)(A) The Commission shall be composed of nine members ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate. (B) Subject to the certifications required under section 2713(b), the President may commence a round for the selection of mili-tary installations for closure and realign-ment under this subtitle in 2019 by transmit-ting to the Senate nominations for appoint-ment to the Commission by not later than February 1, 2019. (C) If the President does not transmit to Congress the nominations for appointment to the Commission on or before February 1, 2019, the process by which military installa-tions may be selected for closure or realign-ment under this subtitle shall be terminated. (2) In selecting individuals for nominations for appointments to the Commission, the President should consult with— (A) the Speaker of the House of Represent-atives concerning the appointment of two members; (B) the majority leader of the Senate con-cerning the appointment of two members; (C) the minority leader of the House of Representatives concerning the appointment of one member; and (D) the minority leader of the Senate con-cerning the appointment of one member. (3) At the time the President nominates in-dividuals for appointment to the Commis-sion, the President shall designate one such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.023 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3429 June 6, 2016 
individual who shall serve as Chairman of the Commission. (d) T
ERMS .—(1) Except as provided in para-graph (2), each member of the Commission shall serve until December 31, 2019. (2) The Chairman of the Commission shall serve until the confirmation of a successor. (e) M
EETINGS .—(1) The Commission shall meet only during calendar year 2019. (2)(A) Each meeting of the Commission, other than meetings in which classified in-formation is to be discussed, shall be open to the public. (B) All the proceedings, information, and deliberations of the Commission shall be open, upon request, to the following: (i) The Chairman and the ranking minority party member of the Subcommittee on Read-iness and Management Support of the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate, or such other members of the Subcommittee designated by such Chairman or ranking mi-nority party member. (ii) The Chairman and the ranking minor-ity party member of the Subcommittee on Readiness of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives, or such other members of the Subcommittee des-ignated by such Chairman or ranking minor-ity party member. (iii) The Chairmen and ranking minority party members of the subcommittees with jurisdiction for military construction of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and of the House of Representatives, or such other members of the subcommittees des-ignated by such Chairmen or ranking minor-ity party members. (iv) The Chairmen and ranking minority party members of the Subcommittees on De-fense of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives, or such other members of the sub-committees designated by such Chairmen or ranking minority party members. (C) A member of the Commission shall be recused from consideration of matters before the Commission in accordance with section 208 of title 18, United States Code. A member of the Commission shall not participate in the deliberations on, or vote regarding any matter from which the member is recused. (f) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy in the Commis-sion shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment, but the individual ap-pointed to fill the vacancy shall serve only for the unexpired portion of the term for which the individual’s predecessor was ap-pointed. (g) P
AY AND TRAVEL EXPENSES .—(1)(A) Each member, other than the Chairman, shall be paid at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the minimum annual rate of basic pay payable for level IV of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is en-gaged in the actual performance of duties vested in the Commission. (B) The Chairman shall be paid for each day referred to in subparagraph (A) at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the min-imum annual rate of basic pay payable for level III of the Executive Schedule under sec-tion 5314, of title 5, United States Code. (2) Members shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with sections 5702 and 5703 of title 5, United States Code. (h) D
IRECTOR OF STAFF .—(1) The Commis-sion shall, without regard to section 5311 of title 5, United States Code, appoint a Direc-tor who has not served on active duty in the Armed Forces or as a civilian employee of the Department of Defense during the one- year period preceding the date of such ap-pointment. (2) The Director shall be paid at the rate of basic pay payable for level IV of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. (i) STAFF .—(1) Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the Director, with the approval of the Commission, may appoint and fix the pay of additional personnel. (2) The Director may make such appoint-ments without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing ap-pointments in the competitive service, and any personnel so appointed may be paid without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of that title relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates, except that an individual so appointed may not receive pay in excess of the annual rate of basic pay payable for GS–15 of the General Schedule. (3)(A) Not more than one-third of the per-sonnel employed by or detailed to the Com-mission may be on detail from the Depart-ment of Defense. (B)(i) Not more than one-fifth of the pro-fessional analysts of the Commission staff may be persons detailed from the Depart-ment of Defense to the Commission. (ii) No person detailed from the Depart-ment of Defense to the Commission may be assigned as the lead professional analyst with respect to a military department or de-fense agency. (C) A person may not be detailed from the Department of Defense to the Commission if, within one year before the detail is to begin, that person participated personally and sub-stantially in any matter within the Depart-ment of Defense concerning the preparation of recommendations for closures or realign-ments of military installations. (D) No member of the Armed Forces, and no officer or employee of the Department of Defense, may— (i) prepare any report concerning the effec-tiveness, fitness, or efficiency of the per-formance on the staff of the Commission of any person detailed from the Department of Defense to that staff; (ii) review the preparation of such a report; or (iii) approve or disapprove such a report. (4) Upon request of the Director, the head of any Federal agency may detail any of the personnel of that agency to the Commission to assist the Commission in carrying out its duties under this subtitle. (5) The Comptroller General of the United States shall provide assistance, including the detailing of employees, to the Commission in accordance with an agreement entered into with the Commission. (6) Not later than April 1, 2019, the Chair-man of the Commission shall certify to the congressional defense committees regarding whether the Commission and its staff have adequate capacity to review the rec-ommendations to be submitted by the Sec-retary of Defense pursuant to section 2713. (7) The following restrictions relating to the personnel of the Commission shall apply during the period beginning on January 1, 2020, and ending on April 15, 2020: (A) There may not be more than 15 persons on the staff at any one time. (B) The staff may perform only such func-tions as are necessary— (i) to prepare for the termination of the Commission; and (ii) to transfer all records of the Commis-sion to the Secretary of Defense or national archives. (C) No member of the Armed Forces and no employee of the Department of Defense may serve on the staff. (j) O
THER AUTHORITY .—(1) The Commission may procure by contract, to the extent funds are available, the temporary or intermittent services of experts or consultants pursuant to section 3109 of title 5, United States Code. (2) The Commission may lease space and acquire personal property to the extent funds are available. (k) FUNDING .—(1) There are authorized to be appropriated to the Commission such funds as are necessary to carry out its duties under this subtitle. Such funds shall remain available until expended. (2) If no funds are appropriated to the Com-mission by the end of the second session of the 115th Congress, the Secretary of Defense may transfer to the Commission for purposes of its activities under this subtitle such funds as the Commission may require to carry out such activities. The Secretary may transfer funds under the preceding sentence from any funds available to the Secretary. Funds so transferred shall remain available to the Commission for such purposes until expended. (l) T
ERMINATION .—The Commission shall terminate on April 15, 2020. (m) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST RESTRICTING  C
OMMUNICATIONS .—Section 1034 of title 10, United States Code, shall apply with respect to communications with the Commission. 
SEC. 2713. PROCEDURE FOR MAKING REC-OMMENDATIONS FOR BASE CLO-SURES AND REALIGNMENTS. 
(a) F ORCE -STRUCTURE PLAN AND INFRA -
STRUCTURE INVENTORY .—(1) As part of the budget justification documents submitted to Congress in support of the budget for the De-partment of Defense for fiscal year 2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress the fol-lowing: (A) A force-structure plan for the Armed Forces based on an assessment by the Sec-retary of the probable threats to the na-tional security during the 20-year period be-ginning with that fiscal year, the probable end-strength levels and major military force units (including land force divisions, carrier and other major combatant vessels, air wings, and other comparable units) needed to meet those threats, and the anticipated lev-els of funding that will be available for na-tional defense purposes during such period. (B) A comprehensive inventory of military installations world-wide for each military department, with specifications of the num-ber and type of facilities in the active and re-serve forces of each military department. (2) Using the force-structure plan and in-frastructure inventory prepared under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall prepare (and include as part of the submission of such plan and inventory) the following: (A) A description of the infrastructure nec-essary to support the force structure de-scribed in the force-structure plan. (B) A discussion of categories of excess in-frastructure and infrastructure capacity. (C) An economic analysis of the effect of the closure or realignment of military in-stallations to reduce excess infrastructure. (3) In determining the level of necessary versus excess infrastructure under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall consider the fol-lowing: (A) The anticipated continuing need for and availability of military installations outside the United States, taking into ac-count current restrictions on the use of mili-tary installations outside the United States and the potential for future prohibitions or restrictions on the use of such military in-stallations. (B) Any efficiencies that may be gained from joint tenancy by more than one branch of the Armed Forces at a military installa-tion. (4) The Secretary may revise the force- structure plan and infrastructure inventory prepared under paragraph (1). If the Sec-retary makes such a revision, the Secretary shall submit the revised plan or inventory to Congress not later than February 15, 2019. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.024 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3430 June 6, 2016 
For purposes of selecting military installa-tions for closure or realignment under this subtitle, no revision of the force-structure plan or infrastructure inventory is author-ized after February 15, 2019. (b) C
ERTIFICATION OF NEED FOR FURTHER  C
LOSURES AND REALIGNMENTS .—(1) On the basis of the force-structure plan and infra-structure inventory prepared under sub-section (a) and the descriptions and eco-nomic analysis prepared under such sub-section, the Secretary shall include as part of the submission of the plan and inven-tory— (A) a certification regarding whether the need exists for the closure or realignment of additional military installations; and (B) if such need exists— (i) a certification that the additional round of closures and realignments would result in annual net savings for each of the military departments beginning not later than six years following the commencement of such closures and realignments; and (ii) a certification that the additional round of closures and realignments will have the primary objective of eliminating excess infrastructure capacity within the Depart-ment of Defense and reconfiguring the infra-structure of the Department to maximize ef-ficiency and reduce costs. (2) If the Secretary does not include the certifications referred to in paragraph (1) as part of the submission of the force-structure plan and infrastructure inventory prepared under subsection (a), the President may not commence a round for the selection of mili-tary installations for closure and realign-ment under this subtitle in the year fol-lowing submission of the force-structure plan and infrastructure inventory. (c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL EVALUATION .— (1) If the certification is provided under sub-section (b), the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare an evaluation of the following: (A) The force-structure plan and infra-structure inventory prepared under sub-section (a) and the final selection criteria specified in paragraph (d), including an eval-uation of the accuracy and analytical suffi-ciency of such plan, inventory, and criteria. (B) The need for the closure or realignment of additional military installations. (2) The Comptroller General shall submit to Congress the evaluation prepared under paragraph (1) not later than 60 days after the date on which the force-structure plan and infrastructure inventory are submitted to Congress. (d) F
INAL SELECTION CRITERIA .—(1) The final criteria to be used by the Secretary in making recommendations for the closure or realignment of military installations in the United States under this subtitle shall be the military value criteria specified in para-graph (2) and additional criteria specified in paragraph (3). (2) The military value criteria specified in this paragraph are as follows: (A) The current and future mission capa-bilities and the impact on operational readi-ness of the total force of the Department of Defense, including the impact on joint warfighting, training, and readiness. (B) The availability and condition of land, facilities, and associated airspace (including training areas suitable for maneuver by ground, naval, or air forces throughout a di-versity of climate and terrain areas and staging areas for the use of the Armed Forces in homeland defense missions) at both existing and potential receiving loca-tions. (C) The ability to accommodate contin-gency, mobilization, surge, and future total force requirements at both existing and po-tential receiving locations to support oper-ations and training. (D) The cost of operations and the man-power implications. (3) The additional criteria that the Sec-retary shall use in making recommendations for the closure or realignment of military in-stallations in the United States under this subtitle are as follows: (A) The extent and timing of potential costs and savings, including the number of years, beginning with the date of completion of the closure or realignment, for the savings to exceed the costs. (B) The economic impact on existing com-munities in the vicinity of military installa-tions. (C) The ability of the infrastructure of both the existing and potential receiving communities to support forces, missions, and personnel. (D) The environmental impact, including the impact of costs related to potential envi-ronmental restoration, waste management, and environmental compliance activities. (e) PRIORITY GIVEN TO MILITARY VALUE .— The Secretary shall give priority consider-ation to the military value criteria specified in subsection (d)(2) in the making of rec-ommendations for the closure or realign-ment of military installations. (f) D
ETERMINING COSTS.—When determining the costs associated with a closure or re-alignment of a military installation under this subtitle, the Secretary shall consider the costs associated with military construc-tion, information technology, termination of public-private contracts, guarantees, the costs of any other activity of the Depart-ment of Defense or another Federal agency that may be required to assume responsi-bility for activities at the military installa-tion, and such other factors as the Secretary determines as contributing to the cost of a closure or realignment. (g) E
MPHASIS GIVEN TO SAVINGS .—(1) Sub- ject to subsection (e), the Secretary shall emphasize recommendations for the closure or realignment of a military installation that yield net savings within five years of completing such closure or realignment. (2) The Secretary shall not consider any recommendation that does not yield net sav-ings within 20 years unless the Secretary de-termines that the military value of such rec-ommendation supports or enhances a critical national security interest of the United States. (h) R
ELATION TO OTHER MATERIALS .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (g), the final selection criteria specified in subsection (d) shall be the only criteria to be used, along with the force-structure plan and infrastruc-ture inventory referred to in subsection (a), in making recommendations for the closure or realignment of military installations in the United States under this subtitle. (i) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—(1) If the Secretary makes the cer-tifications required under subsection (b), the Secretary shall, by no later than April 15, 2019, publish in the Federal Register and transmit to the congressional defense com-mittees and to the Commission a list of the military installations inside the United States that the Secretary recommends for closure or realignment on the basis of the force-structure plan and infrastructure in-ventory prepared by the Secretary under subsection (a) and the final selection criteria specified in subsection (d). (2) The Secretary shall include, with the list of recommendations published and trans-mitted pursuant to paragraph (1), a summary of the selection process that resulted in the recommendation for each installation, in-cluding a justification for each recommenda-tion. The Secretary shall transmit the mat-ters referred to in the preceding sentence not later than seven days after the date of the transmittal to the congressional defense committees and the Commission of the list referred to in paragraph (1). (3)(A) In considering military installations for closure or realignment, the Secretary shall consider all military installations in the United States equally without regard to whether the installation has been previously considered or proposed for closure or realign-ment by the Department. (B) In considering military installations for closure or realignment, the Secretary may not take into account for any purpose any advance conversion planning undertaken by an affected community with respect to the anticipated closure or realignment of an installation. (C) For purposes of subparagraph (B), in the case of a community anticipating the economic effects of a closure or realignment of a military installation, advance conver-sion planning— (i) shall include community adjustment and economic diversification planning under-taken by the community before an antici-pated selection of a military installation in or near the community for closure or re-alignment; and (ii) may include the development of contin-gency redevelopment plans, plans for eco-nomic development and diversification, and plans for the joint use (including civilian and military use, public and private use, civilian dual use, and civilian shared use) of the prop-erty or facilities of the installation after the anticipated closure or realignment. (D) In making recommendations to the Commission, the Secretary shall consider any notice received from a local government in the vicinity of a military installation that the government would approve of the closure or realignment of the installation, (E) Notwithstanding the requirement in subparagraph (D), the Secretary shall make the recommendations referred to in that sub-paragraph based on the force-structure plan, infrastructure inventory, and final selection criteria otherwise applicable to such rec-ommendations. (F) The recommendations shall include a statement of the result of the consideration of any notice described in subparagraph (D) that is received with respect to a military installation covered by such recommenda-tions. The statement shall set forth the rea-sons for the result. (4) In addition to making all information used by the Secretary to prepare the rec-ommendations under this subsection avail-able to Congress (including any committee or member of Congress), the Secretary shall also make such information available to the Commission and the Comptroller General of the United States. (5)(A) Each person referred to in subpara-graph (B), when submitting information to the Secretary of Defense or the Commission concerning the closure or realignment of a military installation, shall certify that such information is accurate and complete to the best of that persons knowledge and belief. (B) Subparagraph (A) applies to the fol-lowing persons: (i) The Secretaries of the military depart-ments. (ii) The heads of the Defense Agencies. (iii) Each person who is in a position the duties of which include personal and sub-stantial involvement in the preparation and submission of information and recommenda-tions concerning the closure or realignment of military installations, as designated in regulations that the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe, regulations that the Sec-retary of each military department shall pre-scribe for personnel within that military de-partment, or regulations that the head of each Defense Agency shall prescribe for per-sonnel within that Defense Agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.024 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3431 June 6, 2016 
(6) Any information provided to the Com-mission by a person described in paragraph (5)(B) shall also be submitted to the Senate and the House of Representatives to be made available to the Members of the House con-cerned in accordance with the rules of that House. The information shall be submitted to the Senate and House of Representatives within 48 hours after the submission of the information to the Commission. (j) R
EVIEW AND RECOMMENDATIONS BY THE  C
OMMISSION .—(1) After receiving the rec-ommendations from the Secretary pursuant to subsection (i), the Commission shall con-duct public hearings on the recommenda-tions. All testimony before the Commission at a public hearing conducted under this paragraph shall be presented under oath. (2)(A) The Commission shall, by no later than October 1, 2019, transmit to the Presi-dent a report containing the Commission’s findings and conclusions based on a review and analysis of the recommendations made by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (i), together with the Commission’s rec-ommendations for closures and realignments of military installations in the United States. (B) Subject to subparagraphs (C) and (E), in making its recommendations, the Com-mission may make changes in any of the rec-ommendations made by the Secretary if the Commission determines that the Secretary deviated substantially from the force-struc-ture plan and final criteria referred to in subsection (d)(1) in making recommenda-tions. (C) In the case of a change described in subparagraph (D) in the recommendations made by the Secretary, the Commission may make the change only if— (i) the Commission— (I) makes the determination required by subparagraph (B); (II) determines that the change is con-sistent with the force-structure plan and final criteria referred to in subsection (d)(1); (III) publishes a notice of the proposed change in the Federal Register not less than 45 days before transmitting its recommenda-tions to the President pursuant to subpara-graph (A); and (IV) conducts public hearings on the pro-posed change; (ii) at least two members of the Commis-sion visit the military installation before the date of the transmittal of the report; and (iii) the decision of the Commission to make the change is supported by at least seven members of the Commission. (D) Subparagraph (C) shall apply to a change by the Commission in the Secretary’s recommendations that would— (i) add a military installation to the list of military installations recommended by the Secretary for closure; (ii) add a military installation to the list of military installations recommended by the Secretary for realignment; or (iii) increase the extent of a realignment of a particular military installation rec-ommended by the Secretary. (E) The Commission may not consider making a change in the recommendations of the Secretary that would add a military in-stallation to the Secretary’s list of installa-tions recommended for closure or realign-ment unless, in addition to the requirements of subparagraph (C)— (i) the Commission provides the Secretary with at least a 15-day period, before making the change, in which to submit an expla-nation of the reasons why the installation was not included on the closure or realign-ment list by the Secretary; and (ii) the decision to add the installation for Commission consideration is supported by at least seven members of the Commission. (F) In making recommendations under this paragraph, the Commission may not take into account for any purpose any advance conversion planning undertaken by an af-fected community with respect to the antici-pated closure or realignment of a military installation. (3) The Commission shall explain and jus-tify in its report submitted to the President pursuant to paragraph (2) any recommenda-tion made by the Commission that is dif-ferent from the recommendations made by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (i). The Commission shall transmit a copy of such re-port to the congressional defense commit-tees on the same date on which it transmits its recommendations to the President under paragraph (2). (4) After October 1, 2019, the Commission shall promptly provide, upon request, to any Member of Congress information used by the Commission in making its recommendations. (5) The Comptroller General of the United States shall— (A) assist the Commission, to the extent requested, in the Commission’s review and analysis of the recommendations made by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (i); and (B) by not later than June 3, 2019, transmit to Congress and to the Commission a report containing a detailed analysis of the Sec-retary’s recommendations and selection process. (k) R
EVIEW BY THE PRESIDENT .—(1) The President shall, by not later than October 15, 2019, transmit to the Commission and to Congress a report containing the President’s approval or disapproval of the Commission’s recommendations under subsection (j). (2) If the President approves all the rec-ommendations of the Commission, the Presi-dent shall transmit a copy of such rec-ommendations to Congress, together with a certification of such approval. (3) If the President disapproves the rec-ommendations of the Commission, in whole or in part, the President shall transmit to the Commission and Congress the reasons for that disapproval. The Commission shall then transmit to the President, by not later than November 18, 2019, a revised list of rec-ommendations for the closure and realign-ment of military installations. (4) If the President approves all of the re-vised recommendations of the Commission transmitted to the President under para-graph (3), the President shall transmit a copy of such revised recommendations to Congress, together with a certification of such approval. (5) If the President does not transmit to Congress an approval and certification de-scribed in paragraph (2) or (4) by December 2, 2019, the process by which military installa-tions may be selected for closure or realign-ment under this subtitle shall be terminated. 
SEC. 2714. CLOSURE AND REALIGNMENT OF MILI-TARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary shall— (1) close all military installations rec-ommended for closure by the Commission in each report transmitted to Congress by the President pursuant to section 2713(k); (2) realign all military installations rec-ommended for realignment by such Commis-sion in each such report; (3) carry out the privatization in place of a military installation recommended for clo-sure or realignment by the Commission only if privatization in place is a method of clo-sure or realignment of the military installa-tion specified in the recommendations of the Commission in such report and is determined by the Commission to be the most cost-effec-tive method of implementation of the rec-ommendation; (4) initiate all such closures and realign-ments not later than two years after the date on which the President transmits a re-port to Congress pursuant to section 2713(k) containing the recommendations for such closures or realignments; and (5) complete all such closures and realign-ments not later than the end of the six-year period beginning on the date on which the President transmits the report pursuant to section 2713(k) containing the recommenda-tions for such closures or realignments. (b) CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL .—(1) The Secretary may not carry out any closure or realignment recommended by the Commis-sion in a report transmitted from the Presi-dent pursuant to section 2713(k) if a joint resolution is enacted, in accordance with the provisions of section 2718, disapproving such recommendations of the Commission before the earlier of— (A) the end of the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the President trans-mits such report; or (B) the adjournment of Congress sine die for the session during which such report is transmitted. (2) For purposes of paragraph (1) of this subsection and subsections (a) and (c) of sec-tion 2718, the days on which either House of Congress is not in session because of ad-journment of more than three days to a day certain shall be excluded in the computation of a period. 
SEC. 2715. IMPLEMENTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—(1) In closing or realign-ing any military installation under this sub-title, the Secretary may— (A) take such actions as may be necessary to close or realign any military installation, including the acquisition of such land, the construction of such replacement facilities, the performance of such activities, and the conduct of such advance planning and design as may be required to transfer functions from a military installation being closed or realigned to another military installation, and may use for such purpose funds in the Account or funds appropriated to the Depart-ment of Defense for use in planning and de-sign, minor construction, or operation and maintenance; (B)(i) provide— (I) economic adjustment assistance to any community located near a military installa-tion being closed or realigned, and (II) community planning assistance to any community located near a military installa-tion to which functions will be transferred as a result of the closure or realignment of a military installation, if the Secretary of Defense determines that the financial resources available to the com-munity (by grant or otherwise) for such pur-poses are inadequate, and may use for such purposes funds in the Account or funds ap-propriated to the Department of Defense for economic adjustment assistance or commu-nity planning assistance; (C) carry out activities for the purposes of environmental restoration and mitigation at any such installation, and shall use for such purposes funds in the Account. (D) provide outplacement assistance to ci-vilian employees employed by the Depart-ment of Defense at military installations being closed or realigned, and may use for such purpose funds in the Account or funds appropriated to the Department of Defense for outplacement assistance to employees; and (E) reimburse other Federal agencies for actions performed at the request of the Sec-retary with respect to any such closure or re-alignment, and may use for such purpose funds in the Account or funds appropriated to the Department of Defense and available for such purpose. (2) In carrying out any closure or realign-ment under this subtitle, the Secretary shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.024 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3432 June 6, 2016 
ensure that environmental restoration of any property made excess to the needs of the Department of Defense as a result of such closure or realignment be carried out as soon as possible with funds available for such pur-pose. (b) M
ANAGEMENT AND DISPOSAL OF PROP-
ERTY .—(1) The Administrator of General Services shall delegate to the Secretary of Defense, with respect to excess and surplus real property, facilities, and personal prop-erty located at a military installation closed or realigned under this subtitle— (A) the authority of the Administrator to utilize excess property under subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code; (B) the authority of the Administrator to dispose of surplus property under subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code; (C) the authority to dispose of surplus property for public airports under sections 47151 through 47153 of title 49, United States Code; and (D) the authority of the Administrator to determine the availability of excess or sur-plus real property for wildlife conservation purposes in accordance with the Act of May 19, 1948 (16 U.S.C. 667b et seq.). (2)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B) and paragraphs (3), (4), (5), and (6), the Secretary of Defense shall exercise the authority dele-gated to the Secretary pursuant to para-graph (1) in accordance with all regulations governing the utilization of excess property and the disposal of surplus property under subtitle I of title 40, United States Code. (B) The Secretary may, with the concur-rence of the Administrator of General Serv-ices— (i) prescribe general policies and methods for utilizing excess property and disposing of surplus property pursuant to the authority delegated under paragraph (1); and (ii) issue regulations relating to such poli-cies and methods, which shall supersede the regulations referred to in subparagraph (A) with respect to that authority. (C) The Secretary of Defense may transfer real property or facilities located at a mili-tary installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle, with or without reim-bursement, to a military department or other entity (including a nonappropriated fund instrumentality) within the Depart-ment of Defense or the Coast Guard. (D) Before any action may be taken with respect to the disposal of any surplus real property or facility located at any military installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle, the Secretary of Defense shall consult with the Governor of the State and the heads of the local governments con-cerned for the purpose of considering any plan for the use of such property by the local community concerned. (E) If a military installation to be closed, realigned, or placed in an inactive status under this subtitle includes a road used for public access through, into, or around the in-stallation, the Secretary of Defense shall consult with the Governor of the State and the heads of the local governments con-cerned for the purpose of considering the continued availability of the road for public use after the installation is closed, re-aligned, or placed in an inactive status. (3)(A) Not later than 180 days after the date of approval of the closure or realignment of a military installation under this subtitle, the Secretary, in consultation with the rede-velopment authority with respect to the in-stallation, shall— (i) inventory the personal property located at the installation; and (ii) identify the items (or categories of items) of such personal property that the Secretary determines to be related to real property and anticipates will support the im-plementation of the redevelopment plan with respect to the installation. (B) If no redevelopment authority referred to in subparagraph (A) exists with respect to an installation, the Secretary shall consult with— (i) the local government in whose jurisdic-tion the installation is wholly located; or (ii) a local government agency or State government agency designated for the pur-pose of such consultation by the chief execu-tive officer of the State in which the instal-lation is located. (C)(i) Except as provided in subparagraphs (E) and (F), the Secretary may not carry out any of the activities specified in clause (ii) with respect to an installation referred to in that clause until the earlier of— (I) one week after the date on which the re-development plan for the installation is sub-mitted to the Secretary; (II) the date on which the redevelopment authority notifies the Secretary that it will not submit such a plan; (III) two years after the date of approval of the closure or realignment of the installa-tion; or (IV) 90 days before the date of the closure or realignment of the installation. (ii) The activities specified in this clause are activities relating to the closure or re-alignment of an installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle as follows: (I) The transfer from the installation of items of personal property at the installa-tion identified in accordance with subpara-graph (A). (II) The reduction in maintenance and re-pair of facilities or equipment located at the installation below the minimum levels re-quired to support the use of such facilities or equipment for nonmilitary purposes. (D) Except as provided in paragraph (4), the Secretary may not transfer items of personal property located at an installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle to an-other installation, or dispose of such items, if such items are identified in the redevelop-ment plan for the installation as items es-sential to the reuse or redevelopment of the installation. In connection with the develop-ment of the redevelopment plan for the in-stallation, the Secretary shall consult with the entity responsible for developing the re-development plan to identify the items of personal property located at the installation, if any, that the entity desires to be retained at the installation for reuse or redevelop-ment of the installation. (E) This paragraph shall not apply to any personal property located at an installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle if the property— (i) is required for the operation of a unit, function, component, weapon, or weapons system at another installation; (ii) is uniquely military in character, and is likely to have no civilian use (other than use for its material content or as a source of commonly used components); (iii) is not required for the reutilization or redevelopment of the installation (as jointly determined by the Secretary and the rede-velopment authority); (iv) is stored at the installation for pur-poses of distribution (including spare parts or stock items); or (v)(I) meets known requirements of an au-thorized program of another Federal agency for which expenditures for similar property would be necessary; and (II) is the subject of a written request by the head of the agency. (F) Notwithstanding subparagraphs (C)(i) and (D), the Secretary may carry out any ac-tivity referred to in subparagraph (C)(ii) or (D) if the Secretary determines that the car-rying out of such activity is in the national security interest of the United States. (4)(A) The Secretary may transfer real property and personal property located at a military installation to be closed or re-aligned under this subtitle to the redevelop-ment authority with respect to the installa-tion for purposes of job generation on the in-stallation. (B) The transfer of property located at a military installation under subparagraph (A) may be for consideration at or below the es-timated fair market value or without consid-eration. The determination of such consider-ation may account for the economic condi-tions of the local affected community and the estimated costs to redevelop the prop-erty. The Secretary may accept, as consider-ation, a share of the revenues that the rede-velopment authority receives from third- party buyers or lessees from sales and long- term leases of the conveyed property, consid-eration in kind (including goods and serv-ices), real property and improvements, or such other consideration as the Secretary considers appropriate. The transfer of prop-erty located at a military installation under subparagraph (A) may be made for consider-ation below the estimated fair market value or without consideration only if the redevel-opment authority with respect to the instal-lation— (i) agrees that the proceeds from any sale or lease of the property (or any portion thereof) received by the redevelopment au-thority during at least the first seven years after the date of the initial transfer of prop-erty under subparagraph (A) shall be used to support the economic redevelopment of, or related to, the installation; and (ii) executes the agreement for transfer of the property and accepts control of the prop-erty within a reasonable time after the date of the property disposal record of decision or finding of no significant impact under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (C) For purposes of subparagraph (B)(i), the use of proceeds from a sale or lease described in such subparagraph to pay for, or offset the costs of, public investment on or related to the installation for any of the following pur-poses shall be considered a use to support the economic redevelopment of, or related to, the installation: (i) Road construction. (ii) Transportation management facilities. (iii) Storm and sanitary sewer construc-tion. (iv) Police and fire protection facilities and other public facilities. (v) Utility construction. (vi) Building rehabilitation. (vii) Historic property preservation. (viii) Pollution prevention equipment or facilities. (ix) Demolition. (x) Disposal of hazardous materials gen-erated by demolition. (xi) Landscaping, grading, and other site or public improvements. (xii) Planning for or the marketing of the development and reuse of the installation. (D) The Secretary may recoup from a rede-velopment authority such portion of the pro-ceeds from a sale or lease described in sub-paragraph (B) as the Secretary determines appropriate if the redevelopment authority does not use the proceeds to support eco-nomic redevelopment of, or related to, the installation for the period specified in sub-paragraph (B). (E)(i) The Secretary may transfer real property at an installation approved for clo-
sure or realignment under this subtitle (in-cluding property at an installation approved for realignment which will be retained by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.024 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3433 June 6, 2016 
the Department of Defense or another Fed-eral agency after realignment) to the rede-velopment authority for the installation if the redevelopment authority agrees to lease, directly upon transfer, one or more portions of the property transferred under this sub-paragraph to the Secretary or to the head of another Federal agency. Subparagraph (B) shall apply to a transfer under this subpara-graph. (ii) A lease under clause (i) shall be for a term of not to exceed 50 years, but may pro-vide for options for renewal or extension of the term by the agency concerned. (iii) A lease under clause (i) may not re-quire rental payments by the United States. (iv) A lease under clause (i) shall include a provision specifying that if the agency con-cerned ceases requiring the use of the leased property before the expiration of the term of the lease, the remainder of the lease term may be satisfied by the same or another Fed-eral agency using the property for a use similar to the use under the lease. Exercise of the authority provided by this clause shall be made in consultation with the redevelop-ment authority concerned. (v) Notwithstanding clause (iii), if a lease under clause (i) involves a substantial por-tion of the installation, the agency con-cerned may obtain facility services for the leased property and common area mainte-nance from the redevelopment authority or the redevelopment authority’s assignee as a provision of the lease. The facility services and common area maintenance shall be pro-vided at a rate no higher than the rate charged to non-Federal tenants of the trans-ferred property. Facility services and com-mon area maintenance covered by the lease shall not include— (I) municipal services that a State or local government is required by law to provide to all landowners in its jurisdiction without di-rect charge; or (II) firefighting or security-guard func-tions. (F) The transfer of personal property under subparagraph (A) shall not be subject to the provisions of subchapters II and III of chap-ter 5 of title 40, United States Code, if the Secretary determines that the transfer of such property is necessary for the effective implementation of a redevelopment plan with respect to the installation at which such property is located. (G) The provisions of section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)) shall apply to any transfer of real property under this paragraph. (H) The Secretary may require any addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with a transfer under this paragraph as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (5)(A) Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), the Secretary shall take such ac-tions as the Secretary determines necessary to ensure that final determinations under paragraph (1) regarding whether another Federal agency has identified a use for any portion of a military installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle, or will accept transfer of any portion of such installation, are made not later than180 days after the date of approval of closure or re-alignment of that installation. (B) The Secretary may, in consultation with the redevelopment authority with re-spect to an installation, postpone making the final determinations referred to in sub-paragraph (A) with respect to the installa-tion for such period as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate if the Secretary deter-mines that such postponement is in the best interests of the communities affected by the closure or realignment of the installation. (C)(i) Before acquiring non-Federal real property as the location for a new or replace-ment Federal facility of any type, the head of the Federal agency acquiring the property shall consult with the Secretary regarding the feasibility and cost advantages of using Federal property or facilities at a military installation closed or realigned or to be closed or realigned under this subtitle as the location for the new or replacement facility. In considering the availability and suit-ability of a specific military installation, the Secretary and the head of the Federal agen-cy involved shall obtain the concurrence of the redevelopment authority with respect to the installation and comply with the rede-velopment plan for the installation. (ii) Not later than 30 days after acquiring non-Federal real property as the location for a new or replacement Federal facility, the head of the Federal agency acquiring the property shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the consultation under clause (i) and the reasons why mili-tary installations referred to in such clause that are located within the area to be served by the new or replacement Federal facility or within a 200-mile radius of the new or re-placement facility, whichever area is great-er, were considered to be unsuitable or un-available for the site of the new or replace-ment facility. (6)(A) The disposal of buildings and prop-erty located at installations approved for closure or realignment under this subtitle shall be carried out in accordance with this paragraph. (B)(i) Not later than the date on which the Secretary of Defense completes the final de-terminations referred to in paragraph (5) re-lating to the use or transferability of any portion of an installation covered by this paragraph, the Secretary shall— (I) identify the buildings and property at the installation for which the Department of Defense has a use, for which another Federal agency has identified a use, or of which an-other Federal agency will accept a transfer; (II) take such actions as are necessary to identify any building or property at the in-stallation not identified under subclause (I) that is excess property or surplus property; (III) submit to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and to the redevel-opment authority for the installation (or the chief executive officer of the State in which the installation is located if there is no rede-velopment authority for the installation at the completion of such final determinations) information on any building or property that is identified under subclause (II); and (IV) publish in the Federal Register and in a newspaper of general circulation in the communities in the vicinity of the installa-tion information on the buildings and prop-erty identified under subclause (II). (ii) Upon the recognition of a redevelop-ment authority for an installation covered by this paragraph, the Secretary of Defense shall publish in the Federal Register and in a newspaper of general circulation in the communities in the vicinity of the installa-tion information on the redevelopment au-thority. (C)(i) State and local governments, rep-resentatives of the homeless, and other in-terested parties located in the communities in the vicinity of an installation covered by this paragraph shall submit to the redevelop-ment authority for the installation a notice of the interest, if any, of such governments, representatives, and parties in the buildings or property, or any portion thereof, at the installation that are identified under sub-paragraph (B)(i)(II). A notice of interest under this clause shall describe the need of the government, representative, or party concerned for the buildings or property cov-ered by the notice. (ii) The redevelopment authority for an in-stallation shall assist the governments, rep-resentatives, and parties referred to in clause (i) in evaluating buildings and prop-erty at the installation for purposes of this subparagraph. (iii) In providing assistance under clause (ii), a redevelopment authority shall— (I) consult with representatives of the homeless in the communities in the vicinity of the installation concerned; and (II) undertake outreach efforts to provide information on the buildings and property to representatives of the homeless, and to other persons or entities interested in assisting the homeless, in such communities. (iv) It is the sense of Congress that redevel-opment authorities should begin to conduct outreach efforts under clause (iii)(II) with re-spect to an installation as soon as prac-ticable after the date of approval of closure or realignment of the installation. (D)(i) State and local governments, rep-resentatives of the homeless, and other in-terested parties shall submit a notice of in-terest to a redevelopment authority under subparagraph (C) not later than the date specified for such notice by the redevelop-ment authority. (ii) The date specified under clause (i) shall be— (I) in the case of an installation for which a redevelopment authority has been recog-nized as of the date of the completion of the determinations referred to in paragraph (5), not earlier than 90 days and not later than 180 days after the date of publication of such determination in a newspaper of general cir-culation in the communities in the vicinity of the installation under subparagraph (B)(i)(IV); and (II) in the case of an installation for which a redevelopment authority is not recognized as of such date, not earlier than 90 days and not later than 180 days after the date of the recognition of a redevelopment authority for the installation. (iii) Upon specifying a date for an installa-tion under this subparagraph, the redevelop-ment authority for the installation shall— (I) publish the date specified in a news-paper of general circulation in the commu-nities in the vicinity of the installation con-cerned; and (II) notify the Secretary of Defense of the date. (E)(i) In submitting to a redevelopment au-thority under subparagraph (C) a notice of interest in the use of buildings or property at an installation to assist the homeless, a representative of the homeless shall submit the following: (I) A description of the homeless assistance program that the representative proposes to carry out at the installation. (II) An assessment of the need for the pro-gram. (III) A description of the extent to which the program is or will be coordinated with other homeless assistance programs in the communities in the vicinity of the installa-tion. (IV) A description of the buildings and property at the installation that are nec-essary in order to carry out the program. (V) A description of the financial plan, the organization, and the organizational capac-ity of the representative to carry out the program. (VI) An assessment of the time required in order to commence carrying out the pro-gram. (ii) A redevelopment authority may not re-lease to the public any information sub-mitted to the redevelopment authority under clause (i)(V) without the consent of the rep-resentative of the homeless concerned unless such release is authorized under Federal law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.024 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3434 June 6, 2016 
and under the law of the State and commu-nities in which the installation concerned is located. (F)(i) The redevelopment authority for each installation covered by this paragraph shall prepare a redevelopment plan for the installation. The redevelopment authority shall, in preparing the plan, consider the in-terests in the use to assist the homeless of the buildings and property at the installa-tion that are expressed in the notices sub-mitted to the redevelopment authority under subparagraph (C). (ii)(I) In connection with a redevelopment plan for an installation, a redevelopment au-thority and representatives of the homeless shall prepare legally binding agreements that provide for the use to assist the home-less of buildings and property, resources, and assistance on or off the installation. The im-plementation of such agreements shall be contingent upon the decision regarding the disposal of the buildings and property cov-ered by the agreements by the Secretary of Defense under subparagraph (K) or (L). (II) Agreements under this clause shall provide for the reversion to the redevelop-ment authority concerned, or to such other entity or entities as the agreements shall provide, of buildings and property that are made available under this paragraph for use to assist the homeless in the event that such buildings and property cease being used for that purpose. (iii) A redevelopment authority shall pro-vide opportunity for public comment on a re-development plan before submission of the plan to the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development under subparagraph (G). (iv) A redevelopment authority shall com-plete preparation of a redevelopment plan for an installation and submit the plan under subparagraph (G) not later than 270 days after the date specified by the redevelopment authority for the installation under subpara-graph (D). (G)(i) Upon completion of a redevelopment plan under subparagraph (F), a redevelop-ment authority shall submit an application containing the plan to the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. (ii) A redevelopment authority shall in-clude in an application under clause (i) the following: (I) A copy of the redevelopment plan, in-cluding a summary of any public comments on the plan received by the redevelopment authority under subparagraph (F)(iii). (II) A copy of each notice of interest of use of buildings and property to assist the home-less that was submitted to the redevelop-ment authority under subparagraph (C), to-gether with a description of the manner, if any, in which the plan addresses the interest expressed in each such notice and, if the plan does not address such an interest, an expla-nation why the plan does not address the in-terest. (III) A summary of the outreach under-taken by the redevelopment authority under subparagraph (C)(iii)(II) in preparing the plan. (IV) A statement identifying the represent-atives of the homeless and the homeless as-sistance planning boards, if any, with which the redevelopment authority consulted in preparing the plan, and the results of such consultations. (V) An assessment of the manner in which the redevelopment plan balances the ex-pressed needs of the homeless and the need of the communities in the vicinity of the in-stallation for economic redevelopment and other development. (VI) Copies of the agreements that the re-development authority proposes to enter into under subparagraph (F)(ii). (H)(i) Not later than 60 days after receiving a redevelopment plan under subparagraph (G), the Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment shall complete a review of the plan. The purpose of the review is to deter-mine whether the plan, with respect to the expressed interest and requests of represent-atives of the homeless— (I) takes into consideration the size and nature of the homeless population in the communities in the vicinity of the installa-tion, the availability of existing services in such communities to meet the needs of the homeless in such communities, and the suit-ability of the buildings and property covered by the plan for the use and needs of the homeless in such communities; (II) takes into consideration any economic impact of the homeless assistance under the plan on the communities in the vicinity of the installation; (III) balances in an appropriate manner the needs of the communities in the vicinity of the installation for economic redevelopment and other development with the needs of the homeless in such communities; (IV) was developed in consultation with representatives of the homeless and the homeless assistance planning boards, if any, in the communities in the vicinity of the in-stallation; and (V) specifies the manner in which buildings and property, resources, and assistance on or off the installation will be made available for homeless assistance purposes. (ii) It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development shall, in completing the review of a plan under this subparagraph, take into consider-ation and be receptive to the predominant views on the plan of the communities in the vicinity of the installation covered by the plan. (iii) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may engage in negotiations and consultations with a redevelopment au-thority before or during the course of a re-view under clause (i) with a view toward re-solving any preliminary determination of the Secretary that a redevelopment plan does not meet a requirement set forth in that clause. The redevelopment authority may modify the redevelopment plan as a re-sult of such negotiations and consultations. (iv) Upon completion of a review of a rede-velopment plan under clause (i), the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development shall notify the Secretary of Defense and the redevelopment authority concerned of the determination of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development under that clause. (v) If the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development determines as a result of such a review that a redevelopment plan does not meet the requirements set forth in clause (i), a notice under clause (iv) shall include— (I) an explanation of that determination; and (II) a statement of the actions that the re-development authority must undertake in order to address that determination. (I)(i) Upon receipt of a notice under sub-paragraph (H)(iv) of a determination that a redevelopment plan does not meet a require-ment set forth in subparagraph (H)(i), a rede-velopment authority shall have the oppor-tunity to— (I) revise the plan in order to address the determination; and (II) submit the revised plan to the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development. (ii) A redevelopment authority shall sub-mit a revised plan under this subparagraph to such Secretaries, if at all, not later than 90 days after the date on which the redevel-opment authority receives the notice re-ferred to in clause (i). (J)(i) Not later than 30 days after receiving a revised redevelopment plan under subpara-graph (I), the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall review the revised plan and determine if the plan meets the re-quirements set forth in subparagraph (H)(i). (ii) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall notify the Secretary of Defense and the redevelopment authority concerned of the determination of the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development under this subparagraph. (K)(i) Upon receipt of a notice under sub-paragraph (H)(iv) or (J)(ii) of the determina-tion of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development that a redevelopment plan for an installation meets the requirements set forth in subparagraph (H)(i), the Secretary of Defense shall dispose of the buildings and property at the installation. (ii) For purposes of carrying out an envi-ronmental assessment of the closure or re-alignment of an installation, the Secretary of Defense shall treat the redevelopment plan for the installation (including the as-pects of the plan providing for disposal to State or local governments, representatives of the homeless, and other interested par-ties) as part of the proposed Federal action for the installation. (iii) The Secretary of Defense shall dispose of buildings and property under clause (i) in accordance with the record of decision or other decision document prepared by the Secretary in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). In preparing the record of deci-sion or other decision document, the Sec-retary shall give substantial deference to the redevelopment plan concerned. (iv) The disposal under clause (i) of build-ings and property to assist the homeless shall be without consideration. (v) In the case of a request for a convey-ance under clause (i) of buildings and prop-erty for public benefit under section 550 of title 40, United States Code, or sections 47151 through 47153 of title 49, United States Code, the sponsoring Federal agency shall use the eligibility criteria set forth in such section or subchapter II of chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code (as the case may be) to determine the eligibility of the applicant and use proposed in the request for the pub-lic benefit conveyance. The determination of such eligibility should be made before sub-mission of the redevelopment plan concerned under subparagraph (G). (L)(i) If the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development determines under sub-paragraph (J) that a revised redevelopment plan for an installation does not meet the re-quirements set forth in subparagraph (H)(i), or if no revised plan is so submitted, that Secretary shall— (I) review the original redevelopment plan submitted to that Secretary under subpara-graph (G), including the notice or notices of representatives of the homeless referred to in clause (ii)(II) of that subparagraph; (II) consult with the representatives re-ferred to in subclause (I), if any, for purposes of evaluating the continuing interest of such representatives in the use of buildings or property at the installation to assist the homeless; (III) request that each such representative submit to that Secretary the items described in clause (ii); and (IV) based on the actions of that Secretary under subclauses (I) and (II), and on any in-formation obtained by that Secretary as a result of such actions, indicate to the Sec-retary of Defense the buildings and property at the installation that meet the require-ments set forth in subparagraph (H)(i). (ii) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may request under clause 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.024 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3435 June 6, 2016 
(i)(III) that a representative of the homeless submit to that Secretary the following: (I) A description of the program of such representative to assist the homeless. (II) A description of the manner in which the buildings and property that the rep-resentative proposes to use for such purpose will assist the homeless. (III) Such information as that Secretary requires in order to determine the financial capacity of the representative to carry out the program and to ensure that the program will be carried out in compliance with Fed-eral environmental law and Federal law against discrimination. (IV) A certification that police services, fire protection services, and water and sewer services available in the communities in the vicinity of the installation concerned are adequate for the program. (iii) Not later than 90 days after the date of the receipt of a revised plan for an installa-tion under subparagraph (J), the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development shall— (I) notify the Secretary of Defense and the redevelopment authority concerned of the buildings and property at an installation under clause (i)(IV) that the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development determines are suitable for use to assist the homeless; and (II) notify the Secretary of Defense of the extent to which the revised plan meets the criteria set forth in subparagraph (H)(i). (iv)(I) Upon notice from the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development with re-spect to an installation under clause (iii), the Secretary of Defense shall dispose of buildings and property at the installation in consultation with the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and the redevelop-ment authority concerned. (II) For purposes of carrying out an envi-ronmental assessment of the closure or re-alignment of an installation, the Secretary of Defense shall treat the redevelopment plan submitted by the redevelopment au-thority for the installation (including the as-pects of the plan providing for disposal to State or local governments, representatives of the homeless, and other interested par-ties) as part of the proposed Federal action for the installation. The Secretary of De-fense shall incorporate the notification of the Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment under clause (iii)(I) as part of the pro-posed Federal action for the installation only to the extent, if any, that the Secretary of Defense considers such incorporation to be appropriate and consistent with the best and highest use of the installation as a whole, taking into consideration the redevelopment plan submitted by the redevelopment au-thority. (III) The Secretary of Defense shall dispose of buildings and property under subclause (I) in accordance with the record of decision or other decision document prepared by the Secretary in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). In preparing the record of deci-sion or other decision document, the Sec-retary shall give deference to the redevelop-ment plan submitted by the redevelopment authority for the installation. (IV) The disposal under subclause (I) of buildings and property to assist the homeless shall be without consideration. (V) In the case of a request for a convey-ance under subclause (I) of buildings and property for public benefit under section 550 of title 40, United States Code, or sections 47151 through 47153 of title 49, United States Code, the sponsoring Federal agency shall use the eligibility criteria set forth in such section or subchapter II of chapter 471 of title 49, United States Code (as the case may be) to determine the eligibility of the appli-cant and use proposed in the request for the public benefit conveyance. The determina-tion of such eligibility should be made before submission of the redevelopment plan con-cerned under subparagraph (G). (M)(i) In the event of the disposal of build-ings and property of an installation pursuant to subparagraph (K) or (L), the redevelop-ment authority for the installation shall be responsible for the implementation of and compliance with agreements under the rede-velopment plan described in that subpara-graph for the installation. (ii) If a building or property reverts to a re-development authority under such an agree-ment, the redevelopment authority shall take appropriate actions to secure, to the maximum extent practicable, the utilization of the building or property by other home-less representatives to assist the homeless. A redevelopment authority may not be re-quired to utilize the building or property to assist the homeless. (N) The Secretary of Defense may postpone or extend any deadline provided for under this paragraph in the case of an installation covered by this paragraph for such period as the Secretary considers appropriate if the Secretary determines that such postpone-ment is in the interests of the communities affected by the closure or realignment of the installation. The Secretary shall make such determinations in consultation with the re-development authority concerned and, in the case of deadlines provided for under this paragraph with respect to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. (O) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘communities in the vicinity of the in-stallation’’, in the case of an installation, means the communities that constitute the political jurisdictions (other than the State in which the installation is located) that comprise the redevelopment authority for the installation. (P) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘other interested parties’’, in the case of an installation, includes any parties eligi-ble for the conveyance of property of the in-stallation under section 550 of title 40, United States Code, or sections 47151 through 47153 of title 49, United States Code, whether or not the parties assist the homeless. (7)(A) Subject to subparagraph (C), the Sec-retary may enter into agreements (including contracts, cooperative agreements, or other arrangements for reimbursement) with local governments for the provision of police or se-curity services, fire protection services, air-field operation services, or other community services by such governments at military in-stallations to be closed under this subtitle, or at facilities not yet transferred or other-wise disposed of in the case of installations closed under this subtitle, if the Secretary determines that the provision of such serv-ices under such agreements is in the best in-terests of the Department of Defense. (B) The Secretary may exercise the author-ity provided under this paragraph without regard to the provisions of chapter 146 of title 10, United States Code. (C) The Secretary may not exercise the au-thority under subparagraph (A) with respect to an installation earlier than 180 days be-fore the date on which the installation is to be closed. (D) The Secretary shall include in a con-tract for services entered into with a local government under this paragraph a clause that requires the use of professionals to fur-nish the services to the extent that profes-sionals are available in the area under the jurisdiction of such government. (c) A
PPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL ENVIRON -
MENTAL POLICY ACT OF 1969.—(1) The provi-sions of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) shall not apply to the actions of the President, the Commission, and, except as provided in para-graph (2), the Department of Defense in car-rying out this subtitle. (2)(A) The provisions of the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 shall apply to actions of the Department of Defense under this subtitle— (i) during the process of property disposal; and (ii) during the process of relocating func-tions from a military installation being closed or realigned to another military in-stallation after the receiving installation has been selected but before the functions are relocated. (B) In applying the provisions of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 to the processes referred to in subparagraph (A), the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of the military departments con-cerned shall not have to consider— (i) the need for closing or realigning the military installation which has been rec-ommended for closure or realignment by the Commission; (ii) the need for transferring functions to any military installation which has been se-lected as the receiving installation; or (iii) military installations alternative to those recommended or selected. (3) A civil action for judicial review, with respect to any requirement of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 to the ex-tent such Act is applicable under paragraph (2), of any act or failure to act by the De-partment of Defense during the closing, re-aligning, or relocating of functions referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (2)(A), may not be brought more than 60 days after the date of such act or failure to act. (d) WAIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may close or realign military installations under this subtitle without regard to— (1) any provision of law restricting the use of funds for closing or realigning military in-stallations included in any appropriations or authorization Act; and (2) sections 2662 and 2687 of title 10, United States Code. (e) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY IN CONNECTION  W
ITHPAYMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDI -
ATION COSTS.—(1)(A) Subject to paragraph (2) of this subsection and section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)), the Secretary may enter into an agreement to transfer by deed real prop-erty or facilities referred to in subparagraph (B) with any person who agrees to perform all environmental restoration, waste man-agement, and environmental compliance ac-tivities that are required for the property or facilities under Federal and State laws, ad-ministrative decisions, agreements (includ-ing schedules and milestones), and concur-rences. (B) The real property and facilities re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) are the real property and facilities located at an installa-tion closed or to be closed, or realigned or to be realigned, under this subtitle that are available exclusively for the use, or expres-sion of an interest in a use, of a redevelop-ment authority under subsection (b)(6)(F) during the period provided for that use, or expression of interest in use, under that sub-section. The real property and facilities re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) are also the real property and facilities located at an in-stallation approved for closure or realign-ment under this subtitle that are available for purposes other than to assist the home-less. (C) The Secretary may require any addi-tional terms and conditions in connection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.024 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3436 June 6, 2016 
with an agreement authorized by subpara-graph (A) as the Secretary considers appro-priate to protect the interests of the United States. (2) A transfer of real property or facilities may be made under paragraph (1) only if the Secretary certifies to Congress that— (A) the costs of all environmental restora-tion, waste management, and environmental compliance activities otherwise to be paid by the Secretary with respect to the property or facilities are equal to or greater than the fair market value of the property or facili-ties to be transferred, as determined by the Secretary; or (B) if such costs are lower than the fair market value of the property or facilities, the recipient of the property or facilities agrees to pay the difference between the fair market value and such costs. (3) In the case of property or facilities cov-ered by a certification under paragraph (2)(A), the Secretary may pay the recipient of such property or facilities an amount equal to the lesser of— (A) the amount by which the costs in-curred by the recipient of such property or facilities for all environmental restoration, waste, management, and environmental compliance activities with respect to such property or facilities exceed the fair market value of such property or facilities as speci-fied in such certification; or (B) the amount by which the costs (as de-termined by the Secretary) that would oth-erwise have been incurred by the Secretary for such restoration, management, and ac-tivities with respect to such property or fa-cilities exceed the fair market value of such property or facilities as so specified. (4) As part of an agreement under para-graph (1), the Secretary shall disclose to the person to whom the property or facilities will be transferred any information of the Secretary regarding the environmental res-toration, waste management, and environ-mental compliance activities described in paragraph (1) that relate to the property or facilities. The Secretary shall provide such information before entering into the agree-ment. (5) Nothing in this subsection shall be con-strued to modify, alter, or amend the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.) or the Solid Waste Dis-posal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.). (6) Section 330 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Public Law 102–484; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) shall not apply to any transfer under this subsection to persons or entities described in subsection (a)(2) of such section 330, except in the case of releases or threatened releases not dis-closed pursuant to paragraph (4) of this sub-section. 
SEC. 2716. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASE CLO-SURE ACCOUNT 2016. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—(1) If the Secretary makes the certifications required under sec-tion 2713(b), there shall be established on the books of the Treasury an account to be known as the ‘‘Department of Defense Base Closure Account 2016’’ (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Account’’). The Account shall be administered by the Secretary as a single account. (2) There shall be deposited into the Ac-count— (A) funds authorized for and appropriated to the Account; (B) any funds that the Secretary may, sub-ject to approval in an appropriation Act, transfer to the Account from funds appro-priated to the Department of Defense for any purpose, except that such funds may be transferred only after the date on which the Secretary transmits written notice of, and justification for, such transfer to the con-gressional defense committees; and (C) except as provided in subsection (d), proceeds received from the lease, transfer, or disposal of any property at a military instal-lation that is closed or realigned under this subtitle. (3) The Account shall be closed at the time and in the manner provided for appropriation accounts under section 1555 of title 31, United States Code. Unobligated funds which remain in the Account upon closure shall be held by the Secretary of the Treasury until transferred by law after the congressional defense committees receive the final report transmitted under subsection (c)(2). (b) USE OF FUNDS .—(1) The Secretary may use the funds in the Account only for the purposes described in section 2715 with re-spect to military installations approved for closure or realignment under this subtitle. (2) When a decision is made to use funds in the Account to carry out a construction project under section 2715(a) and the cost of the project will exceed the maximum amount authorized by law for a minor mili-tary construction project, the Secretary shall notify in writing the congressional de-fense committees of the nature of, and jus-tification for, the project and the amount of expenditures for such project. Any such con-struction project may be carried out without regard to section 2802(a) of title 10, United States Code. (c) R
EPORTS .—(1)(A) Not later than 60 days after the end of each fiscal year in which the Secretary carries out activities under this subtitle using amounts in the Account, the Secretary shall transmit a report to the con-gressional defense committees of— (i) the amount and nature of the deposits into, and the expenditures from, the Account during such fiscal year; (ii) the amount and nature of other expend-itures made pursuant to section 2715(a) dur-ing such fiscal year; (iii) the amount and nature of anticipated deposits to be made into, and the anticipated expenditures to be made from, the Account during the first fiscal year commencing after the submission of the report; and (iv) the amount and nature of anticipated expenditures to be made pursuant to section 2715(a) during the first fiscal year com-mencing after the submission of the report. (B) The report for a fiscal year shall in-clude the following: (i) The obligations and expenditures from the Account during the fiscal year, identified by subaccount and installation, for each military department and Defense Agency. (ii) The fiscal year in which appropriations for such expenditures were made and the fis-cal year in which funds were obligated for such expenditures. (iii) Each military construction project for which such obligations and expenditures were made, identified by installation and project title. (iv) A description and explanation of the extent, if any, to which expenditures for military construction projects for the fiscal year differed from proposals for projects and funding levels that were included in the jus-tification transmitted to Congress under sec-tion 2717(1), or otherwise, for the funding proposals for the Account for such fiscal year, including an explanation of— (I) any failure to carry out military con-struction projects that were so proposed; and (II) any expenditures for military construc-tion projects that were not so proposed. (v) An estimate of the net revenues to be received from property disposals to be com-pleted during the first fiscal year com-mencing after the submission of the report at military installations approved for clo-sure or realignment under this subtitle. (2) Not later than 60 days after the closure of the Account under subsection (a)(3), the Secretary shall transmit to the congres-sional defense committees a report con-taining an accounting of— (A) all the funds deposited into and ex-pended from the Account or otherwise ex-pended under this subtitle with respect to such installations; and (B) any amount remaining in the Account. (d) DISPOSAL OR TRANSFER OF COMMISSARY  S
TORES AND PROPERTY PURCHASED WITHNON-
APPROPRIATED FUNDS .—(1) If any real prop-erty or facility acquired, constructed, or im-proved (in whole or in part) with commissary store funds or nonappropriated funds is transferred or disposed of in connection with the closure or realignment of a military in-stallation under this subtitle, a portion of the proceeds of the transfer or other disposal of property on that installation shall be de-posited in the reserve account established under section 204(b)(7)(C) of the Defense Au-thorization Amendments and Base Closure and Realignment Act (Public Law 100–526; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note). (2) The amount so deposited shall be equal to the depreciated value of the investment made with such funds in the acquisition, construction, or improvement of that par-ticular real property or facility. The depre-ciated value of the investment shall be com-puted in accordance with regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary. (3) The Secretary may use amounts in the reserve account, without further appropria-tion, for the purpose of acquiring, con-structing, and improving— (A) commissary stores; and (B) real property and facilities for non-appropriated fund instrumentalities. (4) In this subsection: (A) The term ‘‘commissary store funds’’ means funds received from the adjustment of, or surcharge on, selling prices at com-missary stores fixed under section 2685 of title 10, United States Code. (B) The term ‘‘nonappropriated funds’’ means funds received from a non-appropriated fund instrumentality. (C) The term ‘‘nonappropriated fund in-strumentality’’ means an instrumentality of the United States under the jurisdiction of the Armed Forces (including the Army and Air Force Exchange Service, the Navy Resale and Services Support Office, and the Marine Corps exchanges) which is conducted for the comfort, pleasure, contentment, or physical or mental improvement of members of the Armed Forces. (e) A
CCOUNT EXCLUSIVE SOURCE OF FUNDS  
FOR ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION  P
ROJECTS .—Except for funds deposited into the Account under subsection (a), funds ap-propriated to the Department of Defense may not be used for purposes described in section 2715(a)(1)(C). The prohibition in this subsection shall expire upon the closure of the Account under subsection (a)(3). (f) A
UTHORIZED COST AND SCOPE OF WORK V
ARIATIONS .—(1) Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the cost authorized for a military construction project or military family housing project to be carried out using funds in the Account may not be increased or re-duced by more than 20 percent or $2,000,000, whichever is less, of the amount specified for the project in the conference report to ac-company the Act of Congress authorizing the project. The scope of work for such a project may not be reduced by more than 25 percent from the scope specified in the most recent budget documents for the projects listed in such conference report. (2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply to a mili-tary construction project or military family housing project to be carried out using funds in the Account with an estimated cost of less 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.024 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3437 June 6, 2016 
than $5,000,000, unless the project has not been previously identified in any budget sub-mission for the Account and exceeds the ap-plicable minor construction threshold under section 2805 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The limitation on cost or scope vari-ation specified in paragraph (1) shall not apply if the Secretary of Defense makes a de-termination that an increase or reduction in cost or a reduction in the scope of work for a military construction project or military family housing project to be carried out using funds in the Account is required for the sole purpose of meeting unusual vari-ations in cost or scope. If the Secretary makes such a determination, the Secretary shall notify the congressional defense com-mittees of the variation in cost or scope not later than 21 days before the date on which the variation is made in connection with the project or, if the notification is provided in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of title 10, United States Code, not later than 14 days before the date on which the vari-ation is made. The Secretary shall include the reasons for the variation in the notifica-tion. 
SEC. 2717. REPORTS. 
As part of the budget request for fiscal year 2021 and for each fiscal year thereafter through fiscal year 2032 for the Department of Defense, the Secretary shall transmit to the congressional defense committees— (1) a schedule of the closure actions to be carried out under this subtitle in the fiscal year for which the request is made and an es-timate of the total expenditures required and cost savings to be achieved by each such clo-sure and of the time period in which these savings are to be achieved in each case, to-gether with the Secretary’s assessment of the environmental effects of such actions; (2) a description of the military installa-tions, including those under construction and those planned for construction, to which functions are to be transferred as a result of such closures, together with the Secretary’s assessment of the environmental effects of such transfers; (3) a description of the closure actions al-ready carried out at each military installa-tion since the date of the installation’s ap-proval for closure under this subtitle and the current status of the closure of the installa-tion, including whether— (A) a redevelopment authority has been recognized by the Secretary for the installa-tion; (B) the screening of property at the instal-lation for other Federal use has been com-pleted; and (C) a redevelopment plan has been agreed to by the redevelopment authority for the installation; (4) a description of redevelopment plans for military installations approved for closure under this subtitle, the quantity of property remaining to be disposed of at each installa-tion as part of its closure, and the quantity of property already disposed of at each in-stallation; (5) a list of the Federal agencies that have requested property during the screening process for each military installation ap-proved for closure under this subtitle, in-cluding the date of transfer or anticipated transfer of the property to such agencies, the acreage involved in such transfers, and an explanation for any delays in such transfers; (6) a list of known environmental remedi-ation issues at each military installation ap-proved for closure under this subtitle, in-cluding the acreage affected by those issues, an estimate of the cost to complete such en-vironmental remediation, and the plans (and timelines) to address such environmental re-mediation; and (7) an estimate of the date for the comple-tion of all closure actions at each military installation approved for closure or realign-ment under this subtitle. SEC. 2718. CONGRESSIONAL CONSIDERATION OF COMMISSION REPORT. 
(a) T ERMS OF THE RESOLUTION .—For pur- poses of section 2714(b), the term ‘‘joint reso-lution’’ means only a joint resolution which is introduced within the 10-day period begin-ning on the date on which the President transmits the report to Congress under sec-tion 2713(k), and— (1) which does not have a preamble; (2) the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That Congress dis-approves the recommendations of the De-fense Base Closure and Realignment Com-mission as submitted by the President on lllllll’’, the blank space being filled in with the appropriate date; and (3) the title of which is as follows: ‘‘Joint resolution disapproving the recommenda-tions of the Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Commission.’’. (b) R
EFERRAL .—A resolution described in subsection (a) that is introduced in the House of Representatives shall be referred to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. A resolution de-scribed in subsection (a) introduced in the Senate shall be referred to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. (c) D
ISCHARGE .—If the committee to which a resolution described in subsection (a) is re-ferred has not reported such a resolution (or an identical resolution) by the end of the 20- day period beginning on the date on which the President transmits the report to Con-gress under section 2713(k), such committee shall be, at the end of such period, dis-charged from further consideration of such resolution, and such resolution shall be placed on the appropriate calendar of the House involved. (d) C
ONSIDERATION .—(1) On or after the third day after the date on which the com-mittee to which such a resolution is referred has reported, or has been discharged (under subsection (c)) from further consideration of, such a resolution, it is in order (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for any Member of the re-spective House to move to proceed to the consideration of the resolution. A member may make the motion only on the day after the calendar day on which the Member an-nounces to the House concerned the Mem-ber’s intention to make the motion, except that, in the case of the House of Representa-tives, the motion may be made without such prior announcement if the motion is made by direction of the committee to which the res-olution was referred. All points of order against the resolution (and against consider-ation of the resolution) are waived. The mo-tion is highly privileged in the House of Rep-resentatives and is privileged in the Senate and is not debatable. The motion is not sub-ject to amendment, or to a motion to post-pone, or to a motion to proceed to the con-sideration of other business. A motion to re-consider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consider-ation of the resolution is agreed to, the re-spective House shall immediately proceed to consideration of the joint resolution without intervening motion, order, or other business, and the resolution shall remain the unfin-ished business of the respective House until disposed of. (2) Debate on the resolution, and on all de-batable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than two hours, which shall be divided equally be-tween those favoring and those opposing the resolution. An amendment to the resolution is not in order. A motion further to limit de-bate is in order and not debatable. A motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the resolution is not in order. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the resolution is agreed to or disagreed to is not in order. (3) Immediately following the conclusion of the debate on a resolution described in subsection (a) and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the appropriate House, the vote on final passage of the reso-lution shall occur. (4) Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate or the House of Representatives, as the case may be, to the procedure relating to a resolution described in subsection (a) shall be decided without debate. (e) CONSIDERATION BY OTHER HOUSE .—(1) If, before the passage by one House of a resolu-tion of that House described in subsection (a), that House receives from the other House a resolution described in subsection (a), then the following procedures shall apply: (A) The resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee and may not be considered in the House receiving it ex-cept in the case of final passage as provided in subparagraph (B)(ii). (B) With respect to a resolution described in subsection (a) of the House receiving the resolution— (i) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no resolution had been received from the other House; but (ii) the vote on final passage shall be on the resolution of the other House. (2) Upon disposition of the resolution re-ceived from the other House, it shall no longer be in order to consider the resolution that originated in the receiving House. (f) R
ULES OF THE SENATE AND HOUSE .—This section is enacted by Congress— (1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and House of Representatives, respectively, and as such it is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of a resolution described in subsection (a), and it supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is inconsistent with such rules; and (2) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. 
SEC. 2719. RESTRICTION ON OTHER BASE CLO-SURE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (c), during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, and ending on April 15, 2020, this subtitle shall be the exclusive authority for selecting for clo-sure or realignment, or for carrying out any closure or realignment of, a military instal-lation inside the United States. (b) R
ESTRICTION .—Except as provided in subsection (c), none of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used, other than under this subtitle, during the pe-riod specified in subsection (a)— (1) to identify, through any transmittal to Congress or through any other public an-nouncement or notification, any military in-stallation inside the United States as an in-stallation to be closed or realigned or as an installation under consideration for closure or realignment; or (2) to carry out any closure or realignment of a military installation inside the United States. (c) E
XCEPTION .—Nothing in this subtitle af-fects the authority of the Secretary to carry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.024 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3438 June 6, 2016 
out closures and realignments to which sec-tion 2687 of title 10, United States Code, is not applicable, including closures and re-alignments carried out for reasons of na-tional security or a military emergency de-scribed in subsection (d) of such section. 
SEC. 2720. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) The term ‘‘Account’’ means the Depart-ment of Defense Base Closure Account estab-lished by section 2716(a)(1). (2) The term ‘‘congressional defense com-mittees’’ means the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives. (3) The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Commission established by section 2712. (4) The term ‘‘military installation’’ means a base, camp, post, station, yard, center, homeport facility for any ship, or other ac-tivity under the jurisdiction of the Depart-ment of Defense, including any leased facil-ity. Such term does not include any facility used primarily for civil works, rivers and harbors projects, flood control, or other projects not under the primary jurisdiction or control of the Department of Defense. (5) The term ‘‘realignment’’ includes any action which both reduces and relocates functions and civilian personnel positions but does not include a reduction in force re-sulting from workload adjustments, reduced personnel or funding levels, or skill imbal-ances. (6) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Defense. (7) The term ‘‘United States’’ means the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa, and any other commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States. (8) The term ‘‘date of approval’’, with re-spect to a closure or realignment of an in-stallation, means the date on which the au-thority of Congress to disapprove a rec-ommendation of closure or realignment, as the case may be, of such installation under this subtitle expires. (9) The term ‘‘redevelopment authority’’, in the case of an installation to be closed or realigned under this subtitle, means any en-tity (including an entity established by a State or local government) recognized by the Secretary of Defense as the entity respon-sible for developing the redevelopment plan with respect to the installation or for direct-ing the implementation of such plan. (10) The term ‘‘redevelopment plan’’ in the case of an installation to be closed or re-aligned under this subtitle, means a plan that— (A) is agreed to by the local redevelopment authority with respect to the installation; and (B) provides for the reuse or redevelopment of the real property and personal property of the installation that is available for such reuse and redevelopment as a result of the closure or realignment of the installation. (11) The term ‘‘representative of the home-less’’ has the meaning given such term in section 501(i)(4) of the Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411(i)(4)). 
SEC. 2721. TREATMENT AS A BASE CLOSURE LAW FOR PURPOSES OF OTHER PROVI-SIONS OF LAW. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ‘‘BASECLOSURE LAW’’ IN T
ITLE 10.—Section 101(a)(17) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) The Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Act of 2016.’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF ‘‘BASECLOSURE LAW’’ IN O
THER LAWS.— (1) Section 131(b) of Public Law 107–249 (10 U.S.C. 221 note) is amended by striking ‘‘means’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘has the meaning given the term ‘base clo-sure law’ in section 101(a)(17) of title 10, United States Code.’’. (2) Section 1334(k)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2701 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) The Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Act of 2016.’’. (3) Section 2918(a)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) The Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Act of 2016.’’. SEC. 2722. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) D EPOSIT AND USE OF LEASE PROCEEDS .— Section 2667(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘on or after January 1, 2005,’’ and inserting ‘‘from January 1, 2005 through December 31, 2005,’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) Money rentals received by the United States from a lease under subsection (g) at a military installation approved for closure or realignment under a base closure law on or after January 1, 2006, shall be deposited into the account established under section 2716 of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 2016.’’. (b) R
ESTORED LEAVE .—Section 6304(d)(3)(A) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘a base closure law, as that term is defined in section 101(a)(17) of title 10,’’. 
SA 4381. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XXVIII, insert the following: 
SEC. 28ll. ENVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION, EX-PLOSIVES CLEANUP, AND SITE RES-TORATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As part of any land con-veyance by the Army to a public or private entity under the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), the Secretary of the Army shall carry out the activities described in subsection (b). (b) E
NVIRONMENTAL REMEDIATION , EXPLO -
SIVES CLEANUP , AND SITERESTORATION AC-
TIVITIES .—The activities described in this subsection are— (1) environmental remediation activities, including— (A) any corrective action required under a permit issued by the State in which the property is located pursuant to the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.) re-lating to the property; (B) any activity to be carried out by the entity pursuant to a consent agreement (in-cluding any amendments) between the entity and the State in which the property is lo-cated regarding Army activities at the prop-erty; (C) the abatement of any potential explo-sive and ordnance conditions on the prop-erty; (D) the demolition, abatement, removal, and disposal of any structure containing as-bestos and lead-based paint, including the foundations, footing, and slabs of the struc-ture, together with backfilling and seeding; (E) the removal and disposal of any soil that contains a quantity of pesticide in ex-cess of the standard of the State in which the property is located, together with back-filling and seeding; (F) the design, construction, closure, and post-closure of any solid waste landfill facil-ity permitted by the State in which the property is located pursuant to the delegated authority of the State under the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.) to ac-commodate the consolidation of any existing landfills on the property and future require-ments; (G) lime sludge removal, disposal, and backfilling relating to any water treatment plant; (H) the closure of any septic tank on the property; and (I) any financial assurance required in con-nection with the activities described in this paragraph; and (2) site restoration activities, including— (A) the collection and disposal of any solid waste that was present on the property be-fore the date on which the Army conveys the land to the entity; (B) the removal of any improvement to the property that was present on the property before the date on which the Army conveys the land to the entity, including roads, sew-ers, gas lines, poles, ballast, structures, slabs, footings, and foundations, together with backfilling and seeding; (C) any impediments to redevelopment of the property arising from the use of the property by, or on behalf of, the Army or any contractor of the Army; (D) any financial assurance required in connection with the activities described in this paragraph; and (E) payment of the legal, environmental, and engineering costs incurred by the entity for the analysis of the work necessary to complete the environmental remediation. SA 4382. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. CLOSURE OF ST. MARYS AIRPORT, ST. MARYS, GEORGIA. 
(a) R ELEASE OF RESTRICTIONS .—Subject to subsection (b), the United States, acting through the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, shall release the City of St. Marys, Georgia, from all restric-tions, conditions, and limitations on the use, encumbrance, conveyance, and closure of the St. Marys Airport, to the extent such re-strictions, conditions, and limitations are enforceable by the Administrator. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR RELEASE OF RE-
STRICTIONS .—The Administrator shall exe-cute the release under subsection (a) once all of the following occurs: (1) The Secretary of the Navy transfers to the Georgia Department of Transportation the amounts described in subsection (c) and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.024 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3439 June 6, 2016 
requires as an enforceable condition on such transfer that all funds transferred shall be used only for airport development (as defined in section 47102 of title 49, United States Code) of a regional airport in Georgia, con-sistent with planning efforts conducted by the Administrator and the Georgia Depart-ment of Transportation. (2) The City of St. Marys, for consideration as provided for in this section, grants to the United States, under the administrative ju-risdiction of the Secretary, a restrictive use easement in the real property used for the St. Marys Airport, as determined acceptable by the Secretary, under such terms and con-ditions that the Secretary considers nec-essary to protect the interests of the United States and prohibiting the future use of such property for all aviation-related purposes and any other purposes deemed by the Sec-retary to be incompatible with the oper-ations, functions, and missions of Naval Sub-marine Base, Kings Bay, Georgia. (3) The Secretary obtains an appraisal to determine the fair market value of the real property used for the St. Marys Airport in the manner described in subsection (c)(1). (4) The Administrator fulfills the obliga-tions under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) in con-nection with the release under subsection (a). In carrying out such obligations— (A) the Administrator shall not assume or consider any potential or proposed future re-development of the current St. Marys airport property; (B) any potential new regional airport in Georgia shall be deemed to be not connected with the release noted in subsection (a) nor the closure of St. Marys Airport; and (C) any environmental review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for a potential re-gional airport in Georgia shall be considered through an environmental review process separate and apart from the environmental review made a condition of release by this section. (5) The Administrator fulfills the obliga-tions under sections 47107(h) and 46319 of title 49, United States Code. (6) Any actions required under part 157 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, are car-ried out to the satisfaction of the Adminis-trator. (c) T
RANSFER OF AMOUNTS DESCRIBED .—The amounts described in this subsection are the following: (1) An amount equal to the fair market value of the real property of the St. Marys Airport, as determined by the Secretary and concurred in by the Administrator, based on an appraisal report and title documentation that— (A) is prepared or adopted by the Sec-retary, and concurred in by the Adminis-trator, not more than 180 days prior to the transfer described in subsection (b)(1); and (B) meets all requirements of Federal law and the appraisal and documentation stand-ards applicable to the acquisition and dis-posal of real property interests of the United States. (2) An amount equal to the unamortized portion of any Federal development grants (including grants available under a State block grant program established pursuant to section 47128 of title 49, United States Code), other than used for the acquisition of land, paid to the City of St. Marys for use as the St. Marys Airport. (3) An amount equal to the airport reve-nues remaining in the airport account for the St. Marys Airport as of the date of the enactment of this Act and as otherwise due to or received by the City of St. Marys after such date of enactment pursuant to sections 47107(b) and 47133 of title 49, United States Code. (d) AUTHORIZATION FOR TRANSFER OF  F
UNDS .—Using funds available to the Depart-ment of the Navy for operation and mainte-nance, the Secretary may pay the amounts described in subsection (c) to the Georgia De-partment of Transportation, conditioned as described in subsection (b)(1). (e) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— (1) S
URVEY .—The exact acreage and legal description of St. Marys Airport shall be de-termined by a survey satisfactory to the Sec-retary and concurred in by the Adminis-trator. (2) P
LANNING OF REGIONAL AIRPORT .—Any planning effort for the development of a re-gional airport in southeast Georgia shall be conducted in coordination with the Sec-retary, and shall ensure that any such re-gional airport does not interfere with the op-erations, functions, and missions of Naval Submarine Base, Kings Bay, Georgia. The de-termination of the Secretary shall be final as to whether the operations of a new regional airport in southeast Georgia would interfere with such military operations. 
SA 4383. Mr. ISAKSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 829K. COMPETITION EXCEPTIONS FOR MUL-TIPLE AWARD CONTRACTS. 
Section 2304c(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) the task or delivery order satisfies one of the exceptions in 2304(c) of this title to the requirement to use competitive proce-dures.’’. 
SA 4384. Mr. COCHRAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 40, strike line 15 and all that follows through page 42, line 17, and in-sert the following: (c) R
EPEAL OF REPORTING REQUIREMENTS  R
ELATED TO NAVAL VESSELS AND MERCHANT  M
ARINE .— 
SA 4385. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: In title X, strike subtitle G. 
SA 4386. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 709. INCLUSION OF COVERAGE OF IN VITRO FERTILIZATION TREATMENTS AS PART OF CONTINUED HEALTH BENE-FITS COVERAGE. 
The Secretary of Defense shall include cov-erage of in vitro fertilization treatments at military treatment facilities as a covered health benefit under the program of contin-ued health benefits coverage under section 1078a of title 10, United States Code, for any beneficiary under such section in the same manner in which such treatments were cov-ered for such beneficiary under chapter 55 or section 1145 of such title before the bene-ficiary became eligible for coverage under section 1078a of such title. 
SA 4387. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. PERSONNEL APPOINTMENT AUTHOR-ITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 306 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 186) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
ERSONNEL APPOINTMENT AUTHOR -
ITY.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In appointing employees to positions in the Directorate of Science and Technology, the Secretary shall have the hiring and management authorities de-scribed in section 1101 of the Strom Thur-mond National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (5 U.S.C. 3104 note; Pub-lic Law 105–261) (referred to in this sub-section as ‘section 1101’). ‘‘(2) T
ERM OF APPOINTMENTS .—The term of appointments for employees under sub-section (c)(1) of section 1101 may not exceed 5 years before the granting of any extension under subsection (c)(2) of that section. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—The authority under this subsection shall terminate on the date on which the authority to carry out the pro-gram under section 1101 terminates under section 1101(e)(1).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 307(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 187(b)) is amended by— (1) striking paragraph (6); and (2) redesignating paragraph (7) as para-graph (6). (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amendments made by this section shall be construed to limit the authority granted under paragraph (6) of section 307(b) of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.025 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3440 June 6, 2016 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 187(b)), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 4388. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. USE OF FILLMORE CANYON FOR REC-REATIONAL ACTIVITIES AND MILI-TARY TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall allow for the conduct of certain recreational activities on the ap-proximately 2,050 acres of land generally de-picted as ‘‘Parcel D’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Organ Mountains Area’’ and dated April 19, 2016 (referred to in this section as the ‘‘par-cel’’), which is a portion of the public land withdrawn and reserved for military pur-poses by Public Land Order 833 dated May 21, 1952 (17 Fed. Reg. 4822). (b) O
UTDOOR RECREATION PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-velop a plan for public outdoor recreation on the parcel that is consistent with the pri-mary military mission of the parcel. (2) R
EQUIREMENT .—In developing the plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall en-sure, to the maximum extent practicable, that outdoor recreation activities may be conducted on the parcel, including, hunting, hiking, wildlife viewing, and camping. (c) C
LOSURES .—The Secretary may close the parcel or any portion of the parcel to the public as the Secretary determines to be nec-essary to protect— (1) public safety; or (2) the safety of the military members training on the parcel. (d) T
RANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION; WITHDRAWAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On a determination by the Secretary that military training capabili-ties, personnel safety, and installation secu-rity would not be hindered as a result of the transfer to the Secretary of the Interior of administrative jurisdiction over the parcel, the Secretary shall transfer to the Secretary of the Interior administrative jurisdiction over the parcel. (2) W
ITHDRAWAL .—On transfer of the parcel under paragraph (1), the parcel shall be— (A) under the jurisdiction of the Director of the Bureau of Land Management; and (B) withdrawn from— (i) entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws; (ii) location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and (iii) operation of the mineral leasing, min-eral materials, and geothermal leasing laws. (3) R
ESERVATION .—On transfer under para-graph (1), the parcel shall be reserved for management of the resources of, and mili-tary training conducted on, the parcel in ac-cordance with a memorandum of under-standing entered into under subsection (e). (e) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING RE-
LATING TO MILITARY TRAINING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If, after the transfer of the parcel under subsection (d)(1), the Sec-retary requests that the Secretary of the In-terior enter into a memorandum of under-standing, the Secretary of the Interior shall enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Secretary providing for the conduct of military training on the parcel. (2) REQUIREMENTS .—The memorandum of understanding entered into under paragraph (1) shall— (A) address the location, frequency, and type of training activities to be conducted on the parcel; (B) provide to the Secretary access to the parcel for the conduct of military training; (C) authorize the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary to close the parcel or a por-tion of the parcel to the public as the Sec-retary of the Interior or the Secretary deter-mines to be necessary to protect— (i) public safety; or (ii) the safety of the military members training; and (D) to the maximum extent practicable, provide for the protection of natural, his-toric, and cultural resources in the area of the parcel. (f) M
ILITARY OVERFLIGHTS .—Nothing in this section restricts or precludes— (1) low-level overflights of military air-craft over the parcel, including military overflights that can be seen or heard within the parcel; (2) the designation of new units of special airspace over the parcel; or (3) the use or establishment of military flight training routes over the parcel. 
SA 4389. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 596, line 5, strike ‘‘(8) Other sys-tems’’ and insert the following: (8) Secure laser communications systems with high data rates to provide low prob-ability of interception by adversaries. (9) Other systems 
SA 4390. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. DISCONTINUATION BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS OF USE OF SOCIAL SECURITY ACCOUNT NUM-BERS TO IDENTIFY VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Labor, shall discontinue using Social Security account numbers to identify individuals in all infor-mation systems of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs as follows: (1) For all veterans submitting to the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs new claims for benefits under laws administered by the Sec-retary, not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) For all individuals not described in paragraph (1), not later than five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) EXCEPTION .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may use a Social Security account number to identify an individual in an infor-mation system of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs if and only if the use of such number is required to obtain information the Secretary requires from an information sys-tem that is not under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. 
SA 4391. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Mr. B
OOKER , and Mrs. B OXER ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. RESEARCH BY DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS ON THERAPEUTIC USES OF CANNABIS PLANT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs may, in coordination with the National Center for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, within the limits of statutory au-thorities and funding under other provisions of law, conduct clinical research on the po-tential benefits of therapeutic use of the can-nabis plant by veterans— (1) to treat serious health conditions, such as posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), chronic pain and neuropathies, sleep dis-orders, traumatic brain injury, seizures, Par-kinson’s disease, cancer, spinal cord injuries, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), and Crohn’s disease; and (2) as a treatment to achieve and maintain abstinence from opioids and heroin. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report detailing any ef-forts of the Department of Veterans Affairs to expand the conduct of research described in subsection (a). 
SA 4392. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1641. TRAINING FOR MEMBER OF THE ARMED FORCES ON CYBER SKILLS FOR THE PROTECTION OF INDUS-TRIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop and implement a program of training for members of the Armed forces on cyber skills for the protection of industrial control systems that utilizes industrial con-trol system cyber assessment expertise and training capabilities within the Department of Defense. The program of training shall in-clude applied hands on training from Depart-ment units currently performing industrial control systems assessments. Such training shall be designed to enable members receiv-ing such training to carry out activities to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.026 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3441 June 6, 2016 
protect such systems from cyber attacks of significant consequence in situations where such authority already exists. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary of De-fense shall consult with, and as appropriate leverage the expertise and capabilities of the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Energy national laboratories, and institutions of higher education and other appropriate organizations and entities in the private sector in carrying out the pro-gram. 
SA 4393. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1151 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1151. TERMINATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE POLICY ON FLAT RATE PER DIEM FOR LONG-TERM TEM-PORARY DUTY FOR CIVILIAN EM-PLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT. 
(a) T ERMINATION .—The policy of the De-partment of Defense on flat rate per diem for long-term temporary duty for civilian em-ployees of the Department (MAP/CAP 118– 13), effective as of November 1, 2014, is hereby terminated, and the rate of per diem payable for such employees for such duty after the date of the enactment of this Act shall be the rate of per diem that was payable for such employees for such duty as of October 31, 2014. (b) F
UNDING AND OFFSET .—Within the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of De-fense by section 301— (1) the amount available for Undistributed Operation and Maintenance as specified in the funding table in section 4301 is hereby in-creased by $52,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be available for payment of per diem for long-term temporary duty for civil-ian employees of the Department of Defense in connection with the termination of policy made by subsection (a); and (2) the amount available for the Defense Contract Management Agency as specified in the funding table in section 4301 is hereby re-duced by $52,000,000, with the amount of the reduction to be applied to amounts otherwise available for Administration and Servicewide Activities. 
SA 4394. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 554. HAZING IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF SYSTEM FOR REPORT -
ING AND TRACKING INCIDENTS .—The Secretary of Defense shall identify a data collection system that provides the Department of De-fense with the best mechanism for the re-porting and tracking of incidents of hazing involving members of the Armed Forces. The system so identified may be a new data col-lection system or a current data collection system (either as is or as modified). (b) SURVEYS .— (1) S
TATUS OF FORCES SURVEY .—Each an- nual Status of Forces Survey conducted by the Defense Manpower Data Center (DMDC) after fiscal year 2017 shall include questions on hazing in the Armed Forces, including questions designed to determine the fol-lowing: (A) The prevalence of hazing in the Armed Forces. (B) The effectiveness of training provided members of the Armed Forces on hazing. (C) The extent to which incidents of hazing in the Armed Forces are reported. (2) D
EVELOPMENT .—The Defense Manpower Data Center shall develop the elements of the Status of Forces Survey required pursu-ant to paragraph (1) in coordination with the Inter-Service Survey Coordinating Com-mittee (ISSCC). (c) R
EPORTS .— (1) R
EPORTS TO SECRETARY OF DEFENSE .— Not later than January 31 each year, each Secretary of a military department and the Chief of the National Guard shall submit to the Secretary of Defense a report on hazing in the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary or the National Guard, as applicable, during the preceding year. (2) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Not later than April 30 each year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a consolidated report on hazing in the Armed Forces during the preceding year. 
SA 4395. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 899C. REPORT ON DELAY IN ISSUANCE OF FINAL RULE ON ENDING TRAF-FICKING IN GOVERNMENT CON-TRACTING. 
Section 1708(c)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (22 U.S.C. 7104d(c)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C)(i) If the final rule on defining ‘recruit-ment fees’ (FAR Case 2015-017), which would further amend the amended Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation pursuant to subparagraph (A) (FAR Case 2013-001, final rule issued Jan-uary 22, 2015), has not been issued by October 31, 2016, the Secretary of Defense, the Admin-istrator for General Services, and the Ad-ministrator of National Aeronautics and Space shall, not later than November 30, 2016, jointly submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report on the rea-sons for the delay. ‘‘(ii) In this subparagraph, the term ‘appro-priate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(I) the congressional defense committees; ‘‘(II) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(III) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives.’’. 
SA 4396. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 341. MITIGATION OF RISKS POSED BY CER-TAIN FURNITURE IN MILITARY HOUSING UNITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall— (1) allow residents of military housing units to anchor furniture, televisions, and large appliances to the wall without incur-ring a penalty or obligation to repair the wall upon vacating the unit; and (2) securely anchor to the wall all provided clothing storage units covered by the Stand-ard Safety Specification for Clothing Stor-age Units (ASTM F2057–14) or any successor standard, bookcases, televisions, and large appliances in each furnished military hous-ing unit in which a child under the age of 6 resides or is a frequent visitor. (b) A
NCHORING FOR ALLUNITS.—The Sec- retary of Defense shall securely anchor all provided clothing storage units covered by the Standard Safety Specification for Cloth-ing Storage Units (ASTM F2057–14) or any successor standard, bookcases, televisions, and large appliances in each furnished mili-tary housing unit not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 4397. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR VET-ERANS HIRING PREFERENCES TO IN-CLUDE CERTAIN FORMER MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 2108(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘180 consecutive days’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘180 cumu-lative days’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘not including service under section 12103(d) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘including service’’. 
SA 4398. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and Mr. S
ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 308 strike line 16 and insert the following: complies with the requirements of this sub-section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.026 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3442 June 6, 2016 
‘‘(4) This subsection does not apply to the furnishing of athletic footwear to the mem-bers of the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, or the Marine Corps upon their initial entry into the armed forces, or prohibit the provi-sion of a cash allowance to such members for such purpose, if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of Defense determines that compliance with paragraph (2) would re-sult in a sole source contract for procure-ment of athletic footwear for the purpose stated in paragraph (1) because there would be limited qualified or approved sources of supply for such footwear; or ‘‘(B) the Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned determines, with respect to members in initial entry training under the jurisdiction of such Secretary, that pro-viding athletic footwear as otherwise re-quired by this subsection would have the po-tential to cause unnecessary harm and risk to the safety and wellbeing of members in initial entry training.’’. 
SA 4399. Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1655. UPGRADES TO THE NUCLEAR COM-MAND, CONTROL, AND COMMUNICA-TIONS SYSTEM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that upgrading the nuclear com-mand, control, and communications system is essential to maintaining a secure nuclear stockpile. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—The Secretary of Defense may use funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act and available for upgrades to the nuclear command, control, and communications system to ensure high quality cybersecurity and to expedite mod-ernization of communications that travel over leased telephone lines. 
SA 4400. Mr. M CCAIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1227. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SAFE RESET-TLEMENT OF CAMP LIBERTY RESI-DENTS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United States Government should— (1) work with the Government of Iraq and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) to ensure that all resi-dents of Camp Liberty are safely resettled in Albania; (2) urge the Government of Iraq to take prompt and appropriate steps in accordance with international agreements to promote the physical security and protection of resi-dents of Camp Liberty during the resettle-ment process, including steps to ensure that the personnel responsible for providing secu-rity at Camp Liberty are adequately vetted to determine that they are not affiliated with the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps’ Qods Force; (3) urge the Government of Iraq to ensure continued and reliable access to food, clean water, medical assistance, electricity and other energy needs, and any other equipment and supplies necessary to sustain the resi-dents during periods of attack or siege by ex-ternal forces during the resettlement proc-ess; (4) work with the Government of Iraq to make all reasonable efforts to facilitate the sale of residents’ property and assets remain-ing at Camp Ashraf and Camp Liberty for the purpose of funding their cost of living and resettlement out of Iraq; (5) work with the Government of Iraq and the UNHCR to ensure that Camp Liberty residents may exercise full control of all per-sonal assets in Camp Liberty and the former Camp Ashraf as the residents deem nec-essary; (6) assist, and maintain close and regular communication with, the UNHCR for the purpose of expediting the ongoing resettle-ment of all residents of Camp Liberty to Al-bania; (7) urge the Government of Albania, and the UNHCR to ensure the continued recogni-tion of the resettled residents as ‘‘persons of concern’’ entitled to international protec-tions according to principles and standards in the 1951 Geneva Convention relating to the Status of Refugees, and the Inter-national Bill of Human Rights; and (8) work with the Government of Albania and the UNHCR to facilitate and provide suitable locations for housing of the remain-ing Camp Liberty residents in Albania until such time as the residents become self-suffi-cient in meeting their residential needs in Albania. SA 4401. Mr. REID (for Mr. B OOKER  (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN )) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by Mr. R
EIDto the bill S. 2943, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 565. PROHIBITION ON ESTABLISHMENT, MAINTENANCE, OR SUPPORT OF SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS’ TRAIN-ING CORPS UNITS AT PUBLIC EDU-CATIONAL INSTITUTIONS THAT DIS-PLAY CONFEDERATE BATTLE FLAG. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Section 2102 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION RELATED TO DISPLAY OF  C
ONFEDERATE BATTLE FLAG.—(1) The Sec-retary of a military department may not es-tablish, maintain, or support a unit of the program at any public educational institu-tion, including any senior military college specified in section 2111a of this title, that displays, in a location other than in a mu-seum exhibit, the Confederate battle flag. ‘‘(2)(A) Upon making a determination under paragraph (1) that an educational in-stitution displays, in a location other than in a museum exhibit, the Confederate battle flag, the Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned shall terminate, in accord-ance with subparagraph (B), any unit of the program at that educational institution in existence as of the date of the determina-tion. ‘‘(B) The termination of a unit of the pro-gram at an educational institution pursuant to this paragraph shall take effect on the date on which— ‘‘(i) each member of the program who, as of the date of the determination, is enrolled in the educational institution is no longer so enrolled; and ‘‘(ii) each student who, as of the date of the determination, is enrolled in the educational institution but not yet a member of the pro-gram, is no longer so enrolled. ‘‘(3) Not later than January 31, 2017, and each January 31 thereafter through January 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report— ‘‘(A) identifying each unit of the program located at an educational institution that displays, in a location other than in a mu-seum exhibit, the Confederate battle flag; and ‘‘(B) describing the implementation of this subsection with respect to that educational institution. ‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘Confed-erate battle flag’ means the battle flag of the Army of Northern Virginia, the battle flag of the Army of Tennessee, the battle flag of Forrest’s Cavalry Corps, the Second Confed-erate Navy Jack, the Second Confederate Navy Ensign, or other flag with a like de-sign.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such title is further amended as follows: (1) In section 2102(d), striking ‘‘The Presi-dent’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (e), the President’’. (2) In section 2111a— (A) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in section 2102(e) of this title, the Secretary’’. (B) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Except in the case of a senior miliary college at which a unit of the program is terminated pursuant to sec-tion 2102(e) of this title, the Secretary’’. 
SA 4402. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. PROTECTING INDIVIDUALS FROM MASS AERIAL SURVEILLANCE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Individuals From Mass Aerial Surveillance Act of 2015’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the terms ‘‘mobile aerial-view device’’ and ‘‘MAVD’’ mean any device that through flight or aerial lift obtains a dynamic, aerial view of property, persons or their effects, in-cluding an unmanned aircraft (as defined in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note)); (2) the term ‘‘law enforcement party’’ means a person or entity authorized by law, or funded by the Government of the United States, to investigate or prosecute offenses against the United States; (3) the term ‘‘Federal entity’’ means any person or entity acting under the authority of, or funded in whole or in part by, the Gov-ernment of the United States, including a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.028 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3443 June 6, 2016 
Federal law enforcement party, but exclud-ing State, tribal, or local government agen-cies or departments; (4) the term ‘‘non-Federal entity’’ means any person or entity that is not a Federal en-tity; (5) the term ‘‘surveil’’ means to photo-graph, record, or observe using a sensing de-vice, regardless of whether the photographs, observations, or recordings are stored, and excludes using a sensing device for the pur-poses of testing or training operations of MAVDs; (6)(A) the term ‘‘sensing device’’ means a device capable of remotely acquiring per-sonal information from its surroundings using any frequency of the electromagnetic spectrum, or a sound detecting system, or a system that detects chemicals in the atmos-phere; and (B) the term ‘‘sensing device’’ does not in-clude equipment whose sole function is to provide information directly necessary for safe air navigation or operation of a MAVD; (7) the term ‘‘public lands’’ means lands owned by the Government of the United States; and (8) the term ‘‘national borders’’ refers to any region no more than 25 miles of an exter-nal land boundary of the United States. (c) P
ROHIBITED USE OF MAVDS.—A Federal entity shall not use a MAVD to surveil prop-erty, persons or their effects, or gather evi-dence or other information pertaining to known or suspected criminal conduct, or conduct that is in violation of a statute or regulation. (d) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section does not pro-hibit any of the following: (1) P
ATROL OF BORDERS .—The use of a MAVD by a Federal entity to surveil na-tional borders to prevent or deter illegal entry of any persons or illegal substances at the borders. (2) E
XIGENT CIRCUMSTANCES .— (A) The use of a MAVD by a Federal entity when exigent circumstances exist. For the purposes of this paragraph, exigent cir-cumstances exist when the Federal entity possesses reasonable suspicion that under particular circumstances, swift action is necessary— (i) to prevent imminent danger of death or serious bodily harm to a specific individual; or (ii) to counter an imminent risk of a ter-rorist attack by a specific individual or orga-nization; (iii) to prevent imminent destruction of evidence; or (iv) to counter an imminent or actual es-cape of a criminal or terrorist suspect. (B) A Federal entity using a MAVD pursu-ant to clause (i)(I) must maintain a retriev-able record of the facts giving rise to the rea-sonable suspicion that an exigent cir-cumstance existed. (3) P
UBLIC SAFETY AND RESEARCH .—The use of a MAVD by a Federal entity— (A) to discover, locate, observe, gather evi-dence in connection to, or prevent forest fires; (B) to monitor environmental, geologic, or weather-related catastrophe or damage from such an event; (C) to research or survey for wildlife man-agement, habitat preservation, or geologic, atmospheric, or environmental damage or conditions; (D) to survey for the assessment and eval-uation of environmental, geologic or weath-er-related damage, erosion, flood, or con-tamination; and (E) to survey public lands for illegal vege-tation. (4) C
ONSENT .—The use of a MAVD by a Fed-eral entity for the purpose of acquiring infor-mation about an individual, or about an indi-vidual’s property or effects, if such indi-vidual has given written consent to the use of a MAVD for such purposes. (5) WARRANT .—Law enforcement using a MAVD, pursuant to, and in accordance with, a Rule 41 warrant, to surveil specific prop-erty, persons or their effects. (e) B
AN ON IDENTIFYING INDIVIDUALS .— (1) No Federal entity actor may make any intentional effort to identify an individual from, or associate an individual with, the in-formation collected by operations authorized by paragraphs (1) through (3) of sub-section(d), nor shall the collected informa-tion be disclosed to any entity except an-other Federal entity or State, tribal, or local government agency or department, or polit-ical subdivision thereof, that agrees to be bound by the restrictions in this section. (2) The restrictions described in paragraph (1) shall not apply if there is probable cause that the information collected is evidence of specific criminal activity. (f) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF EVIDENCE .—No evidence obtained or collected in violation of this Act may be received as evidence against an individual in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in or before any court, grand jury, department, officer, agency, regulatory body, legislative committee, or other au-thority of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision thereof. (g) P
ROHIBITION ON SOLICITATION AND PUR-
CHASE .— (1) A Federal entity shall not solicit to or award contracts to any entity for such enti-ty to surveil by MAVD for the Federal enti-ty, unless the Federal entity has existing au-thority to surveil the particular property, persons or their effects, or interest. (2) A Federal entity shall not purchase any information obtained from MAVD surveil-lance by a non-Federal entity if such infor-mation contains personal information, ex-cept pursuant to the express consent of all persons whose personal information is to be sold. (h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preempt any State law regarding the use of MAVDs exclusively within the borders of that State. 
SA 4403. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. OUTDOOR RECREATION ACCESS FOR SERVICEMEMBERS AND VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-culture and the Secretary of the Interior are encouraged to work with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs on ways to ensure veterans have access to the outdoors and to outdoor programs as a part of the basic services provided to vet-erans. (b) I
NCLUSION OF INFORMATION .—Each branch of the Armed Forces is encouraged to include information about outdoor recre-ation in the materials and counseling serv-ices provided in the Transition Assistance Program, including— (1) the benefits of outdoor recreation for physical and mental health; (2) maps of parks, trails, and other recre-ation sites within 200 miles of military bases; (3) resources to access guided outdoor trips; and (4) information regarding the Public Land Corps of the National Park Service. (c) OUTDOOR RECREATION PROGRAM ATTEND -
ANCE .—Each branch of the Armed Forces is encouraged to permit members of the Armed Forces on active duty status, at the discre-tion of the commander of the member, to use not more than 7 days of a Permissive Tem-porary Duty Assignment allotted to the member to attend an outdoor recreation pro-gram following deployment. 
SA 4404. Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , and Mr. L EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1224. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON NEED FOR EXPLICIT AUTHORITY TO CONDUCT MILITARY OPERATIONS AGAINST ISIS. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that neither the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) or the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) authorize the use of military force against the Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS). (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President, unless acting out of self-defense or to address an imminent threat to the United States, is not author-ized to conduct military operations against ISIS without explicit authorization for the use of such force, and Congress should debate and pass such an authorization. 
SA 4405. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 110, strike line 17 and all that fol-lows through page 111, line 4. On page 844, strike line 8 and all that fol-lows through page 848, the matter following line 2. On page 848, strike line 15 and all that fol-lows through page 850, line 4. 
SA 4406. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 848, strike line 15 and all that fol-lows through page 850, line 4. 
SA 4407. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.029 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3444 June 6, 2016 
to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 844, strike line 8 and all that fol-lows through page 848, the matter following line 2. 
SA 4408. Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 110, strike line 17 and all that fol-lows through page 111, line 4. 
SA 4409. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X , add the following: 
SEC. 1097. INCORPORATION TRANSPARENCY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT ASSISTANCE. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Terrorist Financing and Shell Company Abuse Act’’. (b) T
RANSPARENT INCORPORATION PRAC-
TICES .— (1) T
RANSPARENT INCORPORATION PRAC -
TICES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding after section 5332 the following: ‘‘§ 5333. Transparent incorporation practices ‘‘(a) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), not later than the beginning of fiscal year 2017, the Secretary of the Treasury shall issue regulations requiring each corporation and limited liability company formed in a State that does not have a formation system described under subsection (b) to file with the Secretary such information as the cor-poration or limited liability company would be required to provide the State if such State had a formation system described under sub-section (b). ‘‘(2) D
ISCLOSURE OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP  
INFORMATION .—Beneficial ownership informa-tion reported to the Secretary of the Treas-ury pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be pro-vided by the Secretary of the Treasury upon receipt of— ‘‘(A) a civil or criminal subpoena or sum-mons from a State agency, Federal agency, or congressional committee or subcommittee requesting such information; ‘‘(B) a written request made by a Federal agency on behalf of another country under an international treaty, agreement, or con-vention, or an order under section 3512 of title 18 or section 1782 of title 28 issued in re-sponse to a request for assistance from a for-eign country; or ‘‘(C) a written request made by the Finan-cial Crimes Enforcement Network of the De-partment of the Treasury. ‘‘(3) LIMITATION .—In issuing regulations pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary may not require the corporation or limited liability company to file with the Internal Revenue Service the information described in that paragraph. ‘‘(b) F
ORMATION SYSTEM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to a State, a formation system is described under this subsection if it meets the following require-ments: ‘‘(A) I
DENTIFICATION OF BENEFICIAL OWN -
ERS.—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (4), and subject to paragraph (3), each ap-plicant seeking to form a corporation or lim-ited liability company under the laws of the State is required to provide to the State dur-ing the formation process a list of the bene-ficial owners of the corporation or limited li-ability company that— ‘‘(i) except as provided in subparagraph (F), identifies each beneficial owner by— ‘‘(I) name; ‘‘(II) current residential or business street address; and ‘‘(III) a unique identifying number from a nonexpired passport issued by the United States or a nonexpired drivers license issued by a State; and ‘‘(ii) if the applicant is not the beneficial owner, provides the identification informa-tion described in clause (i) relating to the applicant. ‘‘(B) U
PDATED INFORMATION .—For each cor-poration or limited liability company formed under the laws of the State— ‘‘(i) the corporation or limited liability company is required by the State to update the list of the beneficial owners of the cor-poration or limited liability company by providing the information described in sub-paragraph (A) to the State not later than 60 days after the date of any change in the list of beneficial owners or the information re-quired to be provided relating to each bene-ficial owner; ‘‘(ii) in the case of a corporation or limited liability company formed or acquired by a formation agent and retained by the forma-tion agent as a beneficial owner for transfer to another person, the formation agent is re-quired by the State to submit to the State an updated list of the beneficial owners and the information described in subparagraph (A) for each such beneficial owner not later than 10 days after date on which the forma-tion agent transfers the corporation or lim-ited liability company to another person; and ‘‘(iii) the corporation or limited liability company is required by the State to submit to the State an annual filing containing the list of the beneficial owners of the corpora-tion or limited liability company and the in-formation described in subparagraph (A) for each such beneficial owner. ‘‘(C) R
ETENTION OF INFORMATION .—Bene- ficial ownership information relating to each corporation or limited liability company formed under the laws of the State is re-quired to be maintained by the State until the end of the 5-year period beginning on the date that the corporation or limited liability company terminates under the laws of the State. ‘‘(D) I
NFORMATION REQUESTS .—Beneficial ownership information relating to each cor-poration or limited liability company formed under the laws of the State shall be provided by the State upon receipt of— ‘‘(i) a civil or criminal subpoena or sum-mons from a State agency, Federal agency, or congressional committee or subcommittee requesting such information; ‘‘(ii) a written request made by a Federal agency on behalf of another country under an international treaty, agreement, or con-vention, or section 1782 of title 28, United States Code; or ‘‘(iii) a written request made by the Finan-cial Crimes Enforcement Network. ‘‘(E) NO BEARER SHARE CORPORATIONS OR  
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANIES .—A corporation or limited liability company formed under the laws of the State may not issue a certifi-cate in bearer form evidencing either a whole or fractional interest in the corpora-tion or limited liability company. ‘‘(2) S
TATES THAT LICENSE FORMATION  
AGENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-graph (1), a State described in subparagraph (B) may permit an applicant to form a cor-poration or limited liability company under the laws of the State, or a corporation or limited liability company formed under the laws of the State, to provide the required in-formation to a licensed formation agent re-siding in the State, instead of to the State directly, if the application under paragraph (1)(A) or the update under paragraph (1)(B) contains— ‘‘(i) the name, current business address, contact information, and licensing number of the licensed formation agent that has agreed to maintain the information required under this subsection; and ‘‘(ii) a certification by the licensed forma-tion agent that the licensed formation agent has possession of the information required under this subsection and will maintain the information in the State licensing the li-censed formation agent in accordance with State law. ‘‘(B) S
TATES DESCRIBED .—A State described in this subparagraph is a State that main-tains a formal licensing system for forma-tion agents that requires a formation agent to register with the State, meet standards for fitness and honesty, maintain a physical office and records within the State, undergo regular monitoring, and be subject to sanc-tions for noncompliance with State require-ments. ‘‘(C) L
ICENSED FORMATION AGENT DUTIES .—A licensed formation agent that receives bene-ficial ownership information under State law in accordance with this paragraph shall— ‘‘(i) maintain the information in the State in which the corporation or limited liability company is being or has been formed in the same manner as required for States under paragraph (1)(C); ‘‘(ii) provide the information under the same circumstances as required for States under paragraph (1)(D); and ‘‘(iii) perform the duties of a formation agent under paragraph (3). ‘‘(D) T
ERMINATION OF RELATIONSHIP .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), a licensed formation agent that receives beneficial ownership information re-lating to a corporation or limited liability company under State law in accordance with this paragraph and that resigns, dissolves, or otherwise ends a relationship with the cor-poration or limited liability company shall promptly— ‘‘(I) notify the State in writing that the li-censed formation agent has resigned or ended the relationship; and ‘‘(II) transmit all beneficial ownership in-formation relating to the corporation or lim-ited liability company in the possession of the licensed formation agent to the licensing State. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—If a licensed formation agent receives written instructions from a corporation or limited liability company, the licensed formation agent may transmit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.030 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3445 June 6, 2016 
the beneficial ownership information relat-ing to the corporation or limited liability company to another licensed formation agent that is within the same State and has agreed to maintain the information in ac-cordance with this section. ‘‘(iii) N
OTICE TO STATE .—If a licensed for-mation agent provides beneficial ownership information to another licensed formation agent under clause (ii), the licensed forma-tion agent providing the information shall promptly notify in writing the State under the laws of which the corporation or limited liability company is formed of the identity of the licensed formation agent receiving the information. ‘‘(3) C
ERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS .—If an ap- plicant to form a corporation or limited li-ability company or a beneficial owner, offi-cer, director, or similar agent of a corpora-tion or limited liability company who is re-quired to provide identification information under this subsection does not have a non-expired passport issued by the United States or a nonexpired drivers license or identifica-tion card issued by a State, each application described in paragraph (1)(A) and each up-date described in paragraph (1)(B) shall in-clude a certification by a formation agent residing in the State that the formation agent— ‘‘(A) has obtained for each such person a current residential or business street address and a legible and credible copy of the pages of a nonexpired passport issued by the gov-ernment of a foreign country bearing a pho-tograph, date of birth, and unique identi-fying information for the person; ‘‘(B) has verified the name, address, and identity of each such person; ‘‘(C) will provide the information described in subparagraph (A) and the proof of verification described in subparagraph (B) upon request under the same circumstances as required for States under paragraph (1)(D); and ‘‘(D) will retain the information and proof of verification under this paragraph in the State in which the corporation or limited li-ability company is being or has been formed until the end of the 5-year period beginning on the date that the corporation or limited liability company terminates under the laws of the State. ‘‘(4) E
XEMPT ENTITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A formation system de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall require that an application for an entity described in sub-paragraph (C) or (D) of subsection (d)(2) that is proposed to be formed under the laws of a State and that will be exempt from the bene-ficial ownership disclosure requirements under this subsection shall include in the ap-plication a certification by the applicant, or a prospective officer, director, or similar agent of the entity— ‘‘(i) identifying the specific provision of subsection (d)(2) under which the entity pro-posed to be formed would be exempt from the beneficial ownership disclosure requirements under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3); ‘‘(ii) stating that the entity proposed to be formed meets the requirements for an entity described under such provision of subsection (d)(2); and ‘‘(iii) providing identification information for the applicant or prospective officer, di-rector, or similar agent making the certifi-cation in the same manner as provided under paragraph (1) or (3). ‘‘(B) E
XISTING ENTITIES .—On and after the date that is 2 years after the effective date of the amendments to the formation system of a State made to comply with this section, an entity formed under the laws of the State be-fore such effective date shall be considered to be a corporation or limited liability com-pany for purposes of, and shall be subject to the requirements of, this subsection unless an officer, director, or similar agent of the entity submits to the State a certification— ‘‘(i) identifying the specific provision of subsection (d)(2) under which the entity is exempt from the requirements under para-graphs (1), (2), and (3); ‘‘(ii) stating that the entity meets the re-quirements for an entity described under such provision of subsection (d)(2); and ‘‘(iii) providing identification information for the officer, director, or similar agent making the certification in the same manner as provided under paragraph (1) or (3). ‘‘(C) EXEMPT ENTITIES HAVING OWNERSHIP  
INTEREST .—If an entity described in subpara-graph (C) or (D) of subsection (d)(2) has or will have an ownership interest in a corpora-tion or limited liability company formed or to be formed under the laws of a State, the applicant, corporation, or limited liability company in which the entity has or will have the ownership interest shall provide the in-formation required under this subsection re-lating to the entity, except that the entity shall not be required to provide information regarding any natural person who has an ownership interest in, exercises substantial control over, or receives substantial eco-nomic benefits from the entity. ‘‘(c) P
ENALTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for— ‘‘(A) any person to affect interstate or for-eign commerce by— ‘‘(i) knowingly providing, or attempting to provide, false or fraudulent beneficial owner-ship information, including a false or fraudu-lent identifying photograph, to a State or li-censed formation agent under State law in accordance with this section; ‘‘(ii) intentionally failing to provide com-plete or updated beneficial ownership infor-mation to a State or licensed formation agent under State law in accordance with this section; or ‘‘(iii) knowingly disclosing the existence of a subpoena, summons, or other request for beneficial ownership information, except— ‘‘(I) to the extent necessary to fulfill the authorized request; or ‘‘(II) as authorized by the entity that issued the subpoena, summons, or other re-quest; or ‘‘(B) in the case of a formation agent, knowingly failing to obtain or maintain credible, legible, and updated beneficial own-ership information, including any required identifying photograph. ‘‘(2) C
IVIL AND CRIMINAL PENALTIES .—In ad- dition to any civil or criminal penalty that may be imposed by a State, any person who violates paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty of not more than $10,000; and ‘‘(B) may be fined under title 18, impris-oned for not more than 3 years, or both. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: ‘‘(1) B
ENEFICIAL OWNER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘beneficial owner’— ‘‘(i) means an natural person who, directly or indirectly— ‘‘(I) exercises substantial control over a corporation or limited liability company; or ‘‘(II) has a substantial interest in or re-ceives substantial economic benefits from the assets of a corporation or limited liabil-ity company; and ‘‘(ii) does not include— ‘‘(I) a minor child; ‘‘(II) a person acting as a nominee, inter-mediary, custodian, or agent on behalf of an-other person; or ‘‘(III) a natural person acting solely as an employee of a corporation or limited liabil-ity company and whose control over or eco-nomic benefits from the corporation or lim-ited liability company derives solely from the employment status of the natural per-son. ‘‘(B) ANTI-ABUSE RULE .—The exclusions under clause (ii) shall not apply if the person is acting as a nominee, intermediary, custo-dian or agent on behalf of another person or solely as an employee of a corporation or limited liability company, as applicable, with the intent to evade the requirements of this subsection or any regulation promul-gated under this subsection. ‘‘(2) C
ORPORATION ; LIMITED LIABILITY COM -
PANY .—The terms ‘corporation’ and ‘limited liability company’— ‘‘(A) have the meanings given such terms under the laws of the applicable State; ‘‘(B) include any non-United States entity eligible for registration or registered to do business as a corporation or limited liability company under the laws of the applicable State; ‘‘(C) do not include any entity that is, and discloses in the application by the entity to form under the laws of the State or, if the entity was formed before the date of the en-actment of this section, in a filing with the State under State law— ‘‘(i) a business concern that is an issuer of a class of securities registered under section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78l) or that is required to file reports under section 15(d) of that Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)); ‘‘(ii) a business concern constituted or sponsored by a State, a political subdivision of a State, under an interstate compact be-tween 2 or more States, by a department or agency of the United States, or under the laws of the United States; ‘‘(iii) a depository institution (as defined in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813)); ‘‘(iv) a credit union (as defined in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752)); ‘‘(v) a bank holding company (as defined in section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1841)); ‘‘(vi) a broker or dealer (as defined in sec-tion 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c)) that is registered under sec-tion 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o); ‘‘(vii) an exchange or clearing agency (as defined in section 3 of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c)) that is reg-istered under section 6 or 17A of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78f and 78q–1); ‘‘(viii) an investment company (as defined in section 3 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–3)) or an investment ad-visor (as defined in section 202 of the Invest-ment Advisors Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–2)), if the company or adviser is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or has filed an application for registration which has not been denied, under the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–1 et seq.) or the Investment Advisor Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–1 et seq.); ‘‘(ix) an insurance company (as defined in section 2 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–2)); ‘‘(x) a registered entity (as defined in sec-tion 1a of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a)), or a futures commission mer-chant, introducing broker, commodity pool operator, or commodity trading advisor (as defined in section 1a of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 1a)) that is registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission; ‘‘(xi) a public accounting firm registered in accordance with section 102 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7212); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.031 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3446 June 6, 2016 
‘‘(xii) a public utility that provides tele-communications service, electrical power, natural gas, or water and sewer services, within the United States; ‘‘(xiii) a church, charity, or nonprofit enti-ty that is described in section 501(c), 527, or 4947(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, has not been denied tax exempt status, and has filed the most recently due annual information return with the Internal Rev-enue Service, if required to file such a re-turn; ‘‘(xiv) any business concern that— ‘‘(I) employs more than 20 employees on a full-time basis in the United States; ‘‘(II) files income tax returns in the United States demonstrating more than $5,000,000 in gross receipts or sales; and ‘‘(III) has an operating presence at a phys-ical office within the United States; or ‘‘(xv) any corporation or limited liability company formed and owned by an entity de-scribed in clause (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), (vii), (viii), (ix), (x), (xi), (xii), (xiii), or (xiv); and ‘‘(D) do not include any individual business concern or class of business concerns which the Secretary of the Treasury, with the writ-ten concurrence of the Attorney General of the United States, has determined in writing should be exempt from the requirements of subsection (a), because requiring beneficial ownership information from the business concern would not serve the public interest and would not assist law enforcement efforts to detect, prevent, or punish terrorism, money laundering, tax evasion, or other mis-conduct. ‘‘(3) F
ORMATION AGENT .—The term ‘forma-tion agent’ means a person who, for com-pensation— ‘‘(A) acts on behalf of another person to as-sist in the formation of a corporation or lim-ited liability company under the laws of a State; or ‘‘(B) purchases, sells, or transfers the pub-lic records that form a corporation or lim-ited liability company.’’. (B) R
ULEMAKING .—To carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Attorney General of the United States, may issue guidance or a rule to— (i) clarify the definitions under section 5333(d) of title 31, United States Code, as added by subparagraph (A); and (ii) specify how to verify beneficial owner-ship information or other identification in-formation for purposes of section 5333, in-cluding whether the verification procedures specified in section 5333(b)(3) should apply to all applicants under section 5333(b)(1) or whether such verification process should re-quire the notarization of signatures. (C) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Title 31, United States Code, is amended— (i) in section 5321(a)— (I) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sections 5314 and 5315’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘sections 5314, 5315, and 5333’’; and (II) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘(except section 5333)’’ after ‘‘subchapter’’ each place it appears; and (ii) in section 5322, by striking ‘‘section 5315 or 5324’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘section 5315, 5324, or 5333’’. (D) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Sec. 5333. Transparent incorporation prac-tices.’’. (E) R
ESTRICTIONS ON PUBLIC ACCESS .—A State may— (i) restrict public access to all or any por-tion of the beneficial ownership information provided to the State as described under sec-tion 5332 of title 31, United States Code, as added by this Act; and (ii) by statute, regulation, order, or inter-pretation adopted or issued by the State after the date of enactment of this Act, pro-vide for public access to all or any portion of such information. (F) NO DUTY OF VERIFICATION .—This Act and the amendments made by this Act do not impose any obligation on a State to verify the name, address, or identity of a beneficial owner whose information is sub-mitted to such State under section 5333 of title 31, United States Code, as added by this Act. (2) F
UNDING AUTHORIZATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To carry out section 5333 of title 31, United States Code, as added by this Act, during the 3-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, funds shall be made available to each State to pay reasonable costs relating to compliance with the requirements of such section. (B) F
UNDING SOURCES .—To protect the United States against the misuse of United States corporations and limited liability companies with hidden owners, funds shall be provided to each State to carry out the purposes described in subparagraph (A) from one or more of the following sources: (i) Upon application by a State, and with-out further appropriation, the Secretary of the Treasury shall make available to the State unobligated balances described in sec-tion 9703(g)(4)(B) of title 31, United States Code, in the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund established under section 9703(a) of title 31, United States Code. (ii) Upon application by a State, after con-sultation with the Secretary of the Treas-ury, and without further appropriation, the Attorney General of the United States shall make available to the State excess unobli-gated balances (as defined in section 524(c)(8)(D) of title 28, United States Code) in the Department of Justice Assets Forfeiture Fund established under section 524(c) of title 28, United States Code. (C) M
AXIMUM AMOUNTS .— (i) D
EPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY .—The Secretary of the Treasury may not make available to States a total of more than $30,000,000 under subparagraph (B)(i). (ii) D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE .—The Attor-ney General of the United States may not make available to States a total of more than $10,000,000 under subparagraph (B)(ii). (D) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than the end of the 180-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney General shall, jointly, issue regulations setting forth the procedures for States to apply for funds under this paragraph, including determining which State measures should be funded to assess, plan, develop, test, or implement rel-evant policies, procedures, or system modi-fications. (3) C
OMPLIANCE REPORT .—Nothing in this subsection or the amendments made by this subsection authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to withhold from a State any fund-ing otherwise available to the State because of a failure by that State to comply with sec-tion 5333 of title 31, United States Code, as added by this Act. Not later than the end of the 42-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate a report— (A) identifying which States obtain bene-ficial ownership information as described in section 5333; (B) with respect to each State that does not obtain such information, whether cor-porations and limited liability companies formed under the laws of such State are in compliance with such section 5333 and pro-viding the specified beneficial ownership in-formation to the Secretary of the Treasury; and (C) whether the Department of the Treas-ury is in compliance with section 5333 and, if not, what steps it must take to come into compliance with this subsection. (4) FEDERAL CONTRACTORS .—Not later than the first day of the first full fiscal year be-ginning at least 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy shall revise the Federal Acquisition Regulation maintained under section 1303(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code, to require any contractor who is subject to the requirement to disclose ben-eficial ownership information under section 5333 of title 31, United States Code, as added by this Act, to provide the information re-quired to be disclosed under such section to the Federal Government as part of any bid or proposal for a contract with a value thresh-old in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold under section 134 of title 41, United States Code. (5) A
NTI-MONEY LAUNDERING OBLIGATIONS OF  
FORMATION AGENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 5312(a)(2) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (i) in subparagraph (Y), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) by redesignating subparagraph (Z) as subparagraph (AA); and (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (Y) the following: ‘‘(Z) any person who, for compensation— ‘‘(i) acts on behalf of another person to form, or assist in formation of, a corporation or limited liability company under the laws of a State; or ‘‘(ii) purchases, sells, or transfers the pub-lic records that form a corporation or lim-ited liability company; or’’. (B) D
EADLINE FOR ANTI -MONEY LAUNDERING  
RULE FOR FORMATION AGENTS .— (i) P
ROPOSED RULE .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consulta-tion with the Attorney General of the United States and the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service, shall publish a proposed rule in the Federal Register requiring per-sons described in section 5312(a)(2)(Z) of title 31, United States Code, as amended by this paragraph, to establish anti-money laun-dering programs under subsection (h) of sec-tion 5318 of that title. (ii) F
INAL RULE .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall publish the rule described in this paragraph in final form in the Federal Register. (iii) E
XCLUSIONS .—Any rule promulgated under this paragraph shall exclude from the category of persons involved in forming a corporation or limited liability company— (I) any government agency; and (II) any attorney or law firm that uses a paid formation agent operating within the United States to form the corporation or limited liability company. (c) S
TUDIES AND REPORTS .— (1) O
THER LEGAL ENTITIES .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study and submit to Congress a report— (A) identifying each State that has proce-dures that enable persons to form or register under the laws of the State partnerships, trusts, or other legal entities, and the nature of those procedures; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.031 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3447 June 6, 2016 
(B) identifying each State that requires persons seeking to form or register partner-ships, trusts, or other legal entities under the laws of the State to provide information about the beneficial owners (as that term is defined in section 5333(d)(1) of title 31, United States Code, as added by this Act) or bene-ficiaries of such entities, and the nature of the required information; (C) evaluating whether the lack of avail-able beneficial ownership information for partnerships, trusts, or other legal entities— (i) raises concerns about the involvement of such entities in terrorism, money laun-dering, tax evasion, securities fraud, or other misconduct; and (ii) has impeded investigations into enti-ties suspected of such misconduct; and (D) evaluating whether the failure of the United States to require beneficial owner-ship information for partnerships and trusts formed or registered in the United States has elicited international criticism and what steps, if any, the United States has taken or is planning to take in response. (2) E
FFECTIVENESS OF INCORPORATION PRAC -
TICES .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study and submit to the Congress a report assessing the effectiveness of incorporation practices implemented under this Act and the amendments made by this Act in— (A) providing law enforcement agencies with prompt access to reliable, useful, and complete beneficial ownership information; and (B) strengthening the capability of law en-forcement agencies to combat incorporation abuses, civil and criminal misconduct, and detect, prevent, or punish terrorism, money laundering, tax evasion, or other mis-conduct. 
SA 4410. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 565. PROGRAM PARTICIPATION AGREE-MENTS FOR PROPRIETARY INSTITU-TIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION. 
Section 487 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1094) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(24)— (A) by inserting ‘‘that receives funds pro-vided under this title’’ before ‘‘, such institu-tion’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘other than funds provided under this title, as calculated in accordance with subsection (d)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘other than Federal educational assistance, as de-fined in subsection (d)(5) and calculated in accordance with subsection (d)(1)’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘N
ON-TITLE IV’’ and inserting ‘‘N ON-FEDERAL  E
DUCATIONAL ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘that receives funds pro-vided under this title’’ before ‘‘shall’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘assistance under this title’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal edu-cational assistance’’; and (II) in clause (ii)(I), by inserting ‘‘, or on a military base if the administering Secretary for a program of Federal educational assist-ance under clause (ii), (iii), or (iv) of para-graph (5)(B) has authorized such location’’ before the semicolon; (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘pro-gram under this title’’ and inserting ‘‘pro-gram of Federal educational assistance’’; (iv) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘funds received under this title’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal educational assistance’’; and (v) in subparagraph (F)— (I) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘under this title’’ and inserting ‘‘of Federal educational assistance’’; and (II) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘under this title’’ and inserting ‘‘of Federal educational assistance’’; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) INELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a proprietary institu-tion of higher education receiving funds pro-vided under this title that fails to meet a re-quirement of subsection (a)(24) for two con-secutive institutional fiscal years shall be ineligible to participate in or receive funds under any program of Federal educational assistance for a period of not less than two institutional fiscal years. ‘‘(ii) R
EGAINING ELIGIBILITY .—To regain eli-gibility to participate in or receive funds under any program of Federal educational assistance after being ineligible pursuant to clause (i), a proprietary institution of higher education shall demonstrate compliance with all eligibility and certification require-ments for the program for a minimum of two consecutive institutional fiscal years after the institutional fiscal year in which the in-stitution became ineligible. In order to re-gain eligibility to participate in any pro-gram of Federal educational assistance under this title, such compliance shall in-clude meeting the requirements of section 498 for such 2-year period. ‘‘(iii) N
OTIFICATION OF INELIGIBILITY .—The Secretary of Education shall determine when a proprietary institution of higher education that receives funds under this title is ineli-gible under clause (i) and shall notify all other administering Secretaries of the deter-mination. ‘‘(iv) E
NFORCEMENT .—Each administering Secretary for a program of Federal edu-cational assistance shall enforce the require-ments of this subparagraph for the program concerned upon receiving notification under clause (iii) of a proprietary institution of higher education’s ineligibility.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (aa) by striking ‘‘In addition’’ and all that follows through ‘‘education fails’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in addition to such other means of en-forcing the requirements of a program of Federal educational assistance as may be available to the administering Secretary, if a proprietary institution of higher education that receives funds provided under this title fails’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘the programs authorized by this title’’ and inserting ‘‘all programs of Federal educational assistance’’; and (II) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘with respect to a program of Federal educational assist-ance under this title,’’ before ‘‘on the expira-tion date’’; (D) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘sources under this title’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal educational assistance’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
DMINISTERING SECRETARY .—The term ‘administering Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of Education, the Secretary of De-fense, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the Sec-retary of a military department responsible for administering the Federal educational assistance concerned. ‘‘(B) FEDERAL EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE .— The term ‘Federal educational assistance’ means funds provided under any of the fol-lowing provisions of law: ‘‘(i) This title. ‘‘(ii) Chapter 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, or 35 of title 38, United States Code. ‘‘(iii) Chapter 101, 105, 106A, 1606, 1607, or 1608 of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(iv) Section 1784a of title 10, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 566. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ACTIONS ON INELIGIBILITY OF CER-TAIN PROPRIETARY INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION FOR PAR-TICIPATION IN PROGRAMS OF EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 101 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2008 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2008a. Ineligibility of certain proprietary institutions of higher education for partici-pation in Department of Defense programs of educational assistance ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Upon receipt of a notice from the Secretary of Education under clause (iii) of section 487(d)(2)(A) of the High-er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1094(d)(2)(A)) that a proprietary institution of higher education is ineligible for partici-pation in or receipt of funds under any pro-gram of Federal educational assistance by reason of such section, the Secretary of De-fense shall ensure that no educational assist-ance under the provisions of law specified in subsection (b) is available or used for edu-cation at the institution for the period of in-stitutional fiscal years covered by such no-tice. ‘‘(b) C
OVERED ASSISTANCE .—The provisions of law specified in this subsection are the provisions of law on educational assistance through the Department of Defense as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) This chapter. ‘‘(2) Chapters 105, 106A, 106A, 1606, 1607, and 1608 of this title. ‘‘(3) Section 1784a of this title. ‘‘(c) N
OTICE ON INELIGIBILITY .—(1) The Sec-retary of Defense shall take appropriate ac-tions to notify persons receiving or eligible for educational assistance under the provi-sions of law specified in subsection (b) of the application of the limitations in section 487(d)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to particular proprietary institutions of higher education. ‘‘(2) The actions taken under this sub-section with respect to a proprietary institu-tion shall include publication, on the Inter-net website of the Department of Defense that provides information to persons de-scribed in paragraph (1), of the following: ‘‘(A) The name of the institution. ‘‘(B) The extent to which the institution failed to meet the requirements of section 487(a)(24) of the Higher Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(C) The length of time the institution will be ineligible for participation in or receipt of funds under any program of Federal edu-cational assistance by reason of section 487(d)(2)(A) of that Act. ‘‘(D) The nonavailability of educational as-sistance through the Department for enroll-ment, attendance, or pursuit of a program of education at the institution by reason of such ineligibility.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 101 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2008 the following new item: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.031 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3448 June 6, 2016 
‘‘2008a. Ineligibility of certain proprietary institutions of higher education for participation in Department of Defense programs of edu-cational assistance.’’. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 36 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 3681 the following new section: ‘‘§ 3681A. Ineligibility of certain proprietary institutions of higher education for partici-pation in Department of Veterans Affairs programs of educational assistance ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Upon receipt of a notice from the Secretary of Education under clause (iii) of section 487(d)(2)(A) of the High-er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1094(d)(2)(A)) that a proprietary institution of higher education is ineligible for partici-pation in or receipt of funds under any pro-gram of Federal educational assistance by reason of such section, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall ensure that no edu-cational assistance under the provisions of law specified in subsection (b) is available or used for education at the institution for the period of institutional fiscal years covered by such notice. ‘‘(b) C
OVERED ASSISTANCE .—The provisions of law specified in this subsection are the provisions of law on educational assistance through the Department under chapters 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, and 35 of this title. ‘‘(c) N
OTICE ON INELIGIBILITY .—(1) The Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall take appro-priate actions to notify persons receiving or eligible for educational assistance under the provisions of law specified in subsection (b) of the application of the limitations in sec-tion 487(d)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to particular proprietary institutions of higher education. ‘‘(2) The actions taken under this sub-section with respect to a proprietary institu-tion shall include publication, on the Inter-net website of the Department that provides information to persons described in para-graph (1), of the following: ‘‘(A) The name of the institution. ‘‘(B) The extent to which the institution failed to meet the requirements of section 487(a)(24) of the Higher Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(C) The length of time the institution will be ineligible for participation in or receipt of funds under any program of Federal edu-cational assistance by reason of section 487(d)(2)(A) of that Act. ‘‘(D) The nonavailability of educational as-sistance through the Department for enroll-ment, attendance, or pursuit of a program of education at the institution by reason of such ineligibility.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 36 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3681 the following new item: ‘‘3681A. Ineligibility of certain proprietary institutions of higher education for participation in Department of Veterans Affairs programs of educational assistance.’’. 
SA 4411. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle E of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 341. REIMBURSEMENT OF STATES FOR CER-TAIN FIRE SUPPRESSION SERVICES AS A RESULT OF FIRE CAUSED BY MILITARY TRAINING OR OTHER AC-TIONS OF THE ARMED FORCES OR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EIMBURSEMENT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of De-fense may, upon application by a State, re-imburse the State for the reasonable costs of the State for fire suppression services co-ordinated by the State as a result of a wildland fire caused by military training or other actions of units or members of the Armed Forces in Federal status or employees of the Department of Defense on a military training installation owned by the State. (2) S
ERVICES COVERED .—Services reim-bursable under this subsection shall be lim-ited to services proximately related to the fire for which reimbursement is sought under this subsection. (3) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section shall apply to Department-owned military training installations. Nothing in this sec-tion shall affect existing memoranda of un-derstanding between Department-owned military training installations and local gov-ernments. Reimbursement may not be made under this section for any services for which a claim may be made under the Federal Tort Claims Act. (b) A
PPLICATION .—Each application of a State for reimbursement for costs under sub-section (a) shall set forth an itemized re-quest of the services covered by the applica-tion, including the costs of such services. (c) F
UNDS .—Any reimbursements under subsection (a) shall be made from amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Depart-ment of Defense for operation and mainte-nance. 
SA 4412. Ms. AYOTTE (for herself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. SCORE PROGRAM. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION .—Section 20 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-section (f); and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) SCORE P
ROGRAM .—There are au-thorized to be appropriated to the Adminis-trator to carry out the SCORE program au-thorized under section 8(b)(1) such sums as are necessary for the Administrator to make grants or enter into cooperative agreements in a total amount that does not exceed $10,500,000 in each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018.’’. (b) P
ROGRAM AMENDMENTS .—Section 8 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)(B), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘a Service Corps of Re-tired Executives (SCORE)’’ and inserting ‘‘the SCORE program described in subsection (c)’’; and (2) by striking subsection (c) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(c)(1) In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘SCORE Association’ means any organization that receives a grant from the Administrator to operate the SCORE program under paragraph (2)(A); and ‘‘(B) the term ‘SCORE program’ means the SCORE program authorized under sub-section (b)(1)(B). ‘‘(2)(A) The Administrator shall provide a grant to the SCORE Association to manage the SCORE program. ‘‘(B) A volunteer participating in the SCORE program shall— ‘‘(i) based on the business experience and knowledge of the volunteer— ‘‘(I) provide personal counseling, men-toring, and coaching— ‘‘(aa) at no cost; ‘‘(bb) to individuals who own, or aspire to own, a small business concern; and ‘‘(cc) relating to the process of starting, expanding, managing, buying, and selling a small business concern; and ‘‘(II) facilitate low-cost education work-shops for individuals who own, or aspire to own, a small business concern; and ‘‘(ii) as appropriate, use tools, resources, and the expertise of other organizations to carry out the SCORE program. ‘‘(3) The Administrator, in consultation with the SCORE Association, shall ensure that the SCORE program and each chapter of the SCORE program develop and implement plans and goals to more effectively and effi-ciently provide services— ‘‘(A) to individuals in— ‘‘(i) rural areas; ‘‘(ii) economically disadvantaged com-munities; and ‘‘(iii) other traditionally underserved communities; and ‘‘(B) that include plans for— ‘‘(i) electronic initiatives; ‘‘(ii) web-based initiatives; ‘‘(iii) chapter expansion; ‘‘(iv) partnerships; and ‘‘(v) the development of new skills by volunteers participating in the SCORE pro-gram. ‘‘(4) The SCORE Association shall submit to the Administrator an annual report that contains— ‘‘(A) the number of individuals counseled or trained under the SCORE program; ‘‘(B) the number of hours of counseling provided under the SCORE program; and ‘‘(C) to the extent possible— ‘‘(i) the number of small business con-cerns formed with assistance from the SCORE program; ‘‘(ii) the number of small business con-cerns expanded with assistance from the SCORE program; and ‘‘(iii) the number of jobs created with as-sistance from the SCORE program. ‘‘(5)(A) Neither the Administrator nor the SCORE Association may disclose the name, address, or telephone number of any individual or small business concern receiv-ing assistance from the SCORE Association without the consent of the individual or small business concern, unless— ‘‘(i) the Administrator is ordered to make such a disclosure by a court in any civil or criminal enforcement action initi-ated by a Federal or State agency; or ‘‘(ii) the Administrator determines that such a disclosure is necessary to conduct a financial audit of the SCORE program, in which case disclosure shall be limited to the information necessary for the audit. ‘‘(B) This paragraph shall not— ‘‘(i) restrict the access of the Adminis-trator to program activity data; or ‘‘(ii) prevent the Administrator from using client information to conduct client surveys. ‘‘(C)(i) The Administrator shall, after the opportunity for notice and comment, estab-lish standards for— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.032 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3449 June 6, 2016 
‘‘(I) disclosures with respect to financial audits under subparagraph (A)(ii); and ‘‘(II) conducting client surveys, including standards for oversight of the surveys and for dissemination and use of client informa-tion. ‘‘(ii) The standards issued under this sub-paragraph shall, to the extent practicable, provide for the maximum amount of privacy protection.’’. 
SA 4413. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle J—Preventing Dirty Bomb Terrorism 
SEC. 1097. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Pre-venting Dirty Bomb Terrorism Act of 2016’’. 
SEC. 1098. STRATEGY FOR SECURING HIGH AC-TIVITY RADIOLOGICAL SOURCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator for Nuclear Security shall— (1) not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, in coordination with the Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the Secretary of Homeland Security, develop a strategy to enhance the security of all risk-significant radiological materials; and (2) not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report describing the strategy required by para-graph (1). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a)(2) shall include the following: (1) A description of activities of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration, on-going as of the date of the enactment of this Act— (A) to secure risk-significant radiological materials; and (B) to secure radiological materials and prevent the illicit trafficking of such mate-rials as part of the Global Nuclear Detection Architecture. (2) A list of any gaps in the legal authority of United States Government agencies need-ed to secure all risk-significant radiological materials. (3) An estimate of the cost of securing all risk-significant radiological materials. (4) A list, in the classified annex author-ized by subsection (c), of all locations where risk-significant radiological material is kept under conditions that fail to meet the en-hanced physical security standards promul-gated by the Office of Global Material Secu-rity of the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration. (c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form and shall include a classified annex. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources, the Committee on Environment and Public Works, and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. (2) RISK-SIGNIFICANT RADIOLOGICAL MATE -
RIAL.—The term ‘‘risk-significant radio-logical material’’ means category 1 and cat-egory 2 radioactive materials, as determined by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, lo-cated within the United States. (3) S
ECURE .—The terms ‘‘secure’’ and ‘‘se-curity’’, with respect to risk-significant radi-ological materials, refer to all activities to prevent terrorists from acquiring such sources, including enhanced physical secu-rity and tracking measures, removal and dis-posal of such sources that are not used, re-placement of such sources with nonradio-logical technologies where feasible, and de-tection of illicit trafficking of such sources. 
SEC. 1099. PREVENTING TERRORIST ACCESS TO DOMESTIC RADIOLOGICAL SOURCES. 
(a) C OMMERCIAL LICENSES .—Section 103 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2133) is amended— (1) in subsection d., in the third sentence, by inserting ‘‘under a circumstance de-scribed in subsection g., or’’ after ‘‘within the United States’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘g. In addition to the limitations described in subsection d. and the limitations provided at the discretion of the Commission, the Commission shall not grant a license for risk-significant radiological material to any person that is— ‘‘(1) listed in the terrorist screening data-base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or ‘‘(2) convicted of any offense under any Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— ‘‘(A) engaging in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; ‘‘(B) providing material support or re-sources for terrorism; or ‘‘(C) the making of a terrorist threat or terroristic threat. ‘‘h. The Commission shall suspend any li-cense granted under this section if the Com-mission discovers that the licensee is pro-viding unescorted access to any employee who is— ‘‘(1) listed in the terrorist screening data-base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or ‘‘(2) convicted of any offense under any Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— ‘‘(A) engaging in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; ‘‘(B) providing material support or re-sources for terrorism; or ‘‘(C) the making of a terrorist threat or terroristic threat. ‘‘i. The Commission may lift the suspen-sion of a license made pursuant to subsection h. if— ‘‘(1) the licensee has revoked unescorted access privileges to the employee; ‘‘(2) the licensee has alerted the appro-priate Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment offices of the provision and revocation of unescorted access to the employee; and ‘‘(3) the Commission has conducted a re-view of the security of the licensee and de-termined that reinstatement of the licensee would not be inimical to the national secu-rity interests of the United States. ‘‘j. Any suspension enacted by the Commis-sion in subsection h. shall only take effect 48 hours after the licensee receives notification from the Commission of an employee that meets the criteria listed in subsection h.’’. (b) M
EDICAL THERAPY AND RESEARCH AND  D
EVELOPMENT .—Section 104 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2134) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection d., in the third sentence, by inserting ‘‘under a circumstance de-scribed in subsection e., or’’ after ‘‘within the United States’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘e. In addition to the limitations described in subsection d. and the limitations provided at the discretion of the Commission, the Commission shall not grant a license to any individual who is— ‘‘(1) listed in the terrorist screening data-base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or ‘‘(2) convicted of any offense under any Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— ‘‘(A) engaging in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; ‘‘(B) providing material support or re-sources for terrorism; or ‘‘(C) the making of a terrorist threat or terroristic threat. ‘‘f. The Commission shall suspend any li-cense granted under this section if the Com-mission discovers that the licensee is pro-viding unescorted access to any employee who is— ‘‘(1) listed in the terrorist screening data-base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or ‘‘(2) convicted of any offense under any Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— ‘‘(A) engaging in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; ‘‘(B) providing material support or re-sources for terrorism; or ‘‘(C) the making of a terrorist threat or terroristic threat. ‘‘g. The Commission may lift the suspen-sion of a license made pursuant to subsection f. if— ‘‘(1) the licensee has revoked unescorted access privileges to the employee; ‘‘(2) the licensee has alerted the appro-priate Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment offices of the provision and revocation of unescorted access to the employee; and ‘‘(3) the Commission has conducted a re-view of the security of the licensee and de-termined that reinstatement of the licensee would not be inimical to the national secu-rity interests of the United States. ‘‘h. Any suspension enacted by the Com-mission in subsection f. shall only take ef-fect 48 hours after the licensee receives noti-fication from the Commission of an em-ployee that meets the criteria listed in sub-section f.’’. (c) COOPERATION WITHSTATES .—Section 274 b. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2021(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (3) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; (2) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘b. Ex-cept as’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘b. A
UTHORIZATION TO ENTER INTOAGREE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), except as’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall not enter into an agreement with the Gov-ernor of a State under paragraph (1) unless the Governor agrees that the State— ‘‘(i) shall not grant a license to any indi-vidual who is— ‘‘(I) listed in the terrorist screening data-base maintained by the Federal Government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.032 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3450 June 6, 2016 
Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or ‘‘(II) convicted of any offense under any Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— ‘‘(aa) engaging in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; ‘‘(bb) providing material support or re-sources for terrorism; or ‘‘(cc) the making of a terrorist threat or terroristic threat; and ‘‘(ii) shall suspend the license of a licensee if the Commission or the State discovers that the licensee is providing unescorted ac-cess to any employee who is— ‘‘(I) listed in the terrorist screening data-base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or ‘‘(II) convicted of any offense under any Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— ‘‘(aa) engaging in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; ‘‘(bb) providing material support or re-sources for terrorism; or ‘‘(cc) the making of a terrorist threat or terroristic threat. ‘‘(B) E
XISTING AGREEMENTS .—With respect to a State with an agreement in effect as of the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Commission shall terminate the agreement pursuant to subsection j. unless the Gov-ernor of the State agrees that the State shall not grant a license to any individual who is— ‘‘(i) listed in the terrorist screening data-base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or ‘‘(ii) convicted of any offense under any Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— ‘‘(I) engaging in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; ‘‘(II) providing material support or re-sources for terrorism; or ‘‘(III) the making of a terrorist threat or terroristic threat. ‘‘(C) S
USPENSION OF EXISTING AGREE -
MENTS .—With respect to a State with an agreement in effect as of the date of enact-ment of this paragraph, the Governor of the State shall suspend immediately any license granted by the State if the Commission or the State discovers that the licensee is pro-viding unescorted access to any employee who is— ‘‘(i) listed in the terrorist screening data-base maintained by the Federal Government Terrorist Screening Center of the Federal Bureau of Investigation; or ‘‘(ii) convicted of any offense under any Federal, State, or local law or ordinance, an element of which is— ‘‘(I) engaging in conduct constituting, in preparation of, in aid of, or related to ter-rorism; ‘‘(II) providing material support or re-sources for terrorism; or ‘‘(III) the making of a terrorist threat or terroristic threat. ‘‘(D) L
IFTING OF SUSPENSION .—The Gov-ernor of the State may lift the suspension of a license made pursuant to subparagraph (A)(ii) or subparagraph (C) if— ‘‘(i) the licensee has revoked unescorted access privileges to the employee; ‘‘(ii) the licensee has alerted the appro-priate Federal, State, and local law enforce-ment offices of the provision and revocation of unescorted access to the employee; and ‘‘(iii) the Commission has conducted a re-view of the security of the licensee and de-termined that reinstatement of the licensee would not be inimical to the national secu-rity interests of the United States. ‘‘(E) TERMINATION .—If the Governor of a State does not suspend a license under sub-paragraph (A)(ii) or subparagraph (C), the Commission shall suspend the agreement with the Governor of the State until the Governor of the State suspends the license.’’. 
SEC. 1099A. OUTREACH TO STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES ON RADIOLOGICAL THREATS. 
Section 201(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(26)(A) Not later than every 2 years, the Secretary shall submit a written certifi-cation to Congress that field staff of the De-partment have briefed State and local law enforcement representatives about radio-logical security threats. ‘‘(B) A briefing conducted under subpara-graph (A) shall include information on— ‘‘(i) the presence and current security sta-tus of all risk-significant radiological mate-rials housed within the jurisdiction of the law enforcement agency being briefed; ‘‘(ii) the threat that risk-significant radio-logical materials could pose to their commu-nities and to the national security of the United States if these sources were lost, sto-len or subject to sabotage by criminal or ter-rorist actors; and ‘‘(iii) guidelines and best pest practices for mitigating the impact of emergencies involv-ing risk-significant radiological materials. ‘‘(C) The National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration, the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, and Federal law enforcement agen-cies shall provide information to the Depart-ment in order for the Department to submit the written certification described in sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(D) A written certification described in subparagraph (A) shall include a report on the activity of the field staff of the Depart-ment to brief State and local law enforce-ment representatives, including, as provided to field staff of the Department by State and local law enforcement agencies— ‘‘(i) an aggregation of incidents regarding radiological material; and ‘‘(ii) information on current activities un-dertaken to address the vulnerabilities of these risk-significant radiological materials. ‘‘(E) In this paragraph, the term ‘risk-sig-nificant radiological material’ means cat-egory 1 and category 2 radioactive materials, as determined by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, located within the United States.’’. 
SA 4414. Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IX, add the following: Subtitle F—National Commission on Defense Reform 
SEC. 981. NATIONAL COMMISSION ON DEFENSE REFORM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the executive branch an independent com-mission to be known as the National Com-mission on Defense Reform (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). The Com-mission shall be considered an independent establishment of the Federal Government as defined by section 104 of title 5, United States Code, and a temporary organization under section 3161 of such title. (b) MEMBERSHIP .— (1) C
OMPOSITION .—The Commission shall be composed of 9 members, of whom— (A) one shall be appointed by the Presi-dent; (B) two shall be appointed by the Majority Leader of the Senate, in consultation with the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (C) two shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the Senate, in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (D) two shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, in consulta-tion with the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives; and (E) two shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (2) A
PPOINTMENT DATE .—The appointments of the members of the Commission shall be made not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act (which deadline shall be referred to in this subtitle as the ‘‘Commission establishment date’’). (3) E
FFECT OF LACK OF APPOINTMENT BY AP -
POINTMENT DATE .—If an appointment or ap-pointments under a subparagraph of para-graph (1) is not made by the appointment date specified in paragraph (2), the authority to make an appointment or appointments under such subparagraph shall expire, and the number of members of the Commission shall be reduced by the number equal to the number otherwise appointable under such subparagraph. (4) E
XPERTISE .—In making appointments under this subsection, consideration should be given to individuals with expertise in na-tional and international security policy and strategy, military forces capability, force structure design and employment, and im-proving the effectiveness of large organiza-tions. (c) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— Members shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. Any vacancy in the Com-mission shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (d) C
HAIR AND VICECHAIR.—The Commis-sion shall select a Chair and Vice Chair from among its members. (e) S
TATUS AS FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .—Not- withstanding section 2105 of title 5, United States Code, including the supervision re-quired under subsection (a)(3) of such sec-tion, the members of the Commission shall be deemed to be Federal employees. (f) I
NITIAL MEETING .—The Commission shall hold its first meeting not later than 30 days after the Commission establishment date. (g) M
EETINGS .—The Commission shall meet at the call of the Chair. (h) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number of members may hold hearings. 
SEC. 982. PURPOSE AND SCOPE OF THE COMMIS-SION. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of the Commis-sion is to undertake a comprehensive review of the organization and operations of the De-partment of Defense, in order to make rec-ommendations for reform. (b) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—In undertaking the review required by subsection (a), the Com-mission shall give consideration to the fol-lowing: (1) The structure and organization of the Department of Defense, including the Office 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3451 June 6, 2016 
of the Secretary of Defense, the Office of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Joint Staff, and the headquarters of the Armed Forces. (2) The responsibilities and authorities of the geographic and functional combatant commands. (3) The organization, responsibilities, and interaction of the combatant commands, subordinate commands, and Joint Task Forces with the Joint Staff and the Office of the Secretary of Defense, including overlap in such matters. (4) The responsibilities and authorities of the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. (5) The development and structure of the defense budget. (6) The development and promulgation of the Unified Command Plan, military strat-egy and contingency planning. (7) The professional education and develop-ment of military and civilian defense lead-ers. (8) Cost-management and business prac-tices. (9) Interaction between the Department and industry. (10) Interaction, including planning and co-ordination authorities, between the Depart-ment of Defense and other departments and agencies of the Federal Government with eq-uities in national security. (11) Reforms and reorganizations under-taken by the Secretary of Defense, including those directed by this Act. (c) P
RINCIPLES .—The recommendations of the Commission shall sustain and strengthen the following enduring principles: (1) Preservation of civilian control of the military. (2) Maximization of the effectiveness of military operations. (3) Availability of appropriate numbers of members of the Armed Forces for required operations. (4) Efficient and effective management of the defense establishment. (5) Maintenance of the all-volunteer joint force. (6) Innovation and accountability in de-fense acquisition. (7) Maintenance of the focus of the activi-ties of the Department on support of the warfighter. (8) Adequacy and sufficiency in the devel-opment of defense policy, strategy, and plans. 
SEC. 983. DUTIES OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) S ECRETARY OF DEFENSE RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .— (1) D
EADLINE .—Not later than six months after the Commission establishment date, the Secretary of Defense shall transmit to the Commission the recommendations of the Secretary for reform of the organization and operations of the Department of Defense. The Secretary shall concurrently transmit the recommendations to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. (2) J
USTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall in-clude with the recommendations under para-graph (1) the justification of the Secretary for each recommendation. (3) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION .—The Secretary shall make available to the Com-mission and to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives the information used by the Secretary to prepare the recommendations of the Secretary under paragraph (1). (b) I
NDEPENDENT EFFICIENCY REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall work with an appropriate entity outside the Department of Defense to conduct a review of the current structure, organization, and operations of the Department and to make recommendations to reduce fragmentation, overlap, or duplication in such structure, or-ganization, and operations. (2) ENTITY TO PERFORM REVIEW .—The entity performing the review under paragraph (1) shall have— (A) a depth of experience in management best practices in the private sector; and (B) familiarity with the unique require-ments of the defense enterprise. (3) P
URPOSE AND SCOPE .—The review under paragraph (1) shall address the following: (A) Areas of fragmentation, overlap, or du-plication in the structure, organization, and operations of the Department. (B) Opportunities for integrating, stream-lining, or otherwise enhancing the efficiency of the structure, organization, and oper-ations of the Department. (C) Private sector best practices that could be implemented by the Department to im-prove efficiency and reduce costs within the Department. (4) P
RINCIPLES .—Any recommendations de-veloped pursuant to the review under para-graph (1) shall adhere to the principles speci-fied in section 982(c). (5) R
EPORT .—The entity under paragraph (1) shall submit to the Commission and the congressional defense committees a report on the review under paragraph (1) not later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (c) I
NTERIM REPORTS .—The Commission may submit to the President and Congress interim reports containing such findings, conclusions, and recommendations as have been agreed to be a majority of Commission members. Such interim reports may include alternate or dissenting views from Commis-sion members. (d) F
INAL REPORT .—Within one year of the date of the first meeting of the Commission, the Commission shall submit to the Presi-dent and Congress a final report containing a detailed statement of such findings, conclu-sions, and recommendations for legislative and administrative actions as have been agreed to by a majority of the Commission members. The final report may include alter-nate or dissenting views from Commission members. 
SEC. 984. POWERS OF THE COMMISSION AND RE-LATED ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS. 
(a) P OWERS .— (1) H
EARINGS .—The Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers advisable to carry out its duties under this subtitle. (2) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— The Commission may secure directly from any Federal department or agency such in-formation as the Commission considers nec-essary to carry out its duties. Upon request of the Chair of the Commission, the head of such department or agency shall furnish such information to the Commission. (3) P
OSTAL SERVICES .—The Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other departments and agencies of the Fed-eral Government. (b) S
PACE FOR USE OF COMMISSION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, identify and make available suitable excess space within the Federal space inventory to house the oper-ations of the Commission. If the Adminis-trator is not able to make such suitable ex-cess space available within such 90-day pe-riod, the Commission may lease space to the extent the funds are available. (c) C
ONTRACTING AUTHORITY .—The Commis-sion may acquire administrative supplies and equipment for Commission use to the ex-tent funds are available. SEC. 985. COMMISSION PERSONNEL MATTERS. 
(a) C OMPENSATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each member, other than the Chair, of the Commission shall be paid at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay payable for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the actual perform-ance of duties of the Commission. All mem-bers of the Commission who are officers or employees of the United States shall serve without compensation in addition to that re-ceived for their services as officers or em-ployees of the United States. (2) C
HAIR.—The Chair of the Commission shall be paid at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay payable for Level III of the Executive Sched-ule under section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the actual performance of duties of the Com-mission. (b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The members of the Commission shall be allowed travel ex-penses, including per diem in lieu of subsist-ence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commis-sion. (c) S
TAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chair of the Commis-sion may, without regard to the civil service laws and regulations, appoint and terminate an executive director and such additional personnel as may be necessary to enable the Commission to perform its duties. The em-ployment of an executive director shall be subject to confirmation by the Commission. (2) C
OMPENSATION .—The Chair of the Com-mission may fix the compensation of the ex-ecutive director and other personnel without regard to chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, re-lating to classification of positions and Gen-eral Schedule pay rates, except that the rate of pay for the executive director and other personnel may not exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title. (d) D
ETAIL OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEE .— Any Federal Government employee may be detailed to the Commission without reim-bursement, and such detail shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status or privilege. (e) P
ROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND  I
NTERMITTENT SERVICES .—The Chair of the Commission may procure for the Commis-sion temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, at rates for individuals which do not exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title. 
SEC. 986. TERMINATION OF THE COMMISSION. 
The Commission shall terminate 90 days after the date on which the Commission sub-mits its final report under section 983(d). 
SEC. 987. FUNDING. 
Amounts for the activities of the Commis-sion under this subtitle shall be derived from amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017 for the Department of De-fense by section 301 and available for oper-ation and maintenance, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4301. 
SA 4415. Mr. KAINE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3452 June 6, 2016 
him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1114. AUTHORITY FOR NONCOMPETITIVE HIRING FOR CAREER OR TERM POSI-TIONS IN THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE OF SPOUSES OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES RELOCATING DUE TO A PERMANENT OR TEM-PORARY CHANGE OF DUTY STATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense or the head of any other department, agency, or element of the Department of Defense may appoint on a noncompetitive basis to a career or term position in the Department of Defense or such department, agency, or ele-ment, as applicable, any current spouse of a member of the Armed Forces who is relo-cating with the member in connection with the member’s permanent or temporary change of duty station and is appropriately qualified for such position. (b) W
AIVER OF APPLICABLE LAW.—In mak- ing an appointment pursuant to subsection (a), the official making such appointment may waive any provision of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, otherwise appli-cable to such appointment in order to make such appointment on a noncompetitive basis. (c) A
CQUISITION OF COMPETITIVE STATUS .—A person appointed pursuant to subsection (a) acquires competitive status automatically upon completion of probation. 
SA 4416. Mr. KAINE (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 899C. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON USE OF SOLE SOURCE CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2017, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review and submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on the use by the Department of Defense of sole source contracts. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) An assessment of the extent to which the Department of Defense used the various source selection approaches in fiscal year 2015 in comparison to what the Government Accountability Office found in its 2014 re-port. (2) A description of the factors considered by Department of Defense personnel when determining which source selection approach to use. (3) An assessment of the extent to which these approaches resulted in effective com-petition. (4) A description of whether the resulting contract awards were protested and the re-sults of those protests. (5) An analysis of whether the use of a par-ticular source selection approach contrib-uted to successful acquisition outcomes, such as the delivery of timely, high quality, and cost-effective goods and services that met the warfighter’s needs or contributed to cost overruns, schedule delays, performance shortfalls, or the need to award follow-on contracts to address these shortfalls. (6) Any recommendations to improve the Department’s source selection procedures. SA 4417. Mr. KAINE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1277. PILOT PROGRAM ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DE-VELOPMENT COOPERATION TO COUNTER VIOLENT EXTREMISM. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—The Secretary of De-fense and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment may jointly carry out in accordance with this section a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of coopera-tion between the Department of Defense and the United States Agency for International Development in projects to prevent support for violent extremism. (b) C
OOPERATION THROUGH SUPPORT OF  P
ROJECTS .—In carrying out the pilot pro-gram, the Secretary is authorized to provide support for projects of the United States Agency for International Development to prevent support for violent extremism. (c) F
UNDS .—Any support under the pilot program in a fiscal year shall be provided using amounts available for such fiscal year for the Department of Defense for security cooperation programs and activities of the Department of Defense, and shall be subject to the authorities and limitations governing the activities of the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment. (d) R
EQUEST AND CONCURRENCE REQUIRED .— Any support under the pilot program may be provided only at the request of the com-mander of a combatant command and with the concurrence of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. (e) J
OINT DETERMINATION REQUIRED .—Sup- port may be provided under the pilot pro-gram for a project of the United States Agency for International Development only if the Secretary and the Administrator joint-ly determine that the project— (1) is in support of, or necessary to the ef-fectiveness of, one or more programs con-ducted by the Department of Defense; and (2) cannot be carried out by the Depart-ment. (f) L
IMITATION .—The amount of support provided by the Secretary under the pilot program in any fiscal year may not exceed $10,000,000. (g) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 15 days before providing support for a project under the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a notice detailing the project to be sup-ported. (h) S
UNSET .—The authority to provide sup-port under the pilot program shall expire on September 30, 2018. The expiration of the au-thority on that date shall not affect the availability of funds made available to the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development under the au-thority before that date. SA 4418. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 147. SUPPORT FOR E–8C JSTARS FLEET. 
The Secretary of Defense shall continue to fully fund all necessary aircraft repairs and modifications and to maintain the existing E–8C JSTARS fleet in a common mission equipment configuration and deployable state, including with respect to supply parts, operational aircrew, maintenance, and com-bat training instructors to ensure that the fleet can continue worldwide operational missions, avoid degradation of mission per-formance, and meet combatant commander requirements for operations until the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System (JSTARS) Recapitalization Program achieves Full Operational Capability (FOC). 
SA 4419. Mr. WICKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 147. ACQUISITION STRATEGY FOR AIR FORCE HELICOPTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on an acquisition strategy for replacement of the Air Force UH–1N helicopter program. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of the Air Force rotorcraft requirements, and the extent to which pro-gram requirements differ among Air Force Global Strike Command, Air Force District of Washington, and other Major Command airlift missions; (2) a life-cycle cost analysis of alter-natives, including mixed-fleet versus single- fleet acquisition program solutions to meet all Air Force requirements; and (3) consideration of the trade-offs between the capability and affordability of commer-cial derivative aircraft versus military pur-pose designed aircraft. 
SA 4420. Mr. CORKER (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.034 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3453 June 6, 2016 
On page 587, line 21, insert before the pe-riod the following: ‘‘, and shall provide cop-ies of such report to the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-mittee of Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’. On page 1009, between lines 12 and 13, insert the following: (c) S
UBMITTAL OF REPORTS .—Section 1201(b)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2012, as so amended, is further amended by inserting ‘‘and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’ after ‘‘con-gressional defense committees’’. On page 1011, line 11, strike ‘‘relevant Chief of Mission’’ and insert ‘‘Secretary of State’’. On page 1011, beginning on line 13, strike ‘‘, irregular forces, groups, or individuals’’. On page 1012, beginning on line 2, insert after ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ the following: ‘‘and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’. On page 1012, line 16, insert after ‘‘congres-sional defense committees’’ the following: ‘‘and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’. On page 1013, line 12, insert after ‘‘congres-sional defense committees’’ the following: ‘‘and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’. On page 1015, strike lines 5 through 7. On page 1015, line 8, strike ‘‘(2)’’ and insert ‘‘(1)’’. On page 1015, strike lines 12 through 19. On page 1015, line 20, strike ‘‘(5)’’ and insert ‘‘(2)’’. On page 1024, beginning on line 13, insert after ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ the following: ‘‘and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’. On page 1025, line 6, insert after ‘‘congres-sional defense committees’’ the following: ‘‘and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’. On page 1026, beginning on line 2, insert after ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ the following: ‘‘and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’. On page 1026, line 19, insert after ‘‘congres-sional defense committees’’ the following: ‘‘and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’. On page 1027, beginning on line 12, insert after ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ the following: ‘‘and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’. On page 1032, between lines 5 and 6, insert the following: (c) S
ECRETARY OF STATE CONCURRENCE .— Subsection (a) of such section is further amended by striking ‘‘in coordination with the Secretary of State’’ and inserting ‘‘with the concurrence of the Secretary of State’’. On page 1032, strike lines 9 through 13 and insert the following: (a) I
NGENERAL .—Section 1236(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–12 291; 128 Stat. 3559) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘in coordination with the Secretary of State’’ and inserting ‘‘with the concurrence of the Secretary of State’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. On page 1034, strike lines 19 through 23 and insert the following: (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Of the amounts’’ and all that follows through ‘‘in coordination with the Secretary of State’’ and inserting ‘‘Amounts available for a fiscal year under subsection (f) shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State’’. On page 1040, between lines 16 and 17, insert the following: (g) SUBMITTAL OF REPORTS ON MILITARY AS-
SISTANCE TO UKRAINE .—Section 1275(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 is amended by inserting after ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘and the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives’’. On page 1041, between lines 12 and 13, insert the following: (c) S
ECRETARY OF STATE CONCURRENCE .— Subsection (a) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘, with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of State,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary of De-fense’’. (d) S
UBMITTAL OF REPORT .—Subsection (c)(2) of such section is inserting after ‘‘con-gressional defense committees’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘and the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives’’. (e) B
RIEFING TO CONGRESS .—Subsection (e) of such section is amended by inserting after ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘and the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives’’. On page 1045, beginning on line 8, strike ‘‘shall present to the congressional defense committees’’ and insert ‘‘shall, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, present to the congressional defense committees and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives’’. Strike section 1235. On page 1048, beginning on line 16, strike ‘‘the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives’’ and insert ‘‘the Committees on Armed Serv-ices and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Armed Services and For-eign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives’’. On page 1051, strike lines 6 through 10. On page 1051, line 11, strike ‘‘(5)’’ and insert ‘‘(4)’’. On page 1051, line 15, strike ‘‘(6)’’ and insert ‘‘(5)’’. Strike section 1244. Strike section 1245. On page 1055, after line 25, add the fol-lowing: (1) United States security sector assistance is a tool to facilitate the achievement of United States foreign policy objectives; On page 1056, line 1, strike ‘‘(1)’’ and insert ‘‘(2)’’. On page 1056, line 6, strike ‘‘(2)’’ and insert ‘‘(3)’’. On page 1056, line 12, strike ‘‘(3)’’ and insert ‘‘(4)’’. On page 1057, line 4, strike ‘‘(4)’’ and insert ‘‘(5)’’. On page 1057, line 8, strike ‘‘(5)’’ and insert ‘‘(6)’’. On page 1057, beginning on line 10, strike ‘‘, and conducts critical security cooperation programs of its own’’. On page 1057, line 12, strike ‘‘(6)’’ and insert ‘‘(7)’’. On page 1057, line 19, strike ‘‘(7)’’ and insert ‘‘(8)’’. On page 1058, line 1, strike ‘‘(8)’’ and insert ‘‘(9)’’. On page 1060, strike lines 1 through 13 and insert the following: ‘‘(2) The term ‘‘defense article’’ has the meaning given that term in section 47(3) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2794(3)). ‘‘(3) The term ‘‘defense service’’ has the meaning given that term 47(4) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2794(4)). On page 1061, line 5, insert after ‘‘any’’ the following: ‘‘security sector assistance’’. On page 1061, between lines 8 and 9, insert the following: ‘‘(A) To complement the strategic long- term security assistance and cooperation programs of the Department of State. On page 1061, line 9, strike ‘‘(A)’’ and insert ‘‘(B)’’. On page 1061, line 11, strike ‘‘(B)’’ and in-sert ‘‘(C)’’. On page 1061, line 14, strike ‘‘(C)’’ and in-sert ‘‘(D)’’. On page 1061, strike line 20 and all that fol-lows through page 1062, line 2, and insert the following: ‘‘(7) The term ‘‘training’’ has the meaning given that term in section 47(5) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2974(5)). On page 1062, between lines 2 and 3, insert the following: ‘‘(8) The term ‘‘friendly foreign country’’ means any country identified annually by the President, by not later than October 1 of a fiscal year, in a submission to the appro-priate committees of Congress, as a friendly foreign country that is eligible to receive United States security assistance under this chapter in that fiscal year. On page 1064, beginning on line 11, strike ‘‘(d) S
UPERSEDING AUTHORITY TOTRAIN AND  E
QUIP FOREIGN SECURITY FORCES .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘A
UTHORITY .—’’ on line 19. ødon’t understand the purposes of this amendment. the amendatory instruction sought to be stricken is necessary to insert the material that begins on page 1064, line 17, into new chap-ter 16¿ On page 1065, line 20, insert before the pe-riod the following: ‘‘, including with regard to identification of the particular recipient country, recipient organization, and content of the assistance provided’’. On page 1065, after line 25, add the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) J
OINT FORMULATION .—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly formulate any program authorized by subsection (a). On page 1070, between lines 13 and 24, insert the following: ‘‘(h) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au- thority of the Secretary of Defense under subsection (a) terminates at the close of Sep-tember 30, 2020. Any program conducted or supported under that authority before that date may be completed, but only using funds available for fiscal years 2017 through 2020. On page 1070, line 14, strike ‘‘(h)’’ and in-sert ‘‘(i)’’. 1072, line 1, strike ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ and insert ‘‘appropriate com-mittees of Congress’’. On page 1072, beginning on line 5, strike ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ and in-sert ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’. On page 1077, line 8, strike ‘‘after consulta-tion with’’ and insert ‘‘with the concurrence of’’. On page 1087, line 9, strike ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ and insert ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’. On page 1091, strike line 2 through 17, and insert the following: (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respec-tively; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.034 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3454 June 6, 2016 
(B) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so redesignated, the following new paragraph (1): ‘‘(1) An exchange of personnel under an international defense personnel exchange agreement may only be made with the con-currence of the Secretary to State to the ex-tent the exchange is with— ‘‘(A) a non-defense security ministry of a foreign government; or ‘‘(B) an international or regional security organization.’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘, subject to the concurrence of the Secretary of State’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘Each government shall be required under’’ and inserting ‘‘In the case of’’; and (B) by inserting after ‘‘exchange agree-ment’’ the following: ‘‘that provides for re-ciprocal exchanges, each government shall be required’’; (4) in subsection (f), by inserting ‘‘defense or security ministry of that’’ after ‘‘military personnel of the’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) A
NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the end of a fiscal year in which the au-thority in subsection (a) is exercised, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report on the use of the authority during such fiscal year. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the number of non-reciprocal international defense per-sonnel exchange agreements, the number of personnel assigned pursuant to such agree-ments, the Department of Defense compo-nent to which the personnel have been as-signed, the duty title of each assignment, and the countries with which the agreements have been concluded.’’. On page 1092, line 15, add at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Such expenses may be paid only with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, other than in the case of payment of expenses of defense personnel of a friendly foreign government, for which such concur-rence is not required.’’. On page 1096, between lines 16 and 17, insert the following: ‘‘(3) S
ECRETARY OF STATE CONCURRENCE FOR  
ASSIGNMENT OF NON -DEFENSE FOREIGN LIAISON  
OFFICERS .—In the case of a non-defense for-eign liaison officer, the authority of the Sec-retary of Defense under subsection (a) to pay any expenses specified in paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (b) may be exercised only if the assignment of that liaison officer as a liaison officer with the Department of Defense was accepted by the Secretary of Defense with the concurrence of the Secretary of State. On page 1098, beginning on line 1, strike ‘‘or other security forces’’. On page 1098, line 3, strike the Secretary determines‘‘ and insert ‘‘the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of State jointly de-termine’’. On page 1098, line 4, add at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Any such training with forces of a foreign country may be conducted only with the concurrence of the Secretary of State.’’. On page 1101, beginning on line 6, strike ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ and in-sert ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’. Strike section 1258. On page 1126, beginning on line 13, strike ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ and in-sert ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’. On page 1127, beginning on line 2, strike ‘‘the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees’’ and insert ‘‘the Secretary of Defense shall, in co-ordination with the Secretary of State, sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress’’. On page 1127, line 3, strike ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ and insert ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’. On page 1128, beginning on line 10, strike ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ and in-sert ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’. On page 1134, between lines 4 and 5, insert the following: (e) SUBMITTAL OF REPORTS .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f), as redesignated by subsection (d) of this sec-tion, as subsections (f) and (g), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) S
UBMITTAL OF REPORTS .—Each report under this section that is submitted to the congressional defense committees shall also be submitted to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-atives.’’. On page 1134, line 5, strike ‘‘(e)’’ and insert ‘‘(f)’’. On page 1134, line 10, strike ‘‘(f)’’ and insert ‘‘(g)’’. On page 1135, between lines 5 and 6, insert the following: 
SEC. 1261A. CONCURRENCE OF SECRETARY OF STATE IN SECURITY COOPERATION WITH FOREIGN NON-MILITARY PER-SONNEL. 
Chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 1252(a)(3) of this Act, is amended by inserting after section 384, as added by section 1261 of this Act, the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘§ 385. Security cooperation with foreign non- military personnel: concurrence of Sec-retary of State ‘‘Any security cooperation program or ac-tivity of the Department of Defense under-taken under this chapter that engages for-eign personnel not under the authority of a ministry of defense of a foreign country shall require the concurrence of the Secretary of State.’’. On page 1142, line 5, add at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Until the joint regulations are so prescribed, no activities shall be undertaken under section 333 of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 1252(d) of this Act.’’. On page 1144, strike lines 13 through 16. On page 1156, beginning on line 6, strike ‘‘the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit to the congressional defense committees’’ and insert ‘‘the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, submit to the congressional defense committees and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives’’. 
SA 4421. Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. C
ARPER , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. H EIN-
RICH) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: SEC. 306. ENERGY PREPAREDNESS FOR THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It shall be the policy of the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces to ensure the readiness of the Armed Forces for their military missions by pursuing energy preparedness, including re-silient sources of electric power and the effi-cient use of electric power. (b) A
UTHORITIES .—In order to achieve the policy set forth in subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Defense may take the actions as follows: (1) E
LECTRIC POWER RESILIENCY PLANS FOR  
MILITARY INSTALLATIONS .—The Secretary may require the service secretaries to estab-lish and maintain electric power resiliency plans that best meet their installations’ mis-sion assurance guidelines. (2) R
ESILIENCY OF ELECTRIC POWER AND COST  
OF BACKUP POWER AS FACTORS IN PROCURE -
MENT .—The Secretary may authorize the use of resiliency and the cost of backup power as factors in the cost-benefit analysis for pro-curement of electric power. 
SA 4422. Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. K
IRK) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle J—Promise for Antibiotics and Therapeutics 
SEC. 1097. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Promise for Antibiotics and Therapeutics for Health Act’’ or the ‘‘PATH Act’’. 
SEC. 1097A. ANTIBACTERIAL RESISTANCE MONI-TORING. 
Section 319E of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d-5) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (k) and (l), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (e), the following: ‘‘(f) M
ONITORING AT FEDERAL HEALTH CARE F
ACILITIES .—The Secretary shall encourage reporting on aggregate antibacterial drug use and bacterial resistance to antibacterial drugs and the implementation of antibiotic stewardship programs by health care facili-ties of the Department of Defense, the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and the Indian Health Service and shall provide technical assistance to the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, as appro-priate and upon request. ‘‘(g) R
EPORT ON ANTIBACTERIAL RESISTANCE  
INHUMANS AND USE OF ANTIBACTERIAL  D
RUGS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary shall prepare and make publically available data and in-formation concerning— ‘‘(1) aggregate national and regional trends of bacterial resistance in humans to anti-bacterial drugs, including those approved under section 506(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; ‘‘(2) antibacterial stewardship, which may include summaries of State efforts to address bacterial resistance in humans to anti-bacterial drugs and antibacterial steward-ship; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.034 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3455 June 6, 2016 
‘‘(3) coordination between the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion and the Commissioner of Food and Drugs with respect to the monitoring of— ‘‘(A) any applicable resistance under para-graph (1); and ‘‘(B) drugs approved under section 506(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. ‘‘(h) I
NFORMATION RELATED TO ANTIBIOTIC  S
TEWARDSHIP PROGRAMS .—The Secretary shall, as appropriate, disseminate guidance, educational materials, or other appropriate materials related to the development and implementation of evidence-based antibiotic stewardship programs or practices at health care facilities, such as nursing homes and other long-term care facilities, ambulatory surgical centers, dialysis centers, and com-munity and rural hospitals. ‘‘(i) S
UPPORTING STATE -BASED ACTIVITIES  
TOCOMBAT ANTIBACTERIAL RESISTANCE .—The Secretary shall continue to work with State and local public health departments on statewide or regional programs related to antibacterial resistance. Such efforts may include activities to related to— ‘‘(1) identifying patterns of bacterial re-sistance in humans to antibacterial drugs; ‘‘(2) preventing the spread of bacterial in-fections that are resistant to antibacterial drugs; and ‘‘(3) promoting antibiotic stewardship. ‘‘(j) A
NTIBACTERIAL RESISTANCE AND STEW-
ARDSHIP ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For the purposes of sup-porting stewardship activities, examining changes in bacterial resistance, and evalu-ating the effectiveness of section 506(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) provide a mechanism for facilities to report data related to their antimicrobial stewardship activities (including analyzing the outcomes of such activities); and ‘‘(B) evaluate— ‘‘(i) antimicrobial resistance data using a standardized approach; and ‘‘(ii) trends in the utilization of drugs ap-proved under such section 506(g) with respect to patient populations. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF SYSTEMS .—The Secretary shall use available systems, including the Na-tional Healthcare Safety Network or other systems identified by the Secretary, to ful-fill the requirements or conduct activities under this section. ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY OF DATA .—The Secretary shall make the data collected pursuant to this subsection public. Nothing in this sub-section shall be construed as authorizing the Secretary to disclose any information that is a trade secret or confidential information subject to section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code, or section 1905 of title 18, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 1097B. LIMITED POPULATION PATHWAY FOR ANTIBACTERIAL DRUGS. 
Section 506 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 356) is amended— (1) by transferring subsection (e) so that it appears before subsection (f); and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) L
IMITED POPULATION PATHWAY FOR  A
NTIBACTERIAL DRUGS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may ap-prove an antibacterial drug, alone or in com-bination with one or more other drugs, as a limited population drug pursuant to this subsection only if— ‘‘(A) the drug is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening infection in a limited population of patients with unmet needs; ‘‘(B) the standards for approval under sec-tion 505(c) and (d), or the standards for licen-sure under section 351 of the Public Health Service Act, as applicable, are met; and ‘‘(C) the Secretary receives a written re-quest from the sponsor to approve the drug as a limited population drug pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(2) BENEFIT -RISK CONSIDERATION .—The Secretary’s determination of safety and ef-fectiveness of a limited population anti-bacterial drug shall reflect the benefit-risk profile of the drug in the intended limited population, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the infection the drug is intended to treat and the availability or lack of alternative treatment in such lim-ited population. Such drug may be approved under this subsection notwithstanding a lack of evidence to fully establish a favorable benefit-risk profile in a population that is broader than the intended limited popu-lation. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—A drug approved under this subsection shall be sub-ject to the requirements of this paragraph, in addition to any other applicable require-ments of this Act: ‘‘(A) L
ABELING .—To indicate that the safe-ty and effectiveness of a drug approved under this subsection has been demonstrated only with respect to a limited population— ‘‘(i) all labeling and advertising of an anti-bacterial drug approved under this sub-section shall contain the statement ‘Limited Population’ in a prominent manner and adja-cent to, and not more prominent than— ‘‘(I) the proprietary name of such drug, if any; or ‘‘(II) if there is no proprietary name, the established name of the drug, if any, as de-fined in section 503(e)(3), or for drugs which are biological products, the proper name, as defined by regulation; and ‘‘(ii) the prescribing information for such antibacterial drug required by section 201.57 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation) shall also include the following statement: ‘This drug is indi-cated for use in a limited and specific popu-lation of patients.’. ‘‘(B) P
ROMOTIONAL MATERIAL .—The sponsor of an antibacterial drug subject to this sub-section shall submit to the Secretary copies of all promotional materials related to such drug at least 30 calendar days prior to dis-semination of the materials. ‘‘(4) O
THER PROGRAMS .—A sponsor of a drug that seeks approval of a drug under this sub-section for antibacterial drugs may also seek designation or approval, as applicable, of such drug under other applicable sections or subsections of this Act of the Public Health Service Act. ‘‘(5) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Promise for Antibiotics and Therapeutics for Health Act, the Secretary shall issue draft guidance describing criteria, processes, and other gen-eral considerations for demonstrating the safety and effectiveness of limited popu-lation antibacterial drugs. The Secretary shall publish final guidance within 18 months of the close of the public comment period on such draft guidance. The Secretary may ap-prove antibacterial drugs under this sub-section prior to issuing guidance under this paragraph. ‘‘(6) A
DVICE .—The Secretary shall provide prompt advice to the sponsor of a drug for which the sponsor seeks approval under this subsection for antibacterial drugs to enable the sponsor to plan a development program to obtain the necessary data for approval of such drug under this subsection for anti-bacterial drugs and to conduct any addi-tional studies that would be required to gain approval of such drug for use in a broader population. ‘‘(7) T
ERMINATION OF LIMITATIONS .—If, after approval of a drug under this subsection, the Secretary approves a broader indication for such drug for which the sponsor applies under section 505(b) or section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act, the Secretary may remove any postmarketing conditions, including requirements with respect to label-ing and review of promotional materials under paragraph (3), applicable to the ap-proval of the drug under this subsection. ‘‘(8) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to alter the authority of the Secretary to approve drugs pursuant to this Act and section 351 of the Public Health Service Act, including the standards of evidence, and applicable condi-tions, for approval under such Acts, the standards of approval of a drug under this Act or the Public Health Service Act, or to alter the authority of the Secretary to mon-itor drugs pursuant to this Act or the Public Health Service Act. ‘‘(9) R
EPORTING AND ACCOUNTABILITY .— ‘‘(A) B
IANNUAL REPORTING .—The Secretary shall report to Congress not less often than once every 2 years on the number of requests for approval, and the number of approvals, of an antibacterial drug under this subsection. ‘‘(B) G
AO REPORT .—Not later than Decem-ber 2021, the Comptroller General of the United States shall report on the coordina-tion of activities required under section 319E of the Public Health Service Act, a review of such activities, and the extent to which the use of the pathway established under this subsection has streamlined premarket ap-proval for antibacterial drugs for limited populations, if such pathway has functioned as intended, if such pathway has helped pro-vide for safe and effective treatment for pa-tients, if such premarket approval would be appropriate for other categories of drugs, and if the authorities under this subsection have affected antibiotic resistance.’’. 
SEC. 1097C. PRESCRIBING AUTHORITY. 
Nothing in this subtitle, or an amendment made by this subtitle, shall be construed to restrict the prescribing of antibacterial drugs or other products, including drugs ap-proved under section 506(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 356(g)), by health care professionals, or to limit the practice of health care. 
SA 4423. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 526. PLAN TO MEET DEMAND FOR CYBER-SPACE CAREER FIELDS IN THE RE-SERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P LAN REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth a plan for meeting the increased demand for cyber-space career fields in the reserve components of the Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan shall take into account the following: (1) The availability of qualified local workforces. (2) Potential best practices of private sec-tor companies involved in cyberspace and of educational institutions with established cyberspace-related academic programs. (3) The potential for Total Force Integra-tion throughout the defense cyber commu-nity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.035 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3456 June 6, 2016 
(4) Recruitment strategies to attract indi-viduals with critical cyber training and skills to join the reserve components. (c) M
ETRICS .—The plan shall include appro-priate metrics for use in the evaluation of the implementation of the plan. 
SA 4424. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 899C. MECHANISMS FOR EXPEDITED AC-CESS TO TECHNICAL TALENT AND EXPERTISE AT ACADEMIC INSTITU-TIONS TO SUPPORT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MISSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish one or more multi-institution task order contracts, consortia, cooperative agreements, or other arrangements to facili-tate expedited access to university technical expertise in support of Department of De-fense missions in the areas specified in sub-section (e). The Secretary may use this ar-rangement to fund technical analyses and other engineering support as required to ad-dress acquisition and operational challenges, including support for classified programs and activities. The Secretary shall ensure that work under task orders awarded through the arrangement is performed primarily by the designated university performer. (b) L
IMITATION .—The arrangement estab-lished under subsection (a) may not be used to fund research programs that can be exe-cuted through other Department of Defense basic research activities. (c) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER DEPARTMENT  
OFDEFENSE ACTIVITIES .—The arrangement shall be made in coordination with other De-partment of Defense activities, including federally funded research and development centers (FFRDCs), university affiliated re-search centers (UARCs), and Defense labora-tories and test centers, for purposes of pro-viding technical expertise and reducing costs and duplicative efforts. (d) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The Sec- retary shall establish and implement policies and procedures to govern— (1) selection of participants in the arrange-ment; (2) the awarding of task orders under the arrangement; (3) maximum award size for tasks under the arrangement; (4) the appropriate use of competitive awards and sole source awards under the ar-rangement; and (5) technical areas under the arrangement. (e) M
ISSION AREAS .—The Secretary may es-tablish the arrangement in any of the fol-lowing technical areas: (1) Cybersecurity. (2) Air and ground vehicles. (3) Shipbuilding. (4) Explosives detection. (5) Modeling and simulation. (6) Undersea warfare. (7) Trusted microelectronics. (8) Unmanned systems. (9) Directed energy. (10) Energy, power, and propulsion. (11) Advanced materials. (12) Other areas as designated by the Sec-retary. 
SA 4425. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 565. REPORT AND GUIDANCE ON JOB TRAIN-ING, EMPLOYMENT SKILLS TRAIN-ING, APPRENTICESHIPS, AND IN-TERNSHIPS AND SKILLBRIDGE INI-TIATIVES FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO ARE BEING SEPARATED. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel and Readiness shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, and make available to the public, a report evaluating the success of the Job Training, Employment Skills Training, Apprenticeships, and Intern-ships (known as JTEST-AI) and SkillBridge initiatives, under which civilian businesses and companies make available to members of the Armed Forces who are being separated from the Armed Forces training or intern-ship opportunities that offer a high prob-ability of employment for the members after their separation. (b) E
LEMENTS .—In preparing the report re-quired by subsection (a), the Under Sec-retary shall use the effectiveness metrics de-scribed in Enclosure 5 of Department of De-fense Instruction No. 1322.29. The report shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the successes of the Job Training, Employment Skills Training, Apprenticeships, and Internships and SkillBridge initiatives. (2) Recommendations by the Under Sec-retary on ways in which the administration of the initiatives could be improved. (3) Recommendations by civilian compa-nies participating in the initiatives on ways in which the administration of the initia-tives could be improved. 
SA 4426. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 544. SUSPENSION OF ADMINISTRATIVE SEP-ARATION OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WITH MEDICAL CONDITIONS ARISING FROM SEXUAL TRAUMA INCURRED DURING SERV-ICE IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P OLICY ON SUSPENSION REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall issue a policy under which the Secretaries of the military departments may— (1) suspend the proposed involuntary sepa-ration from the Armed Forces of any mem-ber of the Armed Forces described in sub-section (b); and (2) provide for appropriate medical evalua-tion of such member for purposes of deter-mining the eligibility of such member for re-tirement or separation for physical dis-ability under chapter 61 of title 10, United States Code. (b) COVERED MEMBERS .—A member of the Armed Forces described in this subsection is a member who is diagnosed by a health care professional specified in the policy under subsection (a) as having a medical condition related to sexual assault or sexual harass-ment incurred by the member during service in the Armed Forces. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the policy to be issued pursuant to subsection (a). (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The policy issued pursuant to subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the submittal of the policy to Congress under subsection (c), and shall apply to members of the Armed Forces de-scribed in subsection (b) who are proposed to be involuntarily separated from the Armed Forces on or after that date. 
SA 4427. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle D of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 554. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF RE-FORM OF ARTICLE 32 OF THE UNI-FORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth a description and assessment by the Secretary of the implementation of the reform of sec-tion 832 of title 10, United States Code (arti-cle 32 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), made by section 1702 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 954). 
SA 4428. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1266. ENHANCEMENT OF EFFORTS FOR THE RECRUITMENT AND ADVANCEMENT OF WOMEN IN THE SECURITY SEC-TOR AS PART OF DEFENSE INSTITU-TION BUILDING PROGRAMS AND AC-TIVITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
In carrying out programs and activities for defense institution building of foreign coun-tries under the security cooperation pro-grams and activities of the Department of Defense, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretary of State, in-clude policies to strengthen and facilitate, to the extent practicable, the efforts of coun-tries participating in such defense institu-tion building programs and activities to re-cruit, retain, professionalize, and advance women in their security sectors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.037 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3457 June 6, 2016 
SA 4429. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. GRANTING THE ATTORNEY GENERAL THE AUTHORITY TO DENY THE SALE, DELIVERY, OR TRANSFER OF A FIRE-ARM OR THE ISSUANCE OF A FIRE-ARMS OR EXPLOSIVES LICENSE OR PERMIT TO DANGEROUS TERROR-ISTS. 
(a) S TANDARD FOR EXERCISING ATTORNEY  G
ENERAL DISCRETION REGARDING TRANSFER -
RING FIREARMS OR ISSUING FIREARMS PER-
MITS TO DANGEROUS TERRORISTS .—Chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting after section 922 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 922A. Attorney General’s discretion to deny transfer of a firearm ‘‘The Attorney General may deny the transfer of a firearm under section 922(t)(1)(B)(ii) of this title if the Attorney General— ‘‘(1) determines that the transferee is known (or appropriately suspected) to be or have been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism; and ‘‘(2) has a reasonable belief that the pro-spective transferee may use a firearm in con-nection with terrorism. ‘‘§ 922B. Attorney General’s discretion regard-ing applicants for firearm permits which would qualify for the exemption provided under section 922(t)(3) ‘‘The Attorney General may determine that— ‘‘(1) an applicant for a firearm permit which would qualify for an exemption under section 922(t)(3) is known (or appropriately suspected) to be or have been engaged in con-duct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing ma-terial support or resources for terrorism; and ‘‘(2) the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the applicant may use a firearm in connection with terrorism.’’; (2) in section 921(a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(36) The term ‘terrorism’ includes inter-national terrorism and domestic terrorism, as defined in section 2331 of this title. ‘‘(37) The term ‘material support or re-sources’ has the meaning given the term in section 2339A of this title. ‘‘(38) The term ‘responsible person’ means an individual who has the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the appli-cant or licensee pertaining to firearms.’’; and (3) in the table of sections, by inserting after the item relating to section 922 the fol-lowing: ‘‘922A. Attorney General’s discretion to deny transfer of a firearm. ‘‘922B. Attorney General’s discretion regard-ing applicants for firearm per-mits which would qualify for the exemption provided under section 922(t)(3).’’. (b) E
FFECT OF ATTORNEY GENERAL DISCRE -
TIONARY DENIAL THROUGH THE NATIONAL IN-
STANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM  (NICS) 
ONFIREARMS PERMITS .—Section 922(t) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B)(ii), by inserting ‘‘or State law, or that the Attorney General has determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A of this title’’ before the semicolon; (2) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, or if the Attorney General has not determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A of this title’’ after ‘‘or State law’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) was issued after a check of the sys-tem established pursuant to paragraph (1);’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the State issuing the permit agrees to deny the permit application if such other person is the subject of a determination by the Attorney General pursuant to section 922B of this title;’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, or if the Attorney General has not determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A of this title’’ after ‘‘or State law’’; and (5) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘, or if the Attorney General has determined to deny the transfer of a firearm pursuant to section 922A of this title’’ after ‘‘or State law’’. (c) UNLAWFUL SALE OR DISPOSITION OF  F
IREARM BASED UPON ATTORNEY GENERAL  D
ISCRETIONARY DENIAL .—Section 922(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (9), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) has been the subject of a determina-tion by the Attorney General under section 922A, 922B, 923(d)(3), or 923(e) of this title.’’. (d) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL AS PROHIBITOR .—Section 922(g) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (9), by striking the comma at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) who has received actual notice of the Attorney General’s determination made under section 922A, 922B, 923(d)(3) or 923(e) of this title,’’. (e) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL OF FEDERAL FIREARMS LICENSES .—Sec- tion 923(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Any’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in para-graph (3), any’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The Attorney General may deny a li-cense application if the Attorney General de-termines that the applicant (including any responsible person) is known (or appro-priately suspected) to be or have been en-gaged in conduct constituting, in prepara-tion for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the applicant may use a firearm in connection with terrorism.’’. (f) D
ISCRETIONARY REVOCATION OF FEDERAL  F
IREARMS LICENSES .—Section 923(e) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(e)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘revoke any license’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘revoke— ‘‘(A) any license’’; (3) by striking ‘‘. The Attorney General may, after notice and opportunity for hear-ing, revoke the license’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘; ‘‘(B) the license’’; and (4) by striking ‘‘. The Secretary’s action’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘; or ‘‘(C) any license issued under this section if the Attorney General determines that the holder of such license (including any respon-sible person) is known (or appropriately sus-pected) to be or have been engaged in con-duct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism or providing mate-rial support or resources for terrorism, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the applicant may use a firearm in con-nection with terrorism. ‘‘(2) The Attorney General’s action’’. (g) ATTORNEY GENERAL ’SABILITY TOWITH-
HOLD INFORMATION IN FIREARMS LICENSE DE-
NIAL AND REVOCATION SUIT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 923(f)(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘How-ever, if the denial or revocation is pursuant to subsection (d)(3) or (e)(1)(C), any informa-tion upon which the Attorney General relied for this determination may be withheld from the petitioner, if the Attorney General deter-mines that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national secu-rity.’’. (2) S
UMMARIES .—Section 923(f)(3) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the third sentence the following: ‘‘With respect to any information withheld from the aggrieved party under paragraph (1), the United States may submit, and the court may rely upon, summaries or redacted versions of documents containing informa-tion the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely com-promise national security.’’. (h) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’SABILITY TOWITH-
HOLD INFORMATION IN RELIEF FROM DISABIL -
ITIES LAWSUITS .—Section 925(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the third sentence the following: ‘‘If the person is subject to a disability under section 922(g)(10) of this title, any informa-tion which the Attorney General relied on for this determination may be withheld from the applicant if the Attorney General deter-mines that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security. In responding to the petition, the United States may submit, and the court may rely upon, summaries or redacted versions of doc-uments containing information the disclo-sure of which the Attorney General has de-termined would likely compromise national security.’’. (i) P
ENALTIES .—Section 924(k) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the comma at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) constitutes an act of terrorism, or pro-viding material support or resources for ter-rorism,’’. (j) R
EMEDY FOR ERRONEOUS DENIAL OF  F
IREARM OR FIREARM PERMIT EXEMPTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 925A of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘Remedy for erroneous denial of firearm ’’ and inserting ‘‘Remedies’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Any person denied a fire-arm pursuant to subsection (s) or (t) of sec-tion 922’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) Except as provided in subsection (b), any person denied a firearm pursuant to sub-section (t) of section 922 or a firearm permit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.038 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3458 June 6, 2016 
pursuant to a determination made under sec-tion 922B’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) In any case in which the Attorney General has denied the transfer of a firearm to a prospective transferee pursuant to sec-tion 922A of this title or has made a deter-mination regarding a firearm permit appli-cant pursuant to section 922B of this title, an action challenging the determination may be brought against the United States. The peti-tion shall be filed not later than 60 days after the petitioner has received actual no-tice of the Attorney General’s determination under section 922A or 922B of this title. The court shall sustain the Attorney General’s determination upon a showing by the United States by a preponderance of evidence that the Attorney General’s determination satis-fied the requirements of section 922A or 922B, as the case may be. To make this showing, the United States may submit, and the court may rely upon, summaries or redacted versions of documents containing informa-tion the disclosure of which the Attorney General has determined would likely com-promise national security. Upon request of the petitioner or the court’s own motion, the court may review the full, undisclosed docu-ments ex parte and in camera. The court shall determine whether the summaries or redacted versions, as the case may be, are fair and accurate representations of the un-derlying documents. The court shall not con-sider the full, undisclosed documents in de-ciding whether the Attorney General’s deter-mination satisfies the requirements of sec-tion 922A or 922B.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 925A and inserting the following: ‘‘925A. Remedies.’’. (k) P
ROVISION OF GROUNDS UNDERLYING IN-
ELIGIBILITY DETERMINATION BY THE NATIONAL  I
NSTANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYS-
TEM.—Section 103 of the Brady Handgun Vio-lence Prevention Act (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (f)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or the Attorney General has made a determination regarding an ap-plicant for a firearm permit pursuant to sec-tion 922B of title 18, United States Code,’’ after ‘‘is ineligible to receive a firearm’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘except any information for which the Attorney General has deter-mined that disclosure would likely com-promise national security,’’ after ‘‘reasons to the individual,’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) the first sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘or if the Attorney General has made a determination pursuant to sec-tion 922A or 922B of title 18, United States Code,’’ after ‘‘or State law,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, except any information for which the Attorney General has deter-mined that disclosure would likely com-promise national security’’ before the period at the end; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any petition for review of information withheld by the Attorney General under this subsection shall be made in accordance with section 925A of title 18, United States Code.’’. (l) U
NLAWFUL DISTRIBUTION OF EXPLOSIVES  B
ASED UPON ATTORNEY GENERAL DISCRE -
TIONARY DENIAL .—Section 842(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (9), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) has received actual notice of the At-torney General’s determination made pursu-ant to subsection (j) or (d)(1)(B) of section 843 of this title.’’. (m) ATTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL AS PROHIBITOR .—Section 842(i) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (7), by inserting ‘‘; or’’ at the end; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) who has received actual notice of the Attorney General’s determination made pur-suant to subsection (j) or (d)(1)(B) of section 843 of this title,’’. (n) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY DE-
NIAL OF FEDERAL EXPLOSIVES LICENSES AND  P
ERMITS .—Section 843 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Upon’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in sub-section (j), upon’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) The Attorney General may deny the issuance of a permit or license to an appli-cant if the Attorney General determines that the applicant or a responsible person or em-ployee possessor thereof is known (or appro-priately suspected) to be or have been en-gaged in conduct constituting, in prepara-tion of, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism, and the Attorney General has a reasonable belief that the person may use ex-plosives in connection with terrorism.’’. (o) A
TTORNEY GENERAL DISCRETIONARY  R
EVOCATION OF FEDERAL EXPLOSIVES LI-
CENSES AND PERMITS .—Section 843(d) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(d)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘if in the opinion’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘if— ‘‘(A) in the opinion’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘. The Secretary’s action’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘; or ‘‘(B) the Attorney General determines that the licensee or holder (or any responsible person or employee possessor thereof) is known (or appropriately suspected) to be or have been engaged in conduct constituting, in preparation for, in aid of, or related to terrorism, or providing material support or resources for terrorism, and that the Attor-ney General has a reasonable belief that the person may use explosives in connection with terrorism. ‘‘(2) The Attorney General’s action’’. (p) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’SABILITY TOWITH-
HOLD INFORMATION IN EXPLOSIVES LICENSE  
ANDPERMIT DENIAL AND REVOCATION SUITS.— Section 843(e) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘However, if the denial or revocation is based upon an Attor-ney General determination under subsection (j) or (d)(1)(B), any information which the Attorney General relied on for this deter-mination may be withheld from the peti-tioner if the Attorney General determines that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In responding to any petition for review of a denial or revocation based upon an Attorney General determination under subsection (j) or (d)(1)(B), the United States may submit, and the court may rely upon, summaries or redacted versions of doc-uments containing information the disclo-sure of which the Attorney General has de-termined would likely compromise national security.’’. (q) A
BILITY TOWITHHOLD INFORMATION IN  C
OMMUNICATIONS TO EMPLOYERS .—Section 843(h)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or in subsection (j) of this section (on grounds of terrorism)’’ after ‘‘section 842(i)’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or in subsection (j) of this sec-tion,’’ after ‘‘section 842(i),’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘, except that any information that the Attorney Gen-eral relied on for a determination pursuant to subsection (j) may be withheld if the At-torney General concludes that disclosure of the information would likely compromise national security’’ after ‘‘determination’’. (r) CONFORMING AMENDMENT TO IMMIGRA -
TION AND NATIONALITY ACT.—Section 101(a)(43)(E)(ii) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)(E)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘or (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5), or (10)’’. (s) G
UIDELINES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Attorney General shall issue guidelines describing the cir-cumstances under which the Attorney Gen-eral will exercise the authority and make de-terminations under subsections (d)(1)(B) and (j) of section 843 and sections 922A and 922B of title 18, United States Code, as amended by this Act. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The guidelines issued under paragraph (1) shall— (A) provide accountability and a basis for monitoring to ensure that the intended goals for, and expected results of, the grant of au-thority under subsections (d)(1)(B) and (j) of section 843 and sections 922A and 922B of title 18, United States Code, as amended by this Act, are being achieved; and (B) ensure that terrorist watch list records are used in a manner that safeguards privacy and civil liberties protections, in accordance with requirements outlines in Homeland Se-curity Presidential Directive 11 (dated Au-gust 27, 2004). 
SA 4430. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. RENAMING THE NATIONAL PROTEC-TION AND PROGRAMS DIREC-TORATE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (b) U
NITED STATES AGENCY FOR CYBER AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY .—The National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department shall be known and designated as the ‘‘United States Agency for Cyber and Infrastructure Security’’. Any reference to the National Protection and Programs Direc-torate of the Department in any law, regula-tion, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the United States Agency for Cyber and Infrastructure Security of the De-partment. (c) S
TREAMLINING .— (1) A
LLOCATION OF FUNCTIONS .—To support the United States Agency for Cyber and In-frastructure Security and increase efficiency and effectiveness, the Secretary may allo-cate and reallocate the mission support, Stakeholder Engagement and Cyber Infra-structure Resilience, and sector-specific agency functions, personnel, and assets that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.038 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3459 June 6, 2016 
are supporting National Protection and Pro-grams Directorate of the Department on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. (2) F
UNDING .—Notwithstanding section 520 of division F of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113; 129 Stat. 2515), funds available to the United States Agency for Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection are authorized as necessary to streamline in accordance with this Act. (3) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a plan for allo-cating the functions of the United States Agency for Cyber and Infrastructure Secu-rity. (d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (A) in the table of contents in section 1(b), by striking the item relating to section 201 and inserting the following: ‘‘201. Information and analysis; cyber and in-frastructure security.’’; (B) in section 103(a)(1) (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)), by striking subparagraph (H) and inserting the following: ‘‘(H) An Under Secretary for Cyber and In-frastructure Security.’’; (C) in section 201 (6 U.S.C. 121)— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘; 
CYBER AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY ’’; (ii) in subsection (a)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
AND INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’ and in- serting ‘‘; C
YBER AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECU-
RITY’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘an Office of Intelligence and Analysis and an Office of Infrastructure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘the United States Agency for Cyber and Infrastructure Security and an Office of Intelligence and Analysis’’; (iii) in subsection (b)— (I) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘, U
NDER SECRETARY FOR CYBER AND INFRA -
STRUCTURE SECURITY ,’’ after ‘‘A NALYSIS ’’; (II) by striking paragraph (3); and (III) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(3) U
NITED STATES AGENCY FOR CYBER AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The United States Agen-cy for Cyber and Infrastructure Security shall be headed by an Under Secretary for Cyber and Infrastructure Security. ‘‘(B) A
SSISTANT SECRETARIES .—Notwith- standing section 103(a)(1)(I), the Secretary may appoint 2 Assistant Secretaries to assist in carrying out the duties of the United States Agency for Cyber and Infrastructure Security.’’; (iv) in subsection (c)— (I) by striking ‘‘infrastructure protection’’ and inserting ‘‘cyber and infrastructure se-curity’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary for Cyber and Infrastruc-ture Security’’; (v) in subsection (d)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
AND INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’ and in- serting ‘‘C
YBER AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECU-
RITY’’; (II) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘infrastructure protection’’ and inserting ‘‘cyber and infrastructure secu-rity’’; (III) in paragraph (1)— (aa) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, cyber, and other’’ after ‘‘terrorist’’; and (bb) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘and cyber attacks’’ after ‘‘terrorism’’; (IV) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘and cyber’’ after ‘‘terrorist’’; (V) in paragraph (3)(A), by inserting ‘‘, cyber,’’ after ‘‘terrorist’’; (VI) in paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘, cyber, and other’’ after ‘‘terrorist’’; (VII) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘of ter-rorism’’; (VIII) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘of terrorism’’; and (IX) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘of ter-rorism in’’ and inserting ‘‘against’’; (vi) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘the Office of Intelligence and Analysis and the Office of Infrastructure Protection’’ and in-serting ‘‘the United States Agency for Cyber and Infrastructure Security and the Office of Intelligence and Analysis’’; (vii) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘the Office of Intelligence and Analysis and the Office of Infrastructure Protection’’ and in-serting ‘‘the United States Agency for Cyber and Infrastructure Security and the Office of Intelligence and Analysis’’; and (viii) in subsection (g), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Office of Intelligence and Analysis and the Office of Infrastructure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘the United States Agency for Cyber and In-frastructure Security and the Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis’’; (D) in section 204 (6 U.S.C. 124a)— (i) in subsection (c)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘As-sistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary for Cyber and Infrastructure Security’’; and (ii) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘As-sistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary for Cyber and Infrastructure Security’’; (E) in section 210A(c)(2)(B) (6 U.S.C. 124h(c)(2)(B)), by striking ‘‘Office of Infra-structure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Agency for Cyber and Infrastructure Security’’; (F) in section 223 (6 U.S.C. 143)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ and inserting ‘‘the Under Secretary for Cyber and Infra-structure Security’’; (ii) in paragraph (1)(B)— (I) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Emer-gency Preparedness and Response’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (iii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Emergency Preparedness and Response’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy’’; (G) in section 224 (6 U.S.C. 144), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Pro-tection’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary for Cyber and Infrastructure Security’’; (H) in section 227 (6 U.S.C. 148)— (i) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ and inserting ‘‘the Under Sec-retary for Cyber and Infrastructure Secu-rity’’; (ii) in subsection (e)(1)(G), by striking the semicolon at the end; and (iii) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ and inserting ‘‘the Under Sec-retary for Cyber and Infrastructure Secu-rity’’; (I) in section 228(c) (6 U.S.C. 149(c)), by striking ‘‘The Under Secretary appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ and inserting ‘‘The Under Secretary for Cyber and Infra-structure Security’’; (J) in section 302 (6 U.S.C. 182)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘biologi-cal,,’’ and inserting ‘‘biological’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary for Cyber and In-frastructure Security’’; (K) in section 514 (6 U.S.C. 321c)— (i) by striking subsection (b); and (ii) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b); (L) in section 523(a) (6 U.S.C. 321l(a)), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Pro-tection’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary for Cyber and Infrastructure Security’’; (M) in section 524(a)(2)(B) (6 U.S.C. 321m(a)(2)(B)), by striking ‘‘Assistant Sec-retary for Infrastructure Protection, based on consideration of the expertise of the As-sistant Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Sec-retary for Cyber and Infrastructure Security, based on consideration of the expertise of the Under Secretary’’; and (N) in section 1801(b) (6 U.S.C. 571(b)), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Cybersecu-rity and Communications’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary for Cyber and Infrastruc-ture Security’’. (e) OTHER MATTERS .— (1) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section or any amendments made by this section may be construed as affecting in any manner any rule or regulation issued or promulgated pursuant to any provision of law as in existence on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, and any such rule or regulation shall continue to have full force and effect on and after such date. (2) C
ONTINUATION IN OFFICE .—The indi-vidual serving as the Under Secretary re-sponsible for overseeing critical infrastruc-ture protection, cybersecurity, and other re-lated programs of the Department appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)(H)) on the day before the date of enactment of this Act may serve as the Under Secretary for Cyber and Infrastructure Security on and after such date of enactment until an Under Secretary for Cyber and Infrastructure Secu-rity is appointed under such section 103(a)(1)(H). (3) R
EFERENCE .—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, any reference in law or regulation to the Under Secretary re-sponsible for overseeing critical infrastruc-ture protection, cybersecurity, and other re-lated programs of the Department appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)(H)) or the Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection shall be deemed to be a reference to the Under Secretary for Cyber and Infra-structure Security. 
SA 4431. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 306. AIR FORCE REPORT ON PERFLUOROOCTANOIC ACID (PFOA) AND PERFLUOROOCTANE SULFONATES (PFOS) CONTAMINA-TION AT CERTAIN MILITARY INSTAL-LATIONS. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress makes the following findings: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.038 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3460 June 6, 2016 
(1) An increasing number of communities across New York have reportedly identified the presence of perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and perfluorooctane sulfonates (PFOS), which can contaminate water and cause adverse health effects. (2) According to reports, levels of PFOA and PFOS have been detected in the public and private water supplies in the city of Newburgh, New York. Public and private wells in these communities are being tested by the New York Department of Environ-mental Conservation (DEC) and the New York Department of Health (DOH) . (3) The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has identified PFOA as an ‘‘emerging contaminant,’’ and in 2009, the EPA issued an updated provisional health advisory for drinking water of 70 parts per trillion for PFOA and PFOS. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than September 1, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force, in col-laboration with the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency, shall sub-mit to Congress a report on perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and perfluorooctane sulfonates (PFOS) contami-nation at Stewart Air National Guard Base, New York. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) An update on the cleanup at Stewart Air National Guard Base. (B) An update on the Air Force’s efforts to identify and notify everyone affected or im-pacted by the contamination. (C) An assessment of the Air Force’s role, if any, in the new contaminations. (D) A summary of the Air Force’s support, where appropriate, for the EPA with respect to the latest contaminations. 
SA 4432. Mr. CARPER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. WAIVER OF CERTAIN POLYGRAPH EX-AMINATION REQUIREMENTS. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security, act-ing through the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, may waive the polygraph examination requirement under section 3 of the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–376) for any applicant who— (1) the Commissioner determines is suit-able for employment; (2) holds a current, active Top Secret clear-ance and is able to access sensitive compart-mented information; (3) has a current single scope background investigation; (4) was not granted any waivers to obtain the clearance; and (5) is a veteran (as such term is defined in section 2108 or 2108a of title 5, United States Code). 
SA 4433. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. DISCLOSURE OF RECENT TAX RE-TURNS OF CERTAIN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) D
ISCLOSURE OF TAXRETURNS OF CER-
TAIN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days after the nomination of any candidate of a major party for the office of President, such candidate shall file with the Commission a copy of the income tax returns of such can-didate for the 3 most recent taxable years for which such a return has been filed with the Internal Revenue Service as of the date of the nomination. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURE IF NO INFORMATION FILED .— In any case in which the candidate of a major party for the office of President has not filed with the Commission the income tax returns described in paragraph (1) before the date which is 30 days after the date such candidate is nominated, the Chairman of the Commission shall request the Secretary of the Treasury to provide such returns. ‘‘(3) R
ETURNS MADE PUBLIC .—A tax return provided to the Commission by a candidate under paragraph (1) or by the Secretary of the Treasury pursuant to paragraph (2) shall be treated in the same manner as a report filed by the candidate and, except as pro-vided in paragraph (4), shall be made pub-licly available at the same time and in the same manner as other reports and state-ments under this section. ‘‘(4) R
EDACTION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION .— Before making any return described in para-graph (1) or (2) available to the public, the Commission shall redact such information as the Commission, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate), determines appropriate. ‘‘(5) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) M
AJOR PARTY .—The term ‘major party’ has the meaning given such term by section 9002(6) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(B) I
NCOME TAX RETURN .—The term ‘in-come tax return’ means any return (as de-fined in section 6103(b)(1) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986) relating to Federal income taxes.’’. (b) A
UTHORITY TO DISCLOSE INFORMATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 6103(l) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(23) D
ISCLOSURE OF RETURN INFORMATION  
OF CERTAIN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES BY FED -
ERAL ELECTION COMMISSION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Federal Election Commission may disclose to the public the applicable returns of any person who has been nominated as a candidate of a major party (as defined in section 9002(6)) for the office of President. ‘‘(B) D
ISCLOSURE TO FEC IN CASES WHERE  
CANDIDATE DOES NOT PROVIDE RETURNS .—The Secretary shall, upon written request from the Chairman of the Federal Election Com-mission pursuant to section 304(j)(2) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971, pro-vide to officers and employees of the Federal Election Commission copies of the applicable returns of any person who has been nomi-nated as a candidate of a major party (as de-fined in section 9002(6)) for the office of President. ‘‘(C) APPLICABLE RETURNS .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘applicable returns’ means, with respect to any candidate for the office of President, income tax returns for the 3 most recent taxable years for which a return has been filed as of the date of the nomination.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 6103(p)(4) of such Code, in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A) and in subparagraph (F)(ii), is amended by striking ‘‘or (22)’’ and inserting ‘‘(22), or (23)’’ each place it appears. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 4434. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. 965. INFORMATION ON WHISTLEBLOWER RE-PRISAL INVESTIGATIONS IN SEMI-ANNUAL REPORTS TO CONGRESS OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NFORMATION REQUIRED .—The Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall include in each semiannual report to Con-gress of the Inspector General pursuant to section 5(a) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) the information specified in subsection (c) with respect to investiga-tions of prohibited personnel actions against personnel specified in subsection (b) during the period covered by such report. (b) C
OVERED PERSONNEL .—The personnel specified in this subsection are personnel of the Department Defense, and of each ele-ment of the intelligence community referred to in section 8H(a)(1)(A) of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as follows: (1) Members of the Armed Forces, includ-ing members of the National Guard and the Reserves, on active duty. (2) Civilian employees. (3) Non-appropriated fund instrumentality employees. (4) Employees of contractors. (5) Employees of subcontractors. (6) Employees of grantees. (7) Employees of subgrantees. (8) Such other personnel as the Inspector General considers appropriate for purposes of this section. (c) C
OVERED INFORMATION .—The informa-tion specified in this subsection is informa-tion on prohibited personnel actions against the personnel specified in subsection (b), set forth by category of personnel enumerated in that subsection, as follows: (1) The number of allegations received by the Inspector General (2) The number of allegations investigated by the Inspector General. (3) The number of allegations dismissed or withdrawn. (4) The number of allegations closed by the Inspector General, including— (A) the number of allegations closed by the Inspector General without investigation; and (B) the number of allegations closed by the Inspector General without the complainant being interviewed. (5) The number of investigated allegations substantiated by the Inspector General, and the substantiation rate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.036 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3461 June 6, 2016 
(6) The average time for the investigation of allegations. (7) In the case of personnel of the Depart-ment of Defense, the number of allegations pursued by an Inspector General within a military department and subsequently re-viewed by the Inspector General of the De-partment of Defense. (8) In the case of personnel of the elements of the intelligence community referred to in subsection (b), the number of investigations returned by an Inspector General of the In-telligence Community for additional anal-ysis or investigation. (9) In the case of allegations received from employees of contractors, subcontrators, grantees, and subgrantees under section 2409 of title 10, United States Code— (A) the number of allegations received; and (B) the statutory standards applied in the investigation of such allegations. (10) In the case of substantiated allega-tions, the number and percentage of cases in which the department, agency, element, or component concerned took remedial action. (11) The number and types of disciplinary actions taken against persons determined to have committed a prohibited personnel ac-tion. (d) O
UTREACH AND TRAINING .—Each report described in subsection (a) shall also include a description of the telephone hotline out-reach and training events conducted for per-sonnel of the Department of Defense by the Inspector General of the Department of De-fense during the period covered by such re-port. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘prohibited personnel action’’ means the taking or threatening to take an unfavorable personnel action, or the with-holding or threatening to withhold a favor-able personnel action, as a reprisal against an individual for making or preparing to make the following: (A) A lawful communication to a Member of Congress or an Inspector General. (B) A communication to a covered indi-vidual or organization in which the indi-vidual complains of, or discloses information that the individual reasonably believes con-stitutes evidence of, any of the following: (i) A violation of law or regulation, includ-ing a law or regulation prohibiting sexual harassment or unlawful discrimination. (ii) Gross mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safe-ty. (2) The term ‘‘covered individual or organi-zation’’ means any recipient of a commu-nication specified in clauses (i) through (v) of section 1034(b)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code. (3) The term ‘‘unlawful discrimination’’ means discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. 
SA 4435. Mr. GRASSLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1216. SPECIAL IMMIGRANT STATUS FOR CERTAIN AFGHANS. 
(a) A LIENS DESCRIBED .—Section 602(b)(2)(A)(ii)(I) of the Afghan Allies Protec-tion Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(I)(aa) by, or on behalf of, the United States Government, in the case of an alien submitting an application for Chief of Mis-sion approval pursuant to subparagraph (D) before the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017; or ‘‘(bb) in the case of an alien submitting an application for Chief of Mission approval pursuant to subparagraph (D) on or after the date of the enactment of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, in a capacity that required the alien— ‘‘(AA) to serve as an interpreter or trans-lator for personnel of the Department of State or the United States Agency for Inter-national Development in Afghanistan while traveling away from United States embassies or consulates with such personnel; ‘‘(BB) to serve as an interpreter or trans-lator for United States military personnel in Afghanistan while traveling off-base with such personnel; or ‘‘(CC) to perform sensitive and trusted ac-tivities for United States military personnel stationed in Afghanistan; or’’. (b) NUMERICAL LIMITATIONS .—Section 602(b)(3)(F) of such Act is amended by strik-ing ‘‘December 31, 2016;’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017;’’. (c) R
EPORT .—Section 602(b)(14) of such Act is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this para-graph,’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than De-cember 31, 2016, and annually thereafter through January 31, 2021,’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘under this section;’’ and inserting ‘‘under subclause (I) or (II)(bb) of paragraph (2)(A)(ii);’’. 
SA 4436. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. B
LUNT , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. W ICKER , and Ms. A
YOTTE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE ll—VESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT 
SEC. l01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Vessel Inci-dental Discharge Act’’. 
SEC. l02. FINDINGS; PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Since the enactment of the Act to Pre-vent Pollution from Ships (22 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) in 1980, the United States Coast Guard has been the principal Federal authority charged with administering, enforcing, and prescribing regulations relating to the dis-charge of pollutants from vessels engaged in maritime commerce and transportation. (2) The Coast Guard estimates there are approximately 12,000,000 State-registered recreational vessels, 75,000 commercial fish-ing vessels, and 33,000 freight and tank barges operating in United States waters. (3) From 1973 to 2005, certain discharges in-cidental to the normal operation of a vessel were exempted by regulation from otherwise applicable permitting requirements. (4) During the 32 years during which this regulatory exemption was in effect, Congress enacted several statutes to deal with the reg-ulation of discharges incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel, including— (A) the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) in 1980; (B) the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4701 et seq.); (C) the National Invasive Species Act of 1996 (110 Stat. 4073); (D) section 415 of the Coast Guard Author-ization Act of 1998 (112 Stat. 3434) and section 623 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation Act of 2004 (33 U.S.C. 1901 note), which established interim and permanent re-quirements, respectively, for the regulation of vessel discharges of certain bulk cargo residue; (E) title XIV of division B of Appendix D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001 (114 Stat. 2763), which prohibited or limited certain vessel discharges in certain areas of Alaska; (F) section 204 of the Maritime Transpor-tation Security Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 1902a), which established requirements for the regu-lation of vessel discharges of agricultural cargo residue material in the form of hold washings; (G) title X of the Coast Guard Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.), which provided for the implementation of the International Convention on the Control of Harmful Anti-Fouling Systems on Ships, 2001; and (H) the amendment made by section 2 of the Clean Boating Act of 2008 adding sub-section (r) to section 402 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342(r)), which exempts recreational vessels from National Pollutant Discharge Elimi-nation System permit requirements. (b) PURPOSE .—The purpose of this title is to provide for the establishment of nation-ally uniform and environmentally sound standards and requirements for the manage-ment of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel. 
SEC. l03. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. (2) A
QUATIC NUISANCE SPECIES .—The term ‘‘aquatic nuisance species’’ means a non-indigenous species (including a pathogen) that threatens the diversity or abundance of native species or the ecological stability of navigable waters or commercial, agricul-tural, aquacultural, or recreational activi-ties dependent on such waters. (3) B
ALLAST WATER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘ballast water’’ means any water and water-suspended mat-ter taken aboard a vessel— (i) to control or maintain trim, list, draught, stability, or stresses of the vessel; or (ii) during the cleaning, maintenance, or other operation of a ballast water treatment technology of the vessel. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘ballast water’’ does not include any substance that is added to water described in subparagraph (A) that is not directly related to the operation of a properly functioning ballast water treatment technology under this title. (4) B
ALLAST WATER DISCHARGE STANDARD .— The term ‘‘ballast water discharge standard’’ means the numerical ballast water discharge standard set forth in section 151.2030 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations or section 151.1511 of title 33, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as applicable, or a revised numerical ballast water discharge standard established under subsection (a)(1)(B), (b), or (c) of sec-tion l05. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.036 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3462 June 6, 2016 
(5) B ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ; 
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .—The terms ‘‘ballast water management system’’ and ‘‘manage-ment system’’ mean any system, including all ballast water treatment equipment and associated control and monitoring equip-ment, used to process ballast water to kill, remove, render harmless, or avoid the up-take or discharge of organisms. (6) B
IOCIDE .—The term ‘‘biocide’’ means a substance or organism, including a virus or fungus, that is introduced into or produced by a ballast water management system to re-duce or eliminate aquatic nuisance species as part of the process used to comply with a ballast water discharge standard under this title. (7) D
ISCHARGE INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL  
OPERATION OF A VESSEL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a vessel’’ means— (i) a discharge into navigable waters from a vessel of— (I)(aa) ballast water, graywater, bilge water, cooling water, oil water separator ef-fluent, anti-fouling hull coating leachate, boiler or economizer blowdown, byproducts from cathodic protection, controllable pitch propeller and thruster hydraulic fluid, dis-tillation and reverse osmosis brine, elevator pit effluent, firemain system effluent, fresh-water layup effluent, gas turbine wash water, motor gasoline and compensating ef-fluent, refrigeration and air condensate ef-fluent, seawater pumping biofouling preven-tion substances, boat engine wet exhaust, sonar dome effluent, exhaust gas scrubber washwater, or stern tube packing gland ef-fluent; or (bb) any other pollutant associated with the operation of a marine propulsion system, shipboard maneuvering system, habitability system, or installed major equipment, or from a protective, preservative, or absorp-tive application to the hull of a vessel; (II) weather deck runoff, deck wash, aque-ous film forming foam effluent, chain locker effluent, non-oily machinery wastewater, un-derwater ship husbandry effluent, welldeck effluent, or fish hold and fish hold cleaning effluent; or (III) any effluent from a properly func-tioning marine engine; or (ii) a discharge of a pollutant into navi-gable waters in connection with the testing, maintenance, or repair of a system, equip-ment, or engine described in subclause (I)(bb) or (III) of clause (i) whenever the vessel is waterborne. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘discharge in-cidental to the normal operation of a vessel’’ does not include— (i) a discharge into navigable waters from a vessel of— (I) rubbish, trash, garbage, incinerator ash, or other such material discharged overboard; (II) oil or a hazardous substance as those terms are defined in section 311 of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321); (III) sewage as defined in section 312(a)(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(a)(6)); or (IV) graywater referred to in section 312(a)(6) of the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1322(a)(6)); (ii) an emission of an air pollutant result-ing from the operation onboard a vessel of a vessel propulsion system, motor driven equipment, or incinerator; or (iii) a discharge into navigable waters from a vessel when the vessel is operating in a ca-pacity other than as a means of transpor-tation on water. (8) G
EOGRAPHICALLY LIMITED AREA .—The term ‘‘geographically limited area’’ means an area— (A) with a physical limitation, including limitation by physical size and limitation by authorized route such as the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence River, that prevents a ves-sel from operating outside the area, as deter-mined by the Secretary; or (B) that is ecologically homogeneous, as determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the heads of other Federal departments or agencies as the Secretary considers appro-priate. (9) MANUFACTURER .—The term ‘‘manufac-turer’’ means a person engaged in the manu-facture, assemblage, or importation of bal-last water treatment technology. (10) N
AVIGABLE WATERS .—The term ‘‘navi-gable waters’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2.36 of title 33, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (11) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. (12) V
ESSEL .—The term ‘‘vessel’’ means every description of watercraft or other arti-ficial contrivance used, or practically or oth-erwise capable of being used, as a means of transportation on water. 
SEC. l04. REGULATION AND ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall establish, implement, and enforce uniform national standards and requirements for the regulation of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel. (2) B
ASIS.—Except as provided under para-graph (3), the standards and requirements es-tablished under paragraph (1)— (A) with respect to ballast water, shall be based upon the best available technology that is economically achievable; (B) with respect to discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel other than ballast water, shall be based on best manage-ment practices (including practices, limita-tions, or concentrations); and (C) shall supersede any permitting require-ment or prohibition on discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel under any other provision of law. (3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The standards and requirements established under para-graph (1) shall not supersede regulations, in place on the date of the enactment of this Act or established by a rulemaking pro-ceeding after such date of enactment, which cover a discharge in a national marine sanc-tuary or in a marine national monument. (b) A
DMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT .— The Secretary shall administer and enforce the uniform national standards and require-ments under this title. Each State may en-force the uniform national standards and re-quirements under this title. (c) S
ANCTIONS .— (1) C
IVIL PENALTIES .— (A) B
ALLAST WATER .—Any person who vio-lates a regulation issued pursuant to this title regarding a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel of ballast water shall be liable for a civil penalty in an amount not to exceed $25,000. Each day of a continuing violation constitutes a separate violation. (B) O
THER DISCHARGE .—Any person who violates a regulation issued pursuant to this title regarding a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel other than bal-last water shall be liable for a civil penalty in an amount not to exceed $10,000. Each day of a continuing violation constitutes a sepa-rate violation. (C) I
N REM LIABILITY .—A vessel operated in violation of a regulation issued under this title shall be liable in rem for any civil pen-alty assessed under this subsection for that violation. (2) CRIMINAL PENALTIES .— (A) B
ALLAST WATER .—Any person who knowingly violates a regulation issued pur-suant to this title regarding a discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a vessel of ballast water shall be punished by a fine of not more than $100,000, imprisonment for not more than 2 years, or both. (B) O
THER DISCHARGE .—Any person who knowingly violates a regulation issued pur-suant to this title regarding a discharge inci-dental to the normal operation of a vessel other than ballast water shall be punished by a fine of not more than $50,000, imprisonment for not more than 1 year, or both. (3) R
EVOCATION OF CLEARANCE .—The Sec- retary is authorized to withhold or revoke the clearance of a vessel required under sec-tion 60105 of title 46, United States Code, if the owner or operator of the vessel is in vio-lation of a regulation issued pursuant to this Act. (4) E
XCEPTION TO SANCTIONS .—It shall be an affirmative defense to any charge of a viola-tion of this title that compliance with this title would, because of adverse weather, equipment failure, or any other relevant con-dition, have threatened the safety or sta-bility of a vessel, its crew, or its passengers. 
SEC. l05. UNIFORM NATIONAL STANDARDS AND REQUIREMENTS FOR THE REGULA-TION OF DISCHARGES INCIDENTAL TO THE NORMAL OPERATION OF A VESSEL. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .— (1) B
ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the requirements set forth in the final rule, Standards for Living Organisms in Ships’ Ballast Water Dis-charged in U.S. Waters (77 Fed. Reg. 17254 (March 23, 2012), as corrected at 77 Fed. Reg. 33969 (June 8, 2012)), shall be the manage-ment requirements for a ballast water dis-charge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel until the Secretary revises the bal-last water discharge standard under sub-section (b) or adopts a more stringent stand-ard under subparagraph (B). (B) A
DOPTION OF MORE STRINGENT STAND -
ARD.—If the Secretary makes a determina-tion in favor of a State petition under sec-tion 610, the Secretary shall adopt the more stringent ballast water discharge standard specified in the statute or regulation that is the subject of that State petition instead of the ballast water discharge standard in the final rule described under subparagraph (A). (2) I
NITIAL MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENTS FOR  
DISCHARGES OTHER THAN BALLAST WATER .— Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, shall issue a final rule establishing best management practices for discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel other than bal-last water. (b) R
EVISED BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE  S
TANDARD ; 8-Y EARREVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the feasibility review under paragraph (2), not later than January 1, 2024, the Secretary, in consulta-tion with the Administrator, shall issue a final rule revising the ballast water dis-charge standard under subsection (a)(1) so that a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel will con-tain— (A) less than 1 organism that is living or has not been rendered harmless per 10 cubic meters that is 50 or more micrometers in minimum dimension; (B) less than 1 organism that is living or has not been rendered harmless per 10 milli-liters that is less than 50 micrometers in minimum dimension and more than 10 mi-crometers in minimum dimension; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.039 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3463 June 6, 2016 
(C) concentrations of indicator microbes that are less than— (i) 1 colony-forming unit of toxicogenic Vibrio cholera (serotypes O1 and O139) per 100 milliliters or less than 1 colony-forming unit of that microbe per gram of wet weight of zoological samples; (ii) 126 colony-forming units of Escherichia coli per 100 milliliters; and (iii) 33 colony-forming units of intestinal enterococci per 100 milliliters; and (D) concentrations of such additional indi-cator microbes and of viruses as may be specified in regulations issued by the Sec-retary in consultation with the Adminis-trator and such other Federal agencies as the Secretary and the Administrator con-sider appropriate. (2) F
EASIBILITY REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not less than 2 years be-fore January 1, 2024, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, shall com-plete a review to determine the feasibility of achieving the revised ballast water discharge standard under paragraph (1). (B) C
RITERIA FOR REVIEW OF BALLAST WATER  
DISCHARGE STANDARD .—In conducting a re-view under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall consider whether revising the ballast water discharge standard will result in a sci-entifically demonstrable and substantial re-duction in the risk of introduction or estab-lishment of aquatic nuisance species, taking into account— (i) improvements in the scientific under-standing of biological and ecological proc-esses that lead to the introduction or estab-lishment of aquatic nuisance species; (ii) improvements in ballast water manage-ment systems, including— (I) the capability of such management sys-tems to achieve a revised ballast water dis-charge standard; (II) the effectiveness and reliability of such management systems in the shipboard envi-ronment; (III) the compatibility of such manage-ment systems with the design and operation of a vessel by class, type, and size; (IV) the commercial availability of such management systems; and (V) the safety of such management sys-tems; (iii) improvements in the capabilities to detect, quantify, and assess the viability of aquatic nuisance species at the concentra-tions under consideration; (iv) the impact of ballast water manage-ment systems on water quality; and (v) the costs, cost-effectiveness, and im-pacts of— (I) a revised ballast water discharge stand-ard, including the potential impacts on ship-ping, trade, and other uses of the aquatic en-vironment; and (II) maintaining the existing ballast water discharge standard, including the potential impacts on water-related infrastructure, recreation, propagation of native fish, shell-fish, and wildlife, and other uses of navigable waters. (C) L
OWER REVISED DISCHARGE STANDARD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, deter-mines on the basis of the feasibility review and after an opportunity for a public hearing that no ballast water management system can be certified under section l06 to comply with the revised ballast water discharge standard under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall require the use of the management sys-tem that achieves the performance levels of the best available technology that is eco-nomically achievable. (ii) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—If the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator, determines that the management sys-tem under clause (i) cannot be implemented before the implementation deadline under paragraph (3) with respect to a class of ves-sels, the Secretary shall extend the imple-mentation deadline for that class of vessels for not more than 36 months. (iii) COMPLIANCE .—If the implementation deadline under paragraph (3) is extended, the Secretary shall recommend action to ensure compliance with the extended implementa-tion deadline under clause (ii). (D) H
IGHER REVISED DISCHARGE STANDARD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, deter-mines that a ballast water management sys-tem exists that exceeds the revised ballast water discharge standard under paragraph (1) with respect to a class of vessels and is the best available technology that is economi-cally achievable, the Secretary shall revise the ballast water discharge standard for that class of vessels to incorporate the higher dis-charge standard. (ii) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—If the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator, determines that the management sys-tem under clause (i) can be implemented be-fore the implementation deadline under paragraph (3) with respect to a class of ves-sels, the Secretary shall accelerate the im-plementation deadline for that class of ves-sels. If the implementation deadline under paragraph (3) is accelerated, the Secretary shall provide not less than 24 months notice before the accelerated deadline takes effect. (3) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—The re- vised ballast water discharge standard under paragraph (1) shall apply to a vessel begin-ning on the date of the first drydocking of the vessel on or after January 1, 2024, but not later than December 31, 2026. (4) R
EVISED DISCHARGE STANDARD COMPLI -
ANCE DEADLINES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may estab-lish a compliance deadline for compliance by a vessel (or a class, type, or size of vessel) with a revised ballast water discharge stand-ard under this subsection. (B) P
ROCESS FOR GRANTING EXTENSIONS .—In issuing regulations under this subsection, the Secretary shall establish a process for an owner or operator to submit a petition to the Secretary for an extension of a compliance deadline with respect to the vessel of the owner or operator. (C) P
ERIOD OF EXTENSIONS .—An extension issued under subparagraph (B) may be for a period of not to exceed 18 months from the date of the applicable deadline under sub-paragraph (A) and may be renewed for addi-tional periods of not to exceed 18 months each, except that the total period of exten-sion may not exceed 5 years. (D) F
ACTORS .—In issuing a compliance deadline or reviewing a petition under this paragraph, the Secretary shall consider, with respect to the ability of an owner or operator to meet a compliance deadline, the following factors: (i) Whether the management system to be installed is available in sufficient quantities to meet the compliance deadline. (ii) Whether there is sufficient shipyard or other installation facility capacity. (iii) Whether there is sufficient avail-ability of engineering and design resources. (iv) Vessel characteristics, such as engine room size, layout, or a lack of installed pip-ing. (v) Electric power generating capacity aboard the vessel. (vi) Safety of the vessel and crew. (vii) Any other factors the Secretary con-siders appropriate, including the availability of a ballast water reception facility or other means of managing ballast water. (E) C
ONSIDERATION OF PETITIONS .— (i) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary shall approve or deny a petition for an extension of a compliance deadline submitted by an owner or operator under this paragraph. (ii) DEADLINE .—If the Secretary does not approve or deny a petition referred to in clause (i) on or before the last day of the 90- day period beginning on the date of submis-sion of the petition, the petition shall be deemed approved. (c) F
UTURE REVISIONS OF VESSEL INCI-
DENTAL DISCHARGE STANDARDS ; DECENNIAL  R
EVIEWS .— (1) R
EVISED BALLAST WATER DISCHARGE  
STANDARDS .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall complete a re-view, 10 years after the issuance of a final rule under subsection (b) and every 10 years thereafter, to determine whether further re-vision of the ballast water discharge stand-ard would result in a scientifically demon-strable and substantial reduction in the risk of the introduction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species. (2) R
EVISED STANDARDS FOR DISCHARGES  
OTHER THAN BALLAST WATER .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, may include in a decennial review under this sub-section best management practices for dis-charges (including practices, limitations, or concentrations) covered by subsection (a)(2). The Secretary shall initiate a rulemaking to revise 1 or more best management practices for such discharges after a decennial review if the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, determines that revising 1 or more of such practices would substantially reduce the impacts on navigable waters of discharges incidental to the normal oper-ation of a vessel other than ballast water. (3) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting a re-view under paragraph (1), the Secretary, the Administrator, and the heads of other Fed-eral agencies as the Secretary considers ap-propriate, shall consider the criteria under section l05(b)(2)(B). (4) R
EVISION AFTER DECENNIAL REVIEW .— The Secretary shall initiate a rulemaking to revise the current ballast water discharge standard after a decennial review if the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator, determines that revising the current ballast water discharge standard would re-sult in a scientifically demonstrable and sub-stantial reduction in the risk of the intro-duction or establishment of aquatic nuisance species. (d) A
LTERNATIVE BALLAST WATER MANAGE -
MENT REQUIREMENTS .—Nothing in this title may be construed to preclude the Secretary from authorizing the use of alternate means or methods of managing ballast water (in-cluding flow-through exchange, empty/refill exchange, and transfer to treatment facili-ties in place of a vessel ballast water man-agement system required under this section) if the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, determines that such means or methods would not pose a greater risk of introduction of aquatic nuisance species in navigable waters than the use of a ballast water management system that achieves the applicable ballast water discharge standard. (e) G
REAT LAKES REQUIREMENTS .—In addi- tion to the other standards and requirements imposed by this section, in the case of a ves-sel that enters the Great Lakes through the St. Lawrence River after operating outside the exclusive economic zone of the United States the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall establish a require-ment that the vessel conduct saltwater flushing of all ballast water tanks onboard prior to entry. 
SEC. l06. TREATMENT TECHNOLOGY CERTIFI-CATION. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—No manufac-turer of a ballast water management system shall sell, offer for sale, or introduce or de-liver for introduction into interstate com-merce, or import into the United States for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.039 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3464 June 6, 2016 
sale or resale, a ballast water management system for a vessel unless it has been cer-tified under this section. (b) C
ERTIFICATION PROCESS .— (1) E
VALUATION .—Upon application of a manufacturer, the Secretary shall evaluate a ballast water management system with re-spect to— (A) the effectiveness of the management system in achieving the current ballast water discharge standard when installed on a vessel (or a class, type, or size of vessel); (B) the compatibility with vessel design and operations; (C) the effect of the management system on vessel safety; (D) the impact on the environment; (E) the cost effectiveness; and (F) any other criteria the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (2) A
PPROVAL .—If after an evaluation under paragraph (1) the Secretary determines that the management system meets the criteria, the Secretary may certify the management system for use on a vessel (or a class, type, or size of vessel). (3) S
USPENSION AND REVOCATION .—The Sec- retary shall establish, by regulation, a proc-ess to suspend or revoke a certification issued under this section. (c) C
ERTIFICATION CONDITIONS .— (1) I
MPOSITION OF CONDITIONS .—In certi- fying a ballast water management system under this section, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, may im-pose any condition on the subsequent instal-lation, use, or maintenance of the manage-ment system onboard a vessel as is necessary for— (A) the safety of the vessel, the crew of the vessel, and any passengers aboard the vessel; (B) the protection of the environment; or (C) the effective operation of the manage-ment system. (2) F
AILURE TO COMPLY .—The failure of an owner or operator to comply with a condi-tion imposed under paragraph (1) shall be considered a violation of this section. (d) P
ERIOD FOR USE OF INSTALLED TREAT -
MENT EQUIPMENT .—Notwithstanding any-thing to the contrary in this title or any other provision of law, the Secretary shall allow a vessel on which a management sys-tem is installed and operated to meet a bal-last water discharge standard under this title to continue to use that system, not-withstanding any revision of a ballast water discharge standard occurring after the man-agement system is ordered or installed until the expiration of the service life of the man-agement system, as determined by the Sec-retary, if the management system— (1) is maintained in proper working condi-tion, as determined by the Secretary; and (2) continues to meet the discharge stand-ard in effect at the time of installation. (e) C
ERTIFICATES OF TYPE APPROVAL FOR  
THETREATMENT TECHNOLOGY .— (1) I
SSUANCE .—If the Secretary approves a ballast water management system for cer-tification under subsection (b), the Secretary shall issue a certificate of type approval for the management system to the manufac-turer in such form and manner as the Sec-retary determines appropriate. (2) C
ERTIFICATION CONDITIONS .—A certifi-cate of type approval issued under paragraph (1) shall specify each condition imposed by the Secretary under subsection (c). (3) O
WNERS AND OPERATORS .—A manufac-turer that receives a certificate of type ap-proval for the management system under this subsection shall provide a copy of the certificate to each owner and operator of a vessel on which the management system is installed. (f) I
NSPECTIONS .—An owner or operator who receives a copy of a certificate under sub-section (e)(3) shall retain a copy of the cer-tificate onboard the vessel and make the copy of the certificate available for inspec-tion at all times while the owner or operator is utilizing the management system. (g) BIOCIDES .—The Secretary may not ap-prove a ballast water management system under subsection (b) if— (1) it uses a biocide or generates a biocide that is a pesticide, as defined in section 2 of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136), unless the biocide is registered under that Act or the Secretary, in consultation with Adminis-trator, has approved the use of the biocide in such management system; or (2) it uses or generates a biocide the dis-charge of which causes or contributes to a violation of a water quality standard under section 303 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1313). (h) P
ROHIBITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the use of a ballast water management system by an owner or operator of a vessel shall not satisfy the requirements of this title unless it has been approved by the Secretary under subsection (b). (2) E
XCEPTIONS .— (A) C
OAST GUARD SHIPBOARD TECHNOLOGY  
EVALUATION PROGRAM .—An owner or operator may use a ballast water management system that has not been certified by the Secretary to comply with the requirements of this sec-tion if the technology is being evaluated under the Coast Guard Shipboard Tech-nology Evaluation Program. (B) B
ALLAST WATER MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS  
CERTIFIED BY FOREIGN ENTITIES .—An owner or operator may use a ballast water manage-ment system that has not been certified by the Secretary to comply with the require-ments of this section if the management sys-tem has been certified by a foreign entity and the certification demonstrates perform-ance and safety of the management system equivalent to the requirements of this sec-tion, as determined by the Secretary. (i) T
ESTING PROTOCOLS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall issue requirements for land-based and shipboard testing protocols or criteria for— (1) certifying the performance of each bal-last water management system under this section; and (2) certifying laboratories to evaluate such treatment technologies. 
SEC. l07. EXEMPTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No permit shall be re-quired or prohibition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any standards regarding a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel under this title apply to— (1) a discharge incidental to the normal op-eration of a vessel if the vessel is less than 79 feet in length and engaged in commercial service (as such term is defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code); (2) a discharge incidental to the normal op-eration of a vessel if the vessel is a fishing vessel, including a fish processing vessel and a fish tender vessel (as such term is defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code); (3) a discharge incidental to the normal op-eration of a vessel if the vessel is a rec-reational vessel (as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code); (4) the placement, release, or discharge of equipment, devices, or other material from a vessel for the sole purpose of conducting re-search on the aquatic environment or its natural resources in accordance with gen-erally recognized scientific methods, prin-ciples, or techniques; (5) any discharge into navigable waters from a vessel authorized by an on-scene coor-dinator in accordance with part 300 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, or part 153 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations; (6) any discharge into navigable waters from a vessel that is necessary to secure the safety of the vessel or human life, or to sup-press a fire onboard the vessel or at a shore-side facility; or (7) a vessel of the armed forces of a foreign nation when engaged in noncommercial serv-ice. (b) BALLAST WATER DISCHARGES .—No per- mit shall be required or prohibition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any ballast water discharge standard under this title apply to— (1) a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel determined by the Secretary to— (A) operate exclusively within a geographi-cally limited area; (B) take up and discharge ballast water ex-clusively within 1 Captain of the Port Zone established by the Coast Guard unless the Secretary determines such discharge poses a substantial risk of introduction or establish-ment of an aquatic nuisance species; (C) operate pursuant to a geographic re-striction issued as a condition under section 3309 of title 46, United States Code, or an equivalent restriction issued by the country of registration of the vessel; or (D) continuously take on and discharge ballast water in a flow-through system that does not introduce aquatic nuisance species into navigable waters; (2) a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel consisting entirely of water suitable for human con-sumption; or (3) a ballast water discharge incidental to the normal operation of a vessel in an alter-native compliance program established pur-suant to section l08. (c) V
ESSELS WITH PERMANENT BALLAST  W
ATER .—No permit shall be required or pro-hibition enforced under any other provision of law for, nor shall any ballast water per-formance standard under this title apply to, a vessel that carries all of its permanent bal-last water in sealed tanks that are not sub-ject to discharge. (d) V
ESSELS OF THE ARMED FORCES .—Noth- ing in this title may be construed to apply to— (1) a vessel owned or operated by the De-partment of Defense (other than a time-char-tered or voyage-chartered vessel); or (2) a vessel of the Coast Guard, as des-ignated by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. 
SEC. l08. ALTERNATIVE COMPLIANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Administrator, may pro-mulgate regulations establishing 1 or more compliance programs as an alternative to ballast water management regulations issued under section l05 for a vessel that— (1) has a maximum ballast water capacity of less than 8 cubic meters; or (2) is less than 3 years from the end of the useful life of the vessel, as determined by the Secretary. (b) R
ULEMAKING .— (1) F
ACILITY STANDARDS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary, shall promulgate standards for— (A) the reception of ballast water from a vessel into a reception facility; and (B) the disposal or treatment of the ballast water under paragraph (1). (2) T
RANSFER STANDARDS .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.039 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3465 June 6, 2016 
authorized to promulgate standards for the arrangements necessary on a vessel to trans-fer ballast water to a facility. 
SEC. l09. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An interested person may file a petition for review of a final regulation promulgated under this title in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. (b) D
EADLINE .—A petition shall be filed not later than 120 days after the date that notice of the promulgation appears in the Federal Register. (c) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), a petition that is based solely on grounds that arise after the deadline to file a petition under subsection (b) has passed may be filed not later than 120 days after the date that the grounds first arise. 
SEC. l10. EFFECT ON STATE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No State or political sub-division thereof may adopt or enforce any statute or regulation of the State or polit-ical subdivision with respect to a discharge incidental to the normal operation of a ves-sel after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Governor of a State may petition the Secretary to adopt a national ballast water discharge standard that is more stringent than the ballast water per-formance standard under section ll05(a)(1)(A) upon a showing that— (1) compliance with the proposed ballast water discharge standard can in fact be achieved and detected by a ballast water management system that is economically achievable and operationally practicable; (2) the proposed ballast water discharge standard is consistent with obligations under relevant international treaties or agree-ments to which the United States is a party; and (3) any other factors that the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, deems relevant. (c) P
ETITION PROCESS .— (1) S
UBMISSION .—The Governor of a State shall submit a petition to the Secretary re-questing the Secretary to review the statute or regulation. (2) C
ONTENTS ; TIMING .—A petition sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall be accom-panied by the scientific and technical infor-mation on which the petition is based. (3) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary shall make a determination on a petition under this subsection not later than 90 days after the date that the Secretary determines that a complete petition has been received. 
SEC. l11. APPLICATION WITH OTHER STATUTES. 
(a) E XCLUSIVE STATUTORY AUTHORITY .—Ex- cept as otherwise provided in this section and notwithstanding any other provision of law, this title shall be the exclusive statu-tory authority for regulation by the Federal Government of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel to which this title applies. (b) E
FFECT OF EXISTING REGULATIONS .—Ex- cept as provided under section l05(a)(1)(A), any regulation in effect on the date imme-diately preceding the effective date of this Act relating to any permitting requirement for or prohibition on discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel to which this title applies— (1) shall be deemed to be a regulation issued pursuant to the authority of this title; and (2) shall remain in full force and effect un-less or until superseded by new regulations issued under this title. (c) A
CT TO PREVENT POLLUTION FROM S
HIPS.—The Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) shall be the ex-clusive statutory authority for the regula-tion by the Federal Government of any dis-charge or emission that is covered under the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships, 1973, as modified by the Protocol of 1978, done at London Feb-ruary 17, 1978. Nothing in this title may be construed to alter or amend such Act or any regulation issued pursuant to the authority of such Act. (d) TITLE X OF THE COAST GUARD AND MARI-
TIME TRANSPORTATION ACT OF 2010.—Title X of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation Act of 2010 (33 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.) shall be the exclusive statutory authority for the regulation by the Federal Government of any anti-fouling system that is covered under the International Convention on the Control of Harmful Anti-Fouling Systems on Ships, 2001. Nothing in this title may be con-strued to alter or amend such title X or any regulation issued pursuant to the authority under such title. 
SEC. l12. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS. 
Section 1205 of the Nonindigenous Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 4725) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘All actions’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), all actions’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) V
ESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGES .—Not- withstanding subsection (a), the Vessel Inci-dental Discharge Act shall be the exclusive statutory authority for the regulation by the Federal Government of discharges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel.’’. 
SEC. l13. SAVINGS PROVISION. 
Any action taken by the Federal Govern-ment under this Act shall be in full compli-ance with its obligations under applicable provisions of international law. 
SA 4437. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. RECONSIDERATION OF CLAIMS FOR DISABILITY COMPENSATION FOR VETERANS WHO WERE THE SUB-JECTS OF MUSTARD GAS OR LEW-ISITE EXPERIMENTS DURING WORLD WAR II. 
(a) R ECONSIDERATION OF CLAIMS FOR DIS-
ABILITY COMPENSATION IN CONNECTION WITH E
XPOSURE TO MUSTARD GAS OR LEWISITE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall reconsider all claims for compensation described in paragraph (2) and make a new determination regarding each such claim. (2) C
LAIMS FOR COMPENSATION DESCRIBED .— Claims for compensation described in this paragraph are claims for compensation under chapter 11 of title 38, United States Code, that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs deter-mines are in connection with exposure to mustard gas or lewisite during active mili-tary, naval, or air service during World War II and that were denied before the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) P
RESUMPTION OF EXPOSURE .—In carrying out paragraph (1), if the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs or the Secretary of Defense makes a determination regarding whether a veteran experienced full-body exposure to mustard gas or lewisite, such Secretary— (A) shall presume that the veteran experi-enced full-body exposure to mustard gas or lewisite, as the case may be, unless proven otherwise; and (B) may not use information contained in the DoD and VA Chemical Biological War-fare Database or any list of known testing sites for mustard gas or lewisite maintained by the Department of Veterans Affairs or the Department of Defense as the sole reason for determining that the veteran did not experi-ence full-body exposure to mustard gas or lewisite. (4) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report specifying any claims reconsidered under paragraph (1) that were denied during the 90-day period preceding the submittal of the report, including the ration-ale for each such denial. (b) D
EVELOPMENT OF POLICY .—Not later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense shall jointly establish a policy for processing fu-ture claims for compensation under chapter 11 of title 38, United States Code, that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines are in connection with exposure to mustard gas or lewisite during active military, naval, or air service during World War II. (c) I
NVESTIGATION AND REPORT BY SEC-
RETARY OF DEFENSE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) for purposes of determining whether a site should be added to the list of the Depart-ment of Defense of sites where mustard gas or lewisite testing occurred, investigate and assess sites where— (A) the Army Corps of Engineers has un-covered evidence of mustard gas or lewisite testing; or (B) more than two veterans have submitted claims for compensation under chapter 11 of title 38, United States Code, in connection with exposure to mustard gas or lewisite at such site and such claims were denied; and (2) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on experiments con-ducted by the Department of Defense during World War II to assess the effects of mustard gas and lewisite on people, which shall in-clude— (A) a list of each location where such an experiment occurred, including locations in-vestigated and assessed under paragraph (1); (B) the dates of each such experiment; and (C) the number of members of the Armed Forces who were exposed to mustard gas or lewisite in each such experiment. (d) I
NVESTIGATION AND REPORT BY SEC-
RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— (1) investigate and assess— (A) the actions taken by the Secretary to reach out to individuals who had been ex-posed to mustard gas or lewisite in the ex-periments described in subsection (c)(2)(A); and (B) the claims for disability compensation under laws administered by the Secretary that were filed with the Secretary and the percentage of such claims that were denied by the Secretary; and (2) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress— (A) a report on the findings of the Sec-retary with respect to the investigations and assessments carried out under paragraph (1); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.039 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3466 June 6, 2016 
(B) a comprehensive list of each location where an experiment described in subsection (c)(2)(A) was conducted. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The terms ‘‘active military, naval, or air service’’, ‘‘veteran’’, and ‘‘World War II’’ have the meanings given such terms in sec-tion 101 of title 38, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Special Committee on Aging of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (3) The term ‘‘full-body exposure’’, with re-spect to mustard gas or lewisite, has the meaning given that term by the Secretary of Defense. 
SA 4438. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. C ARDIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 899C. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELATED TO PUBLIC-PRIVATE COM-PETITIONS FOR CONVERSIONS OF FEDERAL EMPLOYEE FUNCTIONS TO PERFORMANCE BY CONTRACTORS AND MODIFICATION OF DATA COL-LECTIONS REQUIREMENTS APPLICA-BLE TO CONTRACTED SERVICES. 
Section 806 (relating to public private com-petitions) and section 820 (relating to modi-fication of data collection requirements ap-plicable to procurement of services) shall have no force or effect. 
SA 4439. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1277. SUNSET OF AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF MILITARY FORCE. 
The Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) shall terminate on December 31, 2017. 
SA 4440. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. EXTENSION OF SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITY SELF- DETERMINATION PROGRAM. 
(a) S ECURE PAYMENTS FOR STATES AND  C
OUNTIES CONTAINING FEDERAL LAND.— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 3(11) of the Se-cure Rural Schools and Community Self-De-termination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7102) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2012 and each fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2012 through 2015’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘year.’’ and inserting ‘‘year; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018, the amount that is equal to the full funding amount for fiscal year 2011.’’. (2) C
ALCULATION OF PAYMENTS .—Section 101 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7111) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ each place it appears in subsections (a) and (b) and inserting ‘‘2018’’. (3) E
LECTIONS .—Section 102(b) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(b)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Au-gust 1, 2013 (or as soon thereafter as the Sec-retary concerned determines is practicable), and August 1 of each second fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘August 1 of each fiscal year (or a later date specified by the Secretary concerned for the fiscal year)’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) P
AYMENT FOR FISCAL YEARS 2016  
THROUGH 2018 .—A county election otherwise required by subparagraph (A) shall not apply for fiscal years 2016 through 2018 if the coun-ty elects to receive a share of the State pay-ment or the county payment in 2013.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or any subsequent year’’ after ‘‘2013’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. (4) E
LECTION AS TO USE OF BALANCE .—Sec- tion 102(d)(1) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(d)(1)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘not more than 7 percent of the total share for the eligible county of the State payment or the county payment’’ and inserting ‘‘any portion of the balance’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(C) C
OUNTIES WITH MAJOR DISTRIBUTIONS .— In the case of each eligible county to which $350,000 or more is distributed for any fiscal year pursuant to either or both of para-graphs (1)(B) and (2)(B) of subsection (a), the eligible county shall elect to do 1 or more of the following with the balance of any funds not expended pursuant to subparagraph (A): ‘‘(i) Reserve any portion of the balance for projects in accordance with title II. ‘‘(ii) Reserve not more than 7 percent of the total share for the eligible county of the State payment or the county payment for projects in accordance with title III. ‘‘(iii) Return to the Treasury of the United States the portion of the balance not re-served under clauses (i) and (ii).’’. (5) F
AILURE TO ELECT .—Section 102(d)(3)(B)(ii) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(d)(3)(B)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘purpose described in section 202(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘purposes described in section 202(b), section 203(c), or section 204(a)(5)’’. (6) DISTRIBUTION OF PAYMENTS TO ELIGIBLE  
COUNTIES .—Section 103(d)(2) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7113(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. (b) C
ONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TOCON-
DUCT SPECIAL PROJECTS ON FEDERAL LAND.— (1) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—Section 204(e) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self- Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7124(e)) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (2) A
VAILABILITY OF PROJECT FUNDS .—Sec- tion 207(d)(2) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7127(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (B)(i)’’. (3) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 208 of the Secure Rural Schools and Commu-nity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7128) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. (c) C
ONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TOUSE C
OUNTY FUNDS .— (1) F
UNDING FOR SEARCH AND RESCUE .—Sec- tion 302(a) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7142(a)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) to reimburse the participating county or sheriff for amounts paid for by the partici-pating county or sheriff, as applicable, for— ‘‘(A) search and rescue and other emer-gency services, including firefighting and law enforcement patrols, that are performed on Federal land; and ‘‘(B) emergency response vehicles or air-craft but only in the amount attributable to the use of the vehicles or aircraft to provide the services described in subparagraph (A);’’; (B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) to cover training costs and equipment purchases directly related to the emergency services described in paragraph (2); and’’. (2) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 304 of the Secure Rural Schools and Commu-nity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7144) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. (d) N
OREDUCTION IN PAYMENT .—Title IV of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7151 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 404. NO REDUCTION IN PAYMENTS. 
‘‘Payments under this Act for fiscal years 2016 through 2018 shall be exempt from direct spending reductions under section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a).’’. (e) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .— (1) T
ITLE II FUNDS .—Any funds that were not obligated by September 30, 2014, as re-quired by section 208 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7128) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10; 129 Stat. 87)) shall be available for use in accordance with title II of the Secure Rural Schools and Com-munity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7121 et seq.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.040 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3467 June 6, 2016 
(2) T ITLE III FUNDS .—Any funds that were not obligated by September 30, 2014, as re-quired by section 304 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7144) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10; 129 Stat. 87)) shall be available for use in accordance with title III of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7141 et seq.). 
SEC. 1098. RESTORING MANDATORY FUNDING STATUS TO THE PAYMENT IN LIEU OF TAXES PROGRAM. 
Section 6906 of title 31, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘of fiscal years 2008 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year’’. 
SA 4441. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 536, insert the following: 
SEC. 536A. INDEXING AND PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF DECISIONS AND OTHER DOCU-MENTS IN CONNECTION WITH AC-TIONS OF BOARDS FOR THE COR-RECTION OF MILITARY RECORDS. 
Section 1552(a) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 536(a)(1) of this Act, is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph (4): ‘‘(4)(A) The record of the votes of each board under this section, and all other state-ments of findings, conclusions, and rec-ommendations made on final determinations of applications by such board, shall be in-dexed and promptly made available for pub-lic inspection. Any such matters after No-vember 1, 1996, shall also be available through an Internet website of the Depart-ment or other electronic means. ‘‘(B) Any documents made available for public inspection pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be indexed in a usable and concise form so as to enable the public to identify cases similar in issue together with the cir-cumstances under or reasons for which the board concerned granted or denied relief. Each index shall be published quarterly, and shall be available for public inspection and distribution by sale through an Internet Reading Room or other Internet website of the Department. ‘‘(C)(i) To the extent necessary to prevent a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy, the following shall be deleted from documents made available for public inspec-tion pursuant to subparagraph (A): ‘‘(I) Identifying details of applicants and other persons. ‘‘(II) Names, addresses, social security numbers, and military service numbers. ‘‘(III) Subject to clause (ii), other informa-tion that is privileged or classified. ‘‘(ii) Information that is privileged or clas-sified may be deleted pursuant to clause (i) from documents made available for public inspection pursuant to subparagraph (A) only if a written statement of the basis for such deletion is made available for public in-spection. ‘‘(D) In a manner consistent with section 552a of title 5 (commonly referred to as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’), a board under this sec-tion may not disclosure to a third party any information in or about an application to the board under this section except pursuant to the written authorization of the applicant or as otherwise authorized by law.’’. SA 4442. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. DESIGNATION OF LIU XIAOBO PLAZA. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF PLAZA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The area between the intersections of International Drive, North-west and Van Ness Street, Northwest and International Drive, Northwest and Inter-national Place, Northwest in Washington, District of Columbia, shall be known and designated as ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the area referred to in paragraph (1) shall be deemed to be a reference to Liu Xiaobo Plaza. (b) D
ESIGNATION OF ADDRESS .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The address of 3505 Inter-national Place, Northwest, Washington, Dis-trict of Columbia, shall be redesignated as 1 Liu Xiaobo Plaza. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the address re-ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be deemed to be a reference to 1 Liu Xiaobo Plaza. (c) S
IGNS.—The Administrator of General Services shall construct street signs that shall— (1) contain the phrase ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’; (2) be similar in design to the signs used by Washington, District of Columbia, to des-ignate the location of Metro stations; and (3) be placed on— (A) the parcel of Federal property that is closest to 1 Liu Xiaobo Plaza (as redesig-nated by subsection (b)); and (B) the street corners of International Drive, Northwest and Van Ness Street, Northwest and International Drive, North-west and International Place, Northwest, Washington, District of Columbia. 
SA 4443. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 3121 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3121. ROUGH ESTIMATE OF TOTAL LIFE CYCLE COST OF TANK WASTE CLEANUP AT HANFORD NUCLEAR RESERVATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees, including the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Subcommittee on En-ergy and Water Development, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives, a rough estimate of the total life cycle cost of the cleanup of tank waste at Hanford Nu-clear Reservation, Richland, Washington. (b) ELEMENTS .—The rough estimate of the total life cycle cost required by subsection (a) shall include cost estimates for the fol-lowing: (1) The Waste Treatment and Immobiliza-tion Plant, assuming a hot start occurs in 2033 and initial plant operations commence in 2036. (2) Operations of the Waste Treatment and Immobilization Plant, assuming operations continue through 2061. (3) Tank waste management and treat-ment, assuming operations of the Waste Treatment and Immobilization Plant con-tinue through 2061. (4) Anticipated increases in the volume of waste in the double shell tanks resulting from tank waste management activities. (5) High-level waste canister temporary storage and preparation for permanent dis-posal. (6) Any additional facilities, including ad-ditional evaporative capacity, that may be needed to treat tank waste at Hanford Nu-clear Reservation. (c) C
OSTESTIMATING BESTPRACTICES .—To the maximum extent practicable, the rough estimate of the total life cycle cost required by subsection (a) shall be developed in ac-cordance with the cost estimating best prac-tices of the Government Accountability Of-fice. (d) S
UBMISSION OF ADDITIONAL INDEPENDENT  C
OSTESTIMATES .—The Secretary shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees described in subsection (a), as part of the rough estimate of the total life cycle cost re-quired by that subsection, any other inde-pendent cost estimates for the Waste Treat-ment and Immobilization Plant or related facilities conducted before the date on which the rough estimate of the total life cycle cost is required to be submitted under that subsection. 
SA 4444. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 3122 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 3122. ANALYSIS OF APPROACHES FOR SUP-PLEMENTAL TREATMENT OF LOW- ACTIVITY WASTE AT HANFORD NU-CLEAR RESERVATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall enter into an arrangement with a federally funded re-search and development center to conduct an analysis of approaches for treating the por-tion of low-activity waste at the Hanford Nu-clear Reservation, Richland, Washington, that, as of such date of enactment, is in-tended for supplemental treatment. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The analysis required by subsection (a) shall include the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.040 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3468 June 6, 2016 
(1) An analysis of, at a minimum, the fol-lowing approaches for treating the low-activ-ity waste described in subsection (a): (A) Further processing of the low-activity waste to remove long-lived radioactive con-stituents, particularly technetium-99 and io-dine-129, for immobilization with high-level waste. (B) Vitrification, grouting, and steam re-forming, and other alternative approaches identified by the Department of Energy for immobilizing the low-activity waste. (2) An analysis of the following: (A) The risks of the approaches described in paragraph (1) relating to treatment and final disposition. (B) The benefits and costs of such ap-proaches. (C) Anticipated schedules for such ap-proaches, including the time needed to com-plete necessary construction and to begin treatment operations. (D) The compliance of such approaches with applicable technical standards associ-ated with and contained in regulations pre-scribed pursuant to the Comprehensive Envi-ronmental Response, Compensation, and Li-ability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976’’), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Clean Water Act’’), and the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.). (E) Any obstacles that would inhibit the ability of the Department of Energy to pur-sue such approaches. (c) R
EVIEW OF ANALYSIS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Concurrent with entering into an arrangement with a federally funded research and development center under sub-section (a), the Secretary of Energy shall enter into an arrangement with the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine to conduct a review of the analysis conducted by the federally funded research and development center. (2) M
ETHOD OF REVIEW .—The review re-quired by paragraph (1) shall be conducted concurrent with the analysis required by subsection (a), and in a manner that is par-allel to that analysis, so that the results of the review may be used to improve the qual-ity of the analysis. (3) P
UBLIC REVIEW .—The review required paragraph (1) shall include an opportunity for public comment, with sufficient notice, to inform and improve the quality of the re-view. (d) C
ONSULTATION WITHSTATE .—Prior to the submission in accordance with sub-section (e)(2) of the analysis required by sub-section (a) and the review of the analysis re-quired by subsection (c), the federally funded research and development center and the Na-tional Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine shall provide to the State of Washington— (1) the analysis and review in draft form; and (2) an opportunity to comment on the anal-ysis and review for a period of not fewer than 60 days. (e) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— (1) B
RIEFINGS ON PROGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of Energy shall provide to the con-gressional defense committees, including the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Subcommittee on En-ergy and Water Development, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives, a briefing on the progress being made on the analysis required by subsection (a) and the review required by subsection (c). (2) COMPLETED ANALYSIS AND REVIEW .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the congressional defense committees described in paragraph (1) the analysis required by subsection (a), the re-view of the analysis required by subsection (c), any comments of the State of Wash-ington under subsection (d)(2), and any com-ments of the Secretary of Energy on the analysis or review of the analysis. (f) L
IMITATIONS .— (1) S
ECRETARY OF ENERGY .—This section does not conflict with or impair the obliga-tion of the Secretary of Energy to comply with any requirement of— (A) the amended consent decree in Wash-ington v. Moniz, No. 2:08-CV-5085-RMP (E.D. Wash.); or (B) the Hanford Federal Facility Agree-ment and Consent Order. (2) S
TATE OF WASHINGTON .—This section does not conflict with or impair the regu-latory authority of the State of Washington under the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.) (commonly known as the ‘‘Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976’’) and any corresponding State law. 
SA 4445. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 590. AWARD OF MEDALS OR OTHER COM-MENDATIONS TO HANDLERS OF MILITARY WORKING DOGS AND MILI-TARY WORKING DOGS. 
(a) P ROGRAM OF AWARD REQUIRED .—Each Secretary of a military department shall carry out a program to provide for the award of one or more medals or other commenda-tions to handlers of military working dogs, and to military working dogs, under the ju-risdiction of such Secretary to recognize valor or meritorious achievement by such handlers and dogs. (b) M
EDAL AND COMMENDATIONS .—Any medal or commendation awarded pursuant to a program under subsection (a) shall be of such design, and include such elements, as the Secretary of the military department concerned shall specify. (c) R
EGULATIONS .—Medals and commenda-tions shall be awarded under programs under subsection (a) in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this section. 
SA 4446. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: SEC. 565 PROPRIETARY INSTITUTIONS OF HIGH-ER EDUCATION. 
(a) D EFINITION .—Section 102(b) of the High-er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) meets the requirements of paragraph (2).’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) R
EVENUE SOURCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In order to qualify as a proprietary institution of higher education under this subsection, an institution shall derive not less than 15 percent of the institu-tion’s revenues from sources other than Fed-eral funds, as calculated in accordance with subparagraphs (B) and (C). ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL FUNDS .—In this paragraph, the term ‘Federal funds’ means any Federal financial assistance provided, under this Act or any other Federal law, through a grant, contract, subsidy, loan, guarantee, insur-ance, or other means to a proprietary insti-tution, including Federal financial assist-ance that is disbursed or delivered to an in-stitution or on behalf of a student or to a student to be used to attend the institution, except that such term shall not include any monthly housing stipend provided under the Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Program under chapter 33 of title 38, United States Code. ‘‘(C) I
MPLEMENTATION OF NON -FEDERAL REV -
ENUE REQUIREMENT .—In making calculations under subparagraph (A), an institution of higher education shall— ‘‘(i) use the cash basis of accounting; ‘‘(ii) consider as revenue only those funds generated by the institution from— ‘‘(I) tuition, fees, and other institutional charges for students enrolled in programs el-igible for assistance under title IV; ‘‘(II) activities conducted by the institu-tion that are necessary for the education and training of the institution’s students, if such activities are— ‘‘(aa) conducted on campus or at a facility under the control of the institution; ‘‘(bb) performed under the supervision of a member of the institution’s faculty; and ‘‘(cc) required to be performed by all stu-dents in a specific educational program at the institution; and ‘‘(III) a contractual arrangement with a Federal agency for the purpose of providing job training to low-income individuals who are in need of such training; ‘‘(iii) presume that any Federal funds that are disbursed or delivered to an institution on behalf of a student or directly to a stu-dent will be used to pay the student’s tui-tion, fees, or other institutional charges, re-gardless of whether the institution credits such funds to the student’s account or pays such funds directly to the student, except to the extent that the student’s tuition, fees, or other institutional charges are satisfied by— ‘‘(I) grant funds provided by an outside source that— ‘‘(aa) has no affiliation with the institu-tion; and ‘‘(bb) shares no employees with the institu-tion; and ‘‘(II) institutional scholarships described in clause (v); ‘‘(iv) include no loans made by an institu-tion of higher education as revenue to the school, except for payments made by stu-dents on such loans; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.041 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3469 June 6, 2016 
‘‘(v) include a scholarship provided by the institution— ‘‘(I) only if the scholarship is in the form of monetary aid based upon the academic achievements or financial need of students, disbursed to qualified student recipients dur-ing each fiscal year from an established re-stricted account; and ‘‘(II) only to the extent that funds in that account represent designated funds, or in-come earned on such funds, from an outside source that— ‘‘(aa) has no affiliation with the institu-tion; and ‘‘(bb) shares no employees with the institu-tion; and ‘‘(vi) exclude from revenues— ‘‘(I) the amount of funds the institution re-ceived under part C of title IV, unless the in-stitution used those funds to pay a student’s institutional charges; ‘‘(II) the amount of funds the institution received under subpart 4 of part A of title IV; ‘‘(III) the amount of funds provided by the institution as matching funds for any Fed-eral program; ‘‘(IV) the amount of Federal funds provided to the institution to pay institutional charges for a student that were refunded or returned; and ‘‘(V) the amount charged for books, sup-plies, and equipment, unless the institution includes that amount as tuition, fees, or other institutional charges. ‘‘(D) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than July 1, 2016, and by July 1 of each succeeding year, the Secretary shall submit to the au-thorizing committees a report that contains, for each proprietary institution of higher education that receives assistance under title IV and as provided in the audited finan-cial statements submitted to the Secretary by each institution pursuant to the require-ments of section 487(c)— ‘‘(i) the amount and percentage of such in-stitution’s revenues received from Federal funds; and ‘‘(ii) the amount and percentage of such in-stitution’s revenues received from other sources.’’. (b) P
ROGRAM PARTICIPATION AGREEMENTS .— Section 487 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1094) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (24); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (25) through (29) as paragraphs (24) through (28), respectively; (C) in paragraph (24)(A)(ii) (as redesignated by subparagraph (B)), by striking ‘‘sub-section (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and (D) in paragraph (26) (as redesignated by subparagraph (B)), by striking ‘‘subsection (h)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (g)’’; (2) by striking subsection (d); (3) by redesignating subsections (e) through (j) as subsections (d) through (i), re-spectively; (4) in subsection (f)(1) (as redesignated by paragraph (3)), by striking ‘‘subsection (e)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(2)’’; and (5) in subsection (g)(1) (as redesignated by paragraph (3)), by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(27)’’ in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(26)’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 152 (20 U.S.C. 1019a)— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘subsections (a)(27) and (h) of section 487’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(26) and (g) of section 487’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(1)(B)(i)(I), by striking ‘‘section 487(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 487(d)’’; (2) in section 153(c)(3) (20 U.S.C. 1019b(c)(3)), by striking ‘‘section 487(a)(25)’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘section 487(a)(24)’’; (3) in section 496(c)(3)(A) (20 U.S.C. 1099b(c)(3)(A)), by striking ‘‘section 487(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 487(e)’’; and (4) in section 498(k)(1) (20 U.S.C. 1099c(k)(1)), by striking ‘‘section 487(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 487(e)’’. SA 4447. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , and Mr. L EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 2943, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1097. CONSEQUENCES FOR SUPPORTING TERRORISM. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Expatriate Terrorist Act’’. (b) L
OSS OF NATIONALITY DUE TO SUPPORT  
OFTERRORISM .—Section 349(a) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1481(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—A person who is a na-tional of the United States whether by birth or naturalization, shall lose his or her na-tionality by voluntarily performing any of the following acts with the intention of re-linquishing United States nationality: ‘‘(1) Obtaining naturalization in a foreign state upon his or her own application or upon an application filed by a duly author-ized agent, after having attained 18 years of age. ‘‘(2) Taking an oath or making an affirma-tion or other formal declaration of alle-giance to a foreign state, a political subdivi-sion thereof, or a foreign terrorist organiza-tion designated under section 219, after hav-ing attained 18 years of age. ‘‘(3) Entering, or serving in, the armed forces of a foreign state or a foreign terrorist organization designated under section 219 if— ‘‘(A) such armed forces are engaged in hos-tilities against the United States; or ‘‘(B) such persons serve as a commissioned or noncommissioned officer. ‘‘(4) Accepting, serving in, or performing the duties of any office, post, or employment under the government of a foreign state, a political subdivision thereof, or a foreign terrorist organization designated under sec-tion 219 if, after having attained 18 years of age— ‘‘(A) the person knowingly has or acquires the nationality of such foreign state; or ‘‘(B) an oath, affirmation, or declaration of allegiance to the foreign state, a political subdivision thereof, or a designated foreign terrorist organization is required for such of-fice, post, or employment. ‘‘(5) Making a formal renunciation of United States nationality before a diplo-matic or consular officer of the United States in a foreign state, in such form as may be prescribed by the Secretary of State. ‘‘(6) Making in the United States a formal written renunciation of nationality in such form as may be prescribed by, and before such officer as may be designated by, the At-torney General, whenever the United States shall be in a state of war and the Attorney General shall approve such renunciation as not contrary to the interests of national de-fense. ‘‘(7)(A) Committing any act of treason against, or attempting by force to over-throw, or bearing arms against, the United States; ‘‘(B) violating or conspiring to violate any of the provisions of section 2383 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(C) willfully performing any act in viola-tion of section 2385 of title 18, United States Code; or ‘‘(D) violating section 2384 of such title by engaging in a conspiracy to overthrow, put down, or to destroy by force the Government of the United States, or to levy war against them, if and when such person is convicted thereof by a court martial or by a court of com-petent jurisdiction. ‘‘(8) Knowingly providing material support or resources (as defined in section 2339A(b) of title 18, United States Code) to any foreign terrorist organization designated under sec-tion 219 if such person knows that such orga-nization is engaged in hostilities against the United States.’’. (c) REVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASSPORTS  
AND PASSPORT CARDS TO INDIVIDUALS WHO A
REMEMBERS OF FOREIGN TERRORIST ORGA-
NIZATIONS .—The Act entitled ‘‘An Act to reg-ulate the issue and validity of passports, and for other purposes’’, approved July 3, 1926 (22 U.S.C. 211a et seq.), which is commonly known as the ‘‘Passport Act of 1926’’, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4. AUTHORITY TO DENY OR REVOKE PASS-PORT AND PASSPORT CARD. 
‘‘(a) I NELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
SSUANCE .—The Secretary of State shall not issue a passport or passport card to any individual whom the Secretary has de-termined, by a preponderance of the evi-dence— ‘‘(A) is serving in, or is attempting to serve in, an organization designated by the Sec-retary as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); and ‘‘(B) is a threat to the national security in-terest of the United States. ‘‘(2) R
EVOCATION .—The Secretary of State shall revoke a passport or passport card pre-viously issued to any individual described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) R
IGHT OF REVIEW .—Any person who, in accordance with this section, is denied issuance of a passport or passport card by the Secretary of State, or whose passport or passport card is revoked or otherwise re-stricted by the Secretary of State, may re-quest a due process hearing, under regula-tions prescribed by the Secretary, not later than 60 days after receiving such notice of the nonissuance, revocation, or restriction. ‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL SECURITY WAIVER .—Not- withstanding subsection (a), the Secretary may— ‘‘(1) issue a passport or passport card to an individual described in subsection (a)(1); or ‘‘(2) refuse to revoke a passport or passport card of an individual described in subsection (a)(1), if the Secretary finds that such issuance or refusal to revoke is in the na-tional security interest of the United States.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 351(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1483(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘(3) and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(3), (5), and (8)’’. f 
NOTICE OF INTENT TO OBJECT TO PROCEEDING ON MAY 26, 2016 I, Senator J
OHN BOOZMAN , intend to object to proceeding to the nomination of Jane Toshiko Nishida, to be an As-sistant Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency; dated May 25, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:57 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.041 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3470 June 6, 2016 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that Scott Fletcher, a Government Accountability Office detailee to the Senate Armed Forces Committee, have floor privileges dur-ing the consideration of S. 2943, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2017. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Kimberly Knackstedt, a fellow in Senator M
UR-
RAY’s Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee office, be granted the privileges of the floor for the re-mainder of this Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Beau Diers and Lauren Fish, defense legislative fellows in the office of Senator C
OTTON , be granted the privilege of the floor during consideration of S. 2943, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Elizabeth Jo-seph, a Health Policy Fellow in the of-fice of Senator C
OCHRAN , be granted the privilege of the floor for the re-mainder of the 114th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider en bloc the following nomina-tions: Calendar Nos. 506 and 507 only, with no other executive business in order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomina-tions en bloc. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nominations of Jennifer Choe Groves, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Inter-national Trade; and Gary Stephen Katzmann, of Massachusetts, to be a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nominations en bloc. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today the Senate is considering the nominations of Gary Katzmann of Massachusetts and Jennifer Choe Groves of Virginia to fill judicial vacancies on the U.S. Court of International Trade. It is a step in the right direction that the ma-jority leader has agreed to take these nominations, but two other nominees to the Court of International Trade re-main pending on the Senate floor. There is no good reason we cannot also confirm these nominees today. I support the confirmation of both highly qualified nominees. Since 2004, Gary Katzmann has served as an Asso-ciate Justice of the Massachusetts Ap-peals Court, the State’s second highest court. Before joining the bench, Justice Katzmann served for over 20 years as an Assistant U.S. Attorney for the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of Massachusetts. In addition to his su-perb credentials, Justice Katzmann’s family is part of our Nation’s history of providing refuge to those fleeing per-secution. Justice Katzmann’s father and grandmother came to the U.S. as refugees from Nazi Germany. Jennifer Choe Groves has over 20 years of legal experience working in private practice and the government, having served in the New York District Attorney’s Office and in the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative. When confirmed, Ms. Groves will be the first Asian American and Pacific Islander judge to serve on the U.S. Court of International Trade. While the Senate is taking up these nominees today, the majority leader has allowed just 18 judicial nominees to be confirmed since Republicans took over the Senate majority last year. Contrast this dismal record to the last 2 years of George W. Bush’s adminis-tration, when Democrats were in con-trol. At this same point in the Bush Presidency, Democrats confirmed 68 of President Bush’s judicial nominees. Senate Republicans have allowed only a trickle of judicial confirmations despite the fact that, under their watch, judicial vacancies have nearly doubled from 43 to 85. Of these, 29 have been designated as judicial emer-gencies where caseloads are unmanageably high and the adminis-tration of justice is strained. The harm that Republican obstruc-tion has wrought on our Federal courts extends from the trial courts across America to our Nation’s highest court. Today marks 82 days since Chief Judge Merrick Garland was first nominated to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court. Under the Senate’s recent timeline for considering judicial nominees, Chief Judge Garland should have received a hearing and a vote by now. Instead, Senate Republicans have continued as their party standard bearer has said to ‘‘delay, delay, delay.’’ This has resulted in a diminished eight-member Supreme Court that has been repeatedly unable to serve its highest function under our Constitution. It is the Senate’s duty to ensure our independent judiciary can fully func-tion. I hope Senate Republicans under-stand that obligation and act on Chief Judge Garland’s nomination, as well as the 22 judicial nominations that will still remain languishing on the Senate floor after today. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the nomi-nations. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Hearing no further debate, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Groves and Katzmann nominations en bloc? The nominations were confirmed en bloc. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE TAKING OF A PHOTOGRAPH IN THE SENATE CHAMBER Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 484, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 484) authorizing the taking of a photograph in the Senate Cham-ber. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 484) was agreed to. (The resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORIZING APPOINTMENT OF ESCORT COMMITTEE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Presi-dent of the Senate be authorized to ap-point a committee on the part of the Senate to join with a like committee on the part of the House of Representa-tives to escort His Excellency Narendra Modi into the House Chamber for the joint meeting at 11 a.m. on Wednesday, June 8, 2016. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 7; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.012 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3471 June 6, 2016 
remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of S. 2943; further, that the Sen-ate recess from 12:30 p.m. to 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-ings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:06 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, June 7, 2016, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
STATE JUSTICE INSTITUTE  
DANIEL J. BECKER, OF UTAH, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE STATE JUSTICE INSTI-TUTE FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 17, 2016. (RE-APPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
CHRISTOPHER E. O’CONNOR, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (CONGRES-SIONAL AND LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS), VICE JOAN M. EVANS, RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JEFFREY L. HARRIGIAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be general 
LT. GEN. TOD D. WOLTERS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. STAYCE D. HARRIS 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. GWENDOLYN BINGHAM 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. MICHAEL M. GILDAY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. COLIN J. KILRAIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS CHIEF OF NAVY RESERVE AND APPOINTMENT IN THE NAVY RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE AS-SIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSI-BILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 5143: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. LUKE M. MCCOLLUM 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS ASSISTANT COMMANDANT OF THE MARINE CORPS IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS, AND APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSI-TION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 5044: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. GLENN M. WALTERS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. GARY L. THOMAS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. LEWIS A. CRAPAROTTA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOSEPH L. OSTERMAN 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OFFI-CER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TION 531: 
To be major 
LISA A. SELTMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
ANDREW M. FOSTER ANTHONY P. GADDI 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
RONALD D. HARDIN, JR. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate June 6, 2016: 
THE JUDICIARY  
JENNIFER CHOE GROVES, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF INTERNATIONAL TRADE. GARY STEPHEN KATZMANN, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE A JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF INTER-NATIONAL TRADE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:14 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.039 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE825 June 6, 2016 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, June 7, 2016 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 8 Time to be announced Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship Business meeting to consider S. 2992, to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management of the Small Business Ad-ministration, and S. 3009, to support entrepreneurs serving in the National Guard and Reserve. TBA 10 a.m. Committee on Finance Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Charles P. Blahous, III, and Robert D. Reischauer, both of Mary-land, both to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Supple-mentary Medical Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years, a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-ance Trust Fund, and a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hos-pital Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years. SD–215 2:15 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy To hold hearings to examine U.S. sanc-tions policy in Sub-Saharan Africa; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the nominations of Geeta Pasi, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Chad, Anne S. Casper, of Nevada, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Burundi, and Mary Beth Leonard, of Massachusetts, to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the African Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador. SD–419 Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 2417, to amend the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act to allow the Indian Health Service to cover the cost of a copay-ment of an Indian or Alaska Native veteran receiving medical care or serv-ices from the Department of Veterans Affairs, and S. 2916, to provide that the pueblo of Santa Clara may lease for 99 years certain restricted land; to be im-mediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine improving inter-agency forest management to strength-en tribal capabilities for responding to and preventing wildfires, including S. 3014, to improve the management of In-dian forest land. SD–628 2:30 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine implemen-tation of the FAST Act. SR–253 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and the Na-tional Interest To hold hearings to examine the H–2B Temporary Foreign Worker Program, focusing on examining the effects on Americans’ job opportunities and wages. SD–226 JUNE 9 9:30 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine implica-tions of the Supreme Court stay of the Clean Power Plan. SD–406 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as re-nunciation of United States nation-ality, S. 356, to improve the provisions relating to the privacy of electronic communications, S. 2944, to require adequate reporting on the Public Safe-ty Officers’ Benefit program, and the nominations of Donald Karl Schott, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Steph-anie A. Finley, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Claude J. Kelly III, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and Winfield D. Ong, of Indiana, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Indiana. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’. SD–106 10:45 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine the use of agency regulatory guidance. SD–342 2 p.m. Committee on Rules and Administration Business meeting to consider the nomi-nation of Carla D. Hayden, of Mary-land, to be Librarian of Congress for a term of ten years. S–219 Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 JUNE 14 3 p.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Man-agement, and Regulatory Oversight To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s progress in implementing Inspec-tor General and Government Account-ability Office recommendations. SD–406 JUNE 15 10 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine America’s insatiable demand for drugs, focusing on examining solutions. SD–342 JUNE 21 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the semi-annual monetary policy report to the Congress. SH–216 JULY 13 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine a review of the Department of Veterans Affairs’ electronic health record (VistA), progress toward interoperability with the Department of Defense’s electronic health record, and plans for the future. SD–124 
POSTPONEMENTS 
JUNE 9 10:30 a.m. Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine small busi-ness survival amidst flood insurance rate increases. SR–428A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M06JN8.000 E06JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D607 Monday, June 6, 2016 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3391–S3471 Measures Introduced: Eight bills and three resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3017–3024, and S. Res. 482–484.
                                                       Page S3411 
Measures Reported: S. 3017, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for intelligence and intelligence-related activi-ties of the United States Government, the Commu-nity Management Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System. 
                                                                                            Page S3411 
Measures Passed: Authorizing Taking of a Photograph in Senate Chamber: Senate agreed to S. Res. 484, authorizing the taking of a photograph in the Senate Chamber. 
                                                                                            Page S3470 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: Senate began consideration of S. 2943, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, after agreeing to the motion to proceed, and taking action on the fol-lowing amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                               Page S3397–S3408 
Adopted: By a unanimous vote of 91 yeas (Vote No. 89), McCain (for Fischer) Amendment No. 4206, to modify the requirement that the Secretary of Defense implement measures to maintain the critical wartime medical readiness skills and core competencies of health care providers within the Armed Forces. 
                                                                             Pages S3397–S3405 
Pending: McCain Amendment No. 4229, to address un-funded priorities of the Armed Forces.
           Page S3405 A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, June 7, 2016. 
                                                                                    Pages S3470–71 
Joint Meeting Escort Committee—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the President of the Senate be authorized to ap-point a committee on the part of the Senate to join with a like committee on the part of the House of Representatives to escort His Excellency Narendra Modi, into the House Chamber for the joint meeting at 11 a.m., on Wednesday, June 8, 2016.
    Page S3470 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: Jennifer Choe Groves, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade. Gary Stephen Katzmann, of Massachusetts, to be a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade.
                                                               Pages S3470, S3471 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Daniel J. Becker, of Utah, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the State Justice Institute for a term expiring September 17, 2016. Christopher E. O’Connor, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs (Congressional and Legislative Affairs). 3 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 4 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-eral. 3 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, and Army. 
                                                                                            Page S3471 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S3410–11 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S3411 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S3411 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3411–14 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN6.REC D06JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD608 June 6, 2016 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3414–15 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3409–10 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S3415–69 
Notices of Intent:                                                    Page S3469 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3470 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—89)
                                                                   Page S3405 Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:06 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, June 7, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3470–71.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 7, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies, business meeting to mark-up an original bill entitled, ‘‘Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine bank capital and liquidity regu-lation, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub- committee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regu-latory Oversight, to hold an oversight hearing to examine Environmental Protection Agency’s unfunded mandates on state, local, and tribal governments, 2:30 p.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine Russian violations of borders, treaties, and human rights, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine frustrated travelers, focusing on rethinking Transportation Security Administration op-erations to improve passenger screening and address threats to aviation, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine deadly synthetic drugs, 10 a.m., SD–226. Subcommittee on the Constitution, with the Sub-committee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine S. 2763, to provide the victims of Holocaust-era persecution and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art con-fiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis, 1 p.m., SD–106. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Susan S. Gibson, of Virginia, to be Inspector General of the National Reconnaissance Office, Department of Defense, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, markup on H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Strengthening Pub-lic Health Emergency Response Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 921, the ‘‘Sports Medicine Licensure Clarity Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘International Antitrust Enforcement: China and Be-yond’’, 4 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 4775, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Implementation Act of 2016’’; H. Con. Res. 89, expressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax would be detrimental to the United States economy; and H. Con. Res. 112, expressing the sense of Congress opposing the President’s proposed $10 tax on every barrel of oil, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘VA and Aca-demic Affiliations: Who Benefits?’’, 4:15 p.m., 334 Can-non. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN6.REC D06JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D609 June 6, 2016 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of June 7 through June 10, 2016 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, at approximately 10 a.m., Senate will continue consideration of S. 2943, National Defense Authorization Act. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: June 7, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. June 9, Full Committee, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Labor, Health and Human Serv-ices, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: June 7, to hold hearings to examine bank capital and liquidity regulation, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: June 8, to hold hearings to examine implementation of the FAST Act, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: June 7, Sub-committee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regu-latory Oversight, to hold an oversight hearing to examine Environmental Protection Agency’s unfunded mandates on state, local, and tribal governments, 2:30 p.m., SD–406. June 9, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine implications of the Supreme Court stay of the Clean Power Plan, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: June 8, business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Charles P. Blahous III, and Rob-ert D. Reischauer, both of Maryland, both to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years, a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old- Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund, and a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: June 7, to hold hearings to examine Russian violations of borders, treaties, and human rights, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. June 8, Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy, to hold hearings to examine U.S. sanctions policy in Sub-Saharan Africa; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the nominations of Geeta Pasi, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Chad, Anne S. Casper, of Nevada, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Burundi, and Mary Beth Leonard, of Massachu-setts, to be Representative of the United States of Amer-ica to the African Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: June 7, to hold hearings to examine frustrated travelers, focusing on rethinking Transportation Security Adminis-tration operations to improve passenger screening and ad-dress threats to aviation, 10 a.m., SD–342. June 9, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-eral Management, to hold hearings to examine the use of agency regulatory guidance, 10:45 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: June 8, business meeting to consider S. 2417, to amend the Indian Health Care Im-provement Act to allow the Indian Health Service to cover the cost of a copayment of an Indian or Alaska Na-tive veteran receiving medical care or services from the Department of Veterans Affairs, and S. 2916, to provide that the pueblo of Santa Clara may lease for 99 years cer-tain restricted land; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine improving interagency for-est management to strengthen tribal capabilities for re-sponding to and preventing wildfires, including S. 3014, to improve the management of Indian forest land, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: June 7, to hold hearings to examine deadly synthetic drugs, 10 a.m., SD–226. June 7, Subcommittee on the Constitution, with the Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine S. 2763, to provide the victims of Holocaust-era persecu-tion and their heirs a fair opportunity to recover works of art confiscated or misappropriated by the Nazis, 1 p.m., SD–106. June 8, Subcommittee on Immigration and the Na-tional Interest, to hold hearings to examine the H–2B Temporary Foreign Worker Program, focusing on exam-ining the effects on Americans’ job opportunities and wages, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. June 9, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, S. 356, to improve the provisions relating to the privacy of electronic communications, S. 2944, to require adequate reporting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefit program, and the nominations of Donald Karl Schott, of Wis-consin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Stephanie A. Finley, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Lou-isiana, Claude J. Kelly III, of Louisiana, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana, and Winfield D. Ong, of Indiana, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Rules and Administration: June 9, business meeting to consider the nomination of Carla D. Hayden, of Maryland, to be Librarian of Congress for a term of ten years, 2 p.m., S–219, Capitol. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: June 8, business meeting to consider S. 2992, to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management of the Small Business Administration, and S. 3009, to support entrepreneurs serving in the National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN6.REC D06JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD610 June 6, 2016 Guard and Reserve, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. Select Committee on Intelligence: June 7, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Susan S. Gibson, of Vir-ginia, to be Inspector General of the National Reconnais-sance Office, Department of Defense, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. June 9, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, June 9, Subcommittee on Homeland Security, markup on the Homeland Security Appropriations Bill, FY 2017, 9 a.m., 2358–A Rayburn. June 9, Full Committee, markup on the Financial Serv-ices and General Government Appropriations Bill for FY 2017; and Report on the Revised Interim Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2017, 10 a.m., 2359 Ray-burn. Committee on Armed Services, June 9, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities; and Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Stopping the Money Flow: The War on Terror Finance’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, June 9, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Congressional Budgeting: The Need To Control Automatic Spending and Unauthorized Pro-grams’’, 9:30 a.m., 210 Cannon. Committee on Education and the Workforce, June 9, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Administration’s Over-time Rule and Its Consequences for Workers, Students, Nonprofits, and Small Businesses’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Ray-burn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, June 8, Sub-committee on Health, markup on H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Strengthening Public Health Emergency Response Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 921, the ‘‘Sports Medicine Licensure Clarity Act of 2015’’ (continued), 2 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. June 8, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, markup on the ‘‘FTC Process and Trans-parency Reform Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5111, the ‘‘Con-sumer Review Fairness Act’’; H.R. 5092, the ‘‘Rein-forcing American Made Products Act’’; and H.R. 5104, the ‘‘Better Online Ticket Sales Act’’, 5 p.m., 2123 Ray-burn. June 9, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade, markup on the ‘‘FTC Process and Trans-parency Reform Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5111, the ‘‘Con-sumer Review Fairness Act’’; H.R. 5092, the ‘‘Rein-forcing American Made Products Act’’; and H.R. 5104, the ‘‘Better Online Ticket Sales Act’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. June 10, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing Patient Solutions for Lower Costs and Better Care’’, 9:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. June 10, Subcommittee on Energy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘Home Appliance Energy Efficiency Standards Under the Department of Energy—Stakeholder Perspec-tives’’, 9:30 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, June 8, Task Force to In-vestigate Terrorism Financing, hearing entitled ‘‘The Enemy in Our Backyard: Examining Terror Funding Streams from South America’’, 9 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, June 9, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of Low Oil Prices on Energy Security in the Americas’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. June 9, Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerg-ing Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the President’s FY 2017 Budget Proposal Europe and Eurasia’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. June 9, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Glob-al Human Rights, and International Organizations, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Leveraging U.S. Funds: The Stunning Glob-al Impact of Nutrition and Supplements During the First 1,000 Days’’, 2 p.m., 2255 Rayburn. June 9, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Sri Lanka’s Democratic Transition: A New Era for the U.S.-Sri Lanka Relationship’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Ray-burn. Committee on Homeland Security, June 8, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5064, the ‘‘Improving Small Business Cyber Security Act of 2016’’; H.R. 5253, the ‘‘Strong Visa Integrity Secures America Act’’; the ‘‘Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection Agency Act of 2016’’; the ‘‘Support for Rapid Innovation Act of 2016’’; the ‘‘Leveraging Emerging Technologies Act of 2016’’; the ‘‘Gains in Global Nuclear Detection Architecture Act’’; and the ‘‘Quadrennial Homeland Security Review Tech-nical Correction Act of 2016’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. Committee on the Judiciary, June 8, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4768, the ‘‘Separation of Powers Res-toration Act of 2016’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, June 9, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Census 2020: Exam-ining the Readiness of Key Aspects of the Census Bu-reau’s 2020 Census Preparation’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. June 9, Subcommittee on Government Operations; and Subcommittee on the Interior, joint hearing entitled ‘‘SNAP: Examining Efforts to Combat Fraud and Improve Program Integrity’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. June 10, Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Subcommittee on Government Operations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘18F and U.S. Digital Service Over-sight’’, 9:30 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, June 8, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 5278, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act’’; and H.R. 5325, the ‘‘Legis-lative Branch Appropriations Act, 2017’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, June 8, Sub-committee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Private Sector Weather Forecasting: Assessing Products and Technologies’’, 9:30 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, June 9, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax and Capital Access, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Bearing the Burden: Over-regulation’s Impact on Small Banks and Rural Communities’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, June 8, Subcommittee on Health, hearing on Member proposals to improve and sustain the Medicare program, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN6.REC D06JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D611 June 6, 2016 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 70 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 216 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
SECOND SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 4 through May 31, 2016 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 72 66 . . Time in session ................................... 411 hrs., 25 ′ 316 hrs., 55′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 3,387 3,458 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 818 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 25 23 48 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... 3 3 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 193 275 468 Senate bills .................................. 35 28 . . House bills .................................. 36 189 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . House joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 4 4 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 7 11 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 109 41 . . Measures reported, total ...................... * 142 * 216 358 Senate bills .................................. 104 3 . . House bills .................................. 20 177 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 4 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 18 31 . . Special reports ..................................... 6 . . . . Conference reports ............................... 1 . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 308 66 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 738 1,301 2,039 Bills ............................................. 580 1,066 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 5 15 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 14 29 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 139 191 . . Quorum calls ....................................... . . 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 88 124 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 143 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... 1 1 . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 4 through May 31, 2016 
Civilian nominations, totaling 280 (including 181 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 47 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 223 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 10 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 956 (including 97 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 668 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 287 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 Air Force nominations, totaling 3,797 (including 181 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,725 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 72 Army nominations, totaling 4,256 (including 1,740 nominations car-ried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 4,127 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 129 Navy nominations, totaling 845 (including 5 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 159 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 685 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,240 (including 3 nominations carried over from the First Session), disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,228 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 12 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 2,207 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 9,167 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 9,954 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 1,408 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 12 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D06JN6.REC D06JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD612 June 6, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 7 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of S. 2943, National Defense Authorization Act. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, June 7 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: The House is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, June 7, 2016. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jun 07, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06JN6.REC D06JNPT1smartinez on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST