Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5197 Vol. 162 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JULY 15, 2016 No. 115 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, July 18, 2016, at 2:30 p.m. 
Senate 
FRIDAY , JULY15, 2016 
The Senate met at 11:30 and 1 second a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TUESDAY, JULY 19, 2016, AT 1 P.M. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 1 p.m. on Tuesday, July 19, 2016. Thereupon, the Senate, at 11:30 and 10 seconds a.m., adjourned until Tuesday, July 19, 2016, at 1 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Jul 15, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15JY6.000 S15JYPT1srobinson on DSK5SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1139 July 15, 2016 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, on July 6, 2016 through July 8, 2016, I was unable to vote on Roll Call votes 357 through 400. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Roll Call 357—No, Roll Call 358—No, Roll Call 359—No, Roll Call 360—No, Roll Call 361— No, Roll Call 362—No, Roll Call 363—No, Roll Call 364—No, Roll Call 365—No, Roll Call 366—No, Roll Call 367—No, Roll Call 368— No, Roll Call 369—No, Roll Call 370—No, Roll Call 371—Yes, Roll Call 372—Yes, Roll Call 373—No, Roll Call 374—No, Roll Call 375— Yes, Roll Call 376—Yes, Roll Call 377—No, Roll Call 378—No, Roll Call 379—Yes, Roll Call 380—Yes, Roll Call 381—Yes, Roll Call 382—Yes, Roll Call 383—Yes, Roll Call 384— Yes, Roll Call 385—Yes, Roll Call 386—Yes, Roll Call 387—Yes, Roll Call 388—Yes, Roll Call 389—Yes, Roll Call 390—Yes, Roll Call 391—Yes, Roll Call 392—Yes, Roll Call 393— No, Roll Call 394—No, Roll Call 395—Yes, Roll Call 396—Yes, Roll Call 397—No, Roll Call 398—Yes, Roll Call 399—Yes, Roll Call 400—Yes. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE IN AMERICA: STOPPING THE BLOODSHED 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I am shocked and devastated by the multiple, tragic deaths occurring across our country. The most recent senseless deaths of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile at the hands of police and the equally senseless killing of five Dallas police officers were all completely avoidable and intolerable. Words alone cannot describe my heart-break—nor can words alone bring resolve. Mr. Speaker, our resolve should be real so-lutions to stop the bloodshed. Enough is enough—the American people are fed up, Congressional Democrats are fed up, the Congressional Black Caucus is fed up, and I am fed up. Republican Leadership should immediately bring to the floor: 1. The Public Safety and Second Amend-ment Rights Protection Act, H.R. 1217, which would expand the existing background check system to cover all commercial firearm sales. 2. Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dan-gerous Terrorists Act, H.R. 1076, also known as ‘‘No Fly, No Buy,’’ which would allow the FBI to block gun sales to people on the ter-rorist watch list. 3. Background Check Completion Act, H.R. 3051, which would require that a background check be completed before any gun sale pro-ceeds, and 4. Hate Crimes Prevention Act, H.R. 4603, which would ban the sale of firearms to those convicted of assaulting someone based on their race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, or disability. Mr. Speaker, we continue to mourn the loss of lives in Newtown, Aurora, Charleston, Or-lando, and so many others. Last month, House Democrats, led by our CBC colleague and iconic civil rights leader Congressman JOHN LEWIS from the 5th district of Georgia, held a 26-hour sit-in on the Floor of the House of Representatives to demand House Republican Leaders hold a vote on leg-islation to address gun violence. Mr. Speaker, after this sit-in, voters will not be silent. Americans across the country are coming together and organizing. In my district, I led a conference call with di-verse leaders, activists, elected officials, reli-gious and civic organizations, businesses and individuals in Central Ohio to discuss paving the way forward to curb gun violence and to unite our community. Mr. Speaker, we’re not asking for a lot—we are simply asking to save lives. Mr. Speaker, what will it take? Our former colleague, U.S. House Rep-resentative Gabrielle Gifford, resigned due to being gun downed while trying to represent her constituents to the fullest. In the words of Martin Luther King Jr., ‘‘We are now faced with the fact that tomorrow is today. We are confronted with the fierce ur-gency of now.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is time you heed those words. Our nation is in an urgent crisis, yet, we re-main trapped in Congressional inaction. 
f 
HONORING SENATOR LOIS WOLK 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Senator Lois Wolk upon her retirement from the California State Sen-ate. Senator Wolk has lived in Davis, California since 1978, and began her career in public service in 1990 when she was elected to the Davis City Council. During her service as a councilmember, Senator Wolk prioritized initia-tives that improved environmental sustain-ability and expanded access to health services for the people of Davis, including leading the efforts to restore and preserve Putah Creek and to build Sutter Davis Hospital. Senator Wolk was elected to serve as a Yolo County Supervisor in 1998, and while serving on the board of Supervisors she spearheaded efforts to improve children’s wel-fare. The culmination of those efforts was the creation of Multi-Disciplinary Interview Center for abused children, a Crisis Nursery, and a new Juvenile Hall. Given the importance of agriculture to Yolo County’s economy, Senator Wolk led a major revision of the county’s Agri-cultural Zoning Ordinance as a supervisor to preserve the county’s land quality for genera-tions to come. After her service as County Supervisor, Senator Wolk was elected to the California State Assembly for three consecutive terms, serving from 2002 until 2008. She became the first woman to chair the Assembly Water, Parks and Wildlife Committee, where she ad-vanced legislation addressing flood protection, the crisis in the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta and climate change. Senator Wolk was elected to the California State Senate in 2008. As a senator, she has introduced and advanced legislation related to environmental protections and social equality. She also spearheaded the creation of a state-wide registry to ensure more children are im-munized and to increase consumer access to affordable clean energy. Most recently, Sen-ator Wolk led the effort to pass the groundbreaking End of Life Option Act, ensur-ing that Californians suffering from terminal ill-ness can choose to die on their own terms. Senator Wolk currently serves as the Majority Whip and chairs the Senate Budget Sub-committee on Resources, Environmental Pro-tection, Energy and Transportation. Mr. Speaker, Senator Wolk is my friend and a valued colleague, and has been an exem-plary public servant for close to three decades and it is therefore fitting and proper that we honor her here today. f 
RECOGNIZING THE IMPORTANCE OF EXTENDING THE RARE PEDI-ATRIC DISEASE PRIORITY RE-VIEW VOUCHER PROGRAM 
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this opportunity today to urge my colleagues to not let the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher Program lapse. As the co- chair of the House Congressional Rare Dis-ease Caucus, I know first-hand how success-ful this program has been for children and their families throughout the country and I am determined for it to continue. Unfortunately, the program expires September 30th, which could curb continued research and develop-ment in the areas of rare pediatric conditions. One condition that very much relies on the incentives of the Rare Pediatric Disease Pri-ority Review Voucher Program is epidermolysis bullosa (‘‘EB’’), and those suf-fering from the condition are in desperate need of treatments and cures. EB is a rare, debilitating, and potentially fatal connective tis-sue disorder that manifests through severe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.071 E15JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1140 July 15, 2016 
blisters on the skin, eyes, throat, and internal organs. Children with EB are often called ‘‘but-terfly children’’ because their skin so fragile. As with most rare diseases, EB can vary in progression and severity among its various types and subtypes. The most severe form of EB, recessive dys-trophic EB, puts children at especially high risk for infection. Typically, even a mild localized trauma can cause skin to fall off, leading to open sores that do not heal, which cause in-describable pain and agony. In addition to the risk of infection, other conditions associated with EB include cancer, heart failure, malnutri-tion, and foot and hand deformities. I have heard the heartbreaking stories of children with this form, such as Rafi Kopelan and Jackson Silver of New York City and Mikey Fullmer of Irvine, California. Imagine being eight years old, unable to play soccer or swim, covered in bandages, enduring regular painful vinegar and bleach baths, and fighting through the discomfort to eat and breathe. This has been a reality for kids like Rafi, Jack-son, and Mikey. New York City is home to two of the three leading patient advocacy and research organi-zations representing the EB community— debra of America and the EB Research Part-nership. I would like to recognize the tremen-dous impact both organizations, as well as the Los Angeles, California based EB Medical Re-search Foundation, are having on the commu-nity. Due to their efforts, several drug manu-facturers are currently in the research and de-velopment phase for various treatments for EB—from topical creams to protein replace-ment therapies. The Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher Program has been instrumental in creating an incentive for these companies to finally allocate resources to investigating po-tential solutions for children with EB beyond pain management and wound care. But more progress is needed. Further research is nec-essary, for example, to develop interventions against a particularly virulent form of squa-mous cell carcinoma in EB patients, which has a mortality rate approaching 90 percent. Congress has long supported EB research funding through the National Institutes of Health, which has helped lay the foundation for these existing development programs. Re-authorizing the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher Program, however, is a crit-ical way of providing the necessary incentives to ensure children like Rafi, Jackson, and Mikey will soon benefit from this important re-search in the form of FDA-approved therapies. We must not let this deadline slip and this important program expire, and I hope all my colleagues recognize the urgency of this issue. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES A. HIMES 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, on July 13, 2016, I was unable to be present to cast my vote on amendments Number 76 and Number 78 to H.R. 5538, the Department of the Interior, En-vironment, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2017. I wish to reflect that had I been present for roll calls No. 453 and 454, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ f 
RECOGNIZING POTTSTOWN SUPER-INTENDENT DR. JEFFREY R. SPARAGANA 
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Pottstown School District Superintendent, Dr. Jeffrey R. Sparagana, as he prepares to retire after a ca-reer in education spanning more than four decades. For the past 23 years, Dr. Sparagana has held a variety of teaching, administrative, and coaching positions in the Pottstown School District. He was appointed superintendent in December 2012, demonstrating outstanding leadership during what his colleagues de-scribed as ‘‘the most tumultuous period of change’’ in the District’s 177-year history. It was a period that saw the District revise at-tendance boundaries, close one elementary school and renovate four others, and realign the Middle School to include fifth grade. Inno-vation, a commitment to academic excellence and accountability and an incredible ability to collaborate with teachers, parents and the community were hallmarks of Dr. Sparagana’s tenure. Those traits undoubtedly contributed to Pottstown earning national accolades for its PEAK program, which ensures students start kindergarten properly prepared for a lifetime of learning. Pottstown students also benefit from a healthy living program, one of just 20 com-prehensive high school programs in the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania, virtual and alter-native learning academies for customized in-struction and an active Foundation for Potts-town Education, which provides supplemental funding for unique educational opportunities. Despite the tremendous demands as the top educator in a district with 3,200 students, Dr. Sparagana always was an engaged citizen and made countless positive contributions to the greater Pottstown community. He is a past president of the Pottstown Area Industrial De-velopment organization, helped facilitate quar-terly joint meetings with the District and Potts-town Borough Council and fostered partner-ships with Montgomery County Community College and The Hill School, resulting in Potts-town CARES days during which more than 600 volunteers pitch in on an array of projects in the community. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in expressing gratitude for Dr. Jeffrey R. Sparagana’s more than 40 years of out-standing service as an educator and genuine passion for ensuring that each student in the Pottstown School District has the opportunity to learn and develop into a responsible, en-gaged citizen and offering best wishes for a long, healthful retirement. S CORPORATION MODERNIZATION ACT HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, Representative R
ONKINDand I reintroduced the S Corporation Modernization Act to reform and repeal unnecessary rules and limitations on S Corporations. This bill supports growth in communities across the country and builds upon last year’s success. With broad bipar-tisan support in December, Congress passed the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes (PATH) Act that provided permanent built-in gains tax relief for S Corporations. The legisla-tive history of this provision makes clear that Congress intended this permanent relief for built-in gains to also apply to Real Estate In-vestment Trusts (REITs) and mutual funds. 
f 
HONORING MARALIN NISKA 
HON. JANICE HAHN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Maralin Niska who passed away at home in Santa Fe, New Mex-ico on July 9, 2016. Maralin sang leading roles with both the Metropolitan Opera and the New York City Opera and was widely known as one of the greatest talents of her generation. She was not only an acclaimed soprano, she was a devoted teacher who loved sharing her passion with admirers and her community. Born in San Pedro, California, on November 16, 1926, Maralin Niska showed early promise as a musical student. In her youth, she per-formed as a young soloist in the First Pres-byterian Church of San Pedro as well as with the Los Angeles Philharmonic. Despite the ad-vice of teachers and friends, she refused to go to Europe to study and build a career. She told the New York Times, ‘‘I’ve never even been to Europe, and I don’t have any desire to go . . . I’m still one of the few holdouts who are truly American in training, experience, everything.’’ She never wavered in her love for her community and country. Ms. Niska com-pleted her degree at the University of Cali-fornia, Los Angeles (UCLA), in English lit-erature and continued to study voice at the University of Southern California (USC) and UCLA. All the while, she continued to sing as a resident soloist at several community churches. Ms. Niska had a rewarding career in edu-cation and was a Torrance elementary school-teacher for seven years, while continuing to perform for local opera companies and the community. She loved teaching, and appre-ciated all students at whatever level they could achieve. In 1968, Ms. Niska sang the title role in Madama Butterfly for the opening of the new house at the Santa Fe Opera. After retir-ing in Santa Fe, Ms Niska continued her pas-sion for teaching and maintained a private vocal studio. There, she taught Master Class-es to aspiring students who shared her love for music. The Arizona Daily Star even wrote that Ms. Niska left ‘‘most of the traditional diva 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.074 E15JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1141 July 15, 2016 
arrogance back in the dressing room . . . She offered no-nonsense criticism to her students but tried not to trample their ego.’’ Niska’s dramatic talents earned her a rep-utation as a singing-actress. Ms. Niska ap-peared regularly with some of the great con-ductors of her time, including Pierre Boulez, Eric Leinsdorf, and Andre Kostelanetz. She re-ceived national recognition when she debuted at the opening of the Metropolitan Opera Na-tional Company in 1965. Followed by her debut, she was engaged by the New York City Opera and commanded dozens of roles. In all she sang 29 leading roles with the company— the most of any singer in its history. Ms. Niska gave her last professional per-formance in 1996, in Santa Fe, performing arias of Mozart with the Mu´sica de Ca´mara Orchestra conducted by her husband, the fa-mous violinist and renowned conductor, Wil-liam Mullen. The couple established Music One, a predecessor to Performance Santa Fe, a performing arts center. Maralin Niska was loved by all and will be sorely missed by her husband, students, the greater communities of Los Angeles and Santa Fe, and by opera lovers all over the world. 
f 
RARE PEDIATRIC PRIORITY REVIEW VOUCHER PROGRAM 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my hope that the House of Representatives will reauthorize the Rare Pe-diatric Priority Review Voucher (PRV) Program before its expiration deadline of September 30, 2016. I urge my colleagues to consider and pass H.R. 1537, the Advancing Hope Act of 2015 which I introduced with Representa-tive M
ICHAEL MCCAUL(TX–10) and would per-manently reauthorize the Rare Pediatric PRV Program. The Creating Hope Act, which was signed into law by President Obama in 2012 as part of the PDUFA reauthorization, expanded the cost-neutral Food and Drug Administration (FDA) priority review voucher (PRV) program, allowing pharmaceutical companies to expe-dite FDA review of more profitable drugs in re-turn for developing treatments for rare dis-eases. The Creating Hope Act was reauthor-ized for Fiscal Year 2016 through the budget agreement passed at the end of last year, but is scheduled to expire soon. The Butterfield- McCaul bill would reauthorize the program, clear the way for more treatments to reach the people that need them most, and clarify the scope of the program to include diseases like Sickle Cell Anemia. There are many pediatric disease spaces where treatments are woefully inadequate or nonexistent, and the Advancing Hope Act of 2015 would help encourage the private sector to help find solutions. An example of a condi-tion that could benefit from the reauthorization of the Rare Pediatric PRV Program is Alter-nating Hemiplegia of Childhood, known as AHC, which leads to life-threatening temporary paralysis in approximately three hundred chil-dren nationwide. Duke Children’s Hospital and Health Center, located in North Carolina’s First Congressional District, assists North Caro-linian children Matthew Wuchich, Madison Pino, and Marley Pino, manage their condi-tions. However, they often have to travel long distances for care or be pulled out of school, and there is no cure in sight. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reau-thorize the Rare Pediatric PRV Program be-fore the program expires in September. Con-gress must do all it can to encourage the de-velopment of cures for children like Matthew, Madison, and Marley. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVAN PEARCE 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Number 454, on the Gosar amendment on H.R. 5538, I am not recorded because I was representing constituents on business outside of Washington, D.C. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE WEST-PORT RIVER WATERSHED ALLI-ANCE 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the Westport River Watershed Alliance on the occasion of its 40th anniver-sary. The Watershed Alliance, originally created to protest a septic-composting lagoon project on the Upper East Branch of the Westport River, was established by a small group of 14 concerned Westport residents. What started as a single protest in 1976 has grown to a membership of over 1,500 families and 4,800 volunteers that work on numerous conserva-tion projects from running the longest water quality monitoring program in Massachusetts to planting over 20,000 beach grass seedlings in the past decade to stabilize eroded areas of the Town Beach dune system in the Common-wealth. The Watershed Alliance has successfully given voice to the natural resource concerns of the Westport River. It has become a leader in environmental preservation efforts in the re-gion and represents the best of the Westport community. The Watershed Alliance has, over the years, worked with state legislators to re-move granite blocks out from underneath a bridge that restricted flow to the Upper East Branch part of the river, it has hosted over 28 River Day festivals, has planted 6 rain gar-dens at the Westport Middle School which were used to capture and treat over 60% of the storm water that flowed previously un-checked into the water, and it is working with the Town of Westport and MA Estuaries Project to come up with alternatives to expen-sive sewer treatments to help solve the nitro-gen pollution problem in an efficient and af-fordable manner. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the West-port River Watershed Alliance’s four decade commitment to protecting the Westport River. I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring the service and commitment of the members of the Westport River Watershed Alliance. f 
CONSCIENCE PROTECTION ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 13, 2016 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to S. 304, the so-called ‘‘Con-science Protection Act.’’ This bill would open the door for employers and companies to discriminate against women based on their reproductive health choices. And it puts the personal beliefs of any em-ployer or healthcare provider above the health and safety of women. Once again, Mr. Speaker, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are using the pre-text of religious liberty to violate the funda-mental human rights of women. This bill is another in a long line of Repub-lican attempts to limit women’s access to safe, legal abortion—like the Weldon and Hyde amendments. Let me be clear: no employer or politician has the right to interfere with a woman’s per-sonal healthcare choices. These decisions be-long to women—not politicians or bosses. Mr. Speaker, this bill is dangerous. Instead of addressing the serious issues facing American families—like combatting Zika, addressing gun violence, or creating jobs—my colleagues have chosen to put par-tisan politics over healthcare access. This is just shameful. I urge my colleagues to vote no on this out-rageous attack on women’s health. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL DENNIS SCHMIDT 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge my constituent Dennis Schmidt from Fairfax Station, Virginia, a former Lieu-tenant Colonel in the United States Army and lifelong dedicated public servant. Mr. Schmidt devoted twenty-one years of his life to the United States Army, including assignments and deployments during the Vietnam War. After he completed his military service, his dedication to public service did not stop. Between 1989 and 1993, Mr. Schmidt worked for the Army Research Laboratory in the Army Material Command, during which he helped develop technology over multiple fields such as weapons systems, medical equip-ment, and protection tools. This research has helped save American lives, and gives our sol-diers an edge in the performance of their du-ties to our country. From 1994 to 1998, Mr. Schmidt refocused his talents as acting Science and Technology Advisor to the Direc-tor for Force Development, where he evalu-ated and managed the Army’s annual re-search programs budget. Through such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.078 E15JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1142 July 15, 2016 
means, Mr. Schmidt fought to maintain the Army’s ability to look after its troops by pro-viding state of the art equipment and tech-nology. Mr. Schmidt continued to fight to maintain the Army’s research funding levels for another decade, as both a Deputy Director and Direc-tor specializing in science and technology at the Department of the Army. He maintained the Army’s budget of $13 billion, which allo-cated funds to over twenty projects with a total workforce in excess of 14,000 engineering and research staff. His civilian assignment spanned three dec-ades in the Department of the Army. Mr. Schmidt will best be remembered for his dedi-cation to preserving and increasing funding for suicide prevention, and developing new weap-ons technologies to aid in keeping our troops safer and better equipped while serving their country. Mr. Speaker, Dennis Schmidt embodies what it means to be an American patriot. He is an impressive example of going beyond his duty, and he should be honored for it. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Mr. Schmidt for his many years of service, and I wish him the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE TOWN OF MOORESVILLE, INDIANA 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and salute the Town of Mooresville, Indiana, as the official Home of the Indiana State Flag. It was one hundred years ago, in celebra-tion of Indiana’s Centennial, that Mooresville resident and prominent water color artist Paul Hadley designed the current Indiana flag. It is easy to see why Hadley’s design for the ban-ner was selected out of the two hundred that were entered in the Daughters of the Amer-ican Revolution contest in 1816. The stately gold torch signifying liberty and enlightenment, surrounded by nineteen gold stars representing each of the states in the union upon Indiana’s induction, is stunning on the beautiful field of deep blue. One year later the Indiana State Legislature adopted Paul Hadley’s design as the official state banner. It has remained unchanged since that day. Mooresville is located in Morgan County in central Indiana. And on this day, Mr. Speaker, in the year in which we are celebrating Indiana’s 200th birth-day, I am proud to recognize the town of Mooresville for Paul Hadley’s important con-tribution to Indiana’s history. 
f 
COMMENDING STUDENTS FOR NA-TIONAL JROTC CHAMPIONSHIP PARTICIPATION 
HON. TONY CA´RDENAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, it fills me with great pride to congratulate Yoli D. Ortega Hernandez, Anne J. Bana, Andrea Cardoza, Luis E. Maya, Marisol Ahumada, and Tamara M. Herrador from James Monroe High School in my district. I want to congratulate them for participating in the National Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps Leadership and Aca-demic Bowl (JLAB). The James Monroe High School team par-ticipated at the championship competition here in Washington, D.C., last month. During the two fast-paced preliminary rounds, the Vikings Cadets were tested on their knowledge of cur-rent events, leadership values, and leadership skills. More than 1,370 Army JROTC teams competed from around the world, with James Monroe’s cadets earning top scores. James Monroe’s JROTC team is one of only forty Leadership Bowl teams in the nation to ad-vance to the National Leadership and Aca-demic Bowl. It is thrilling to see the promising young men and women from our very own San Fernando Valley schools come to the table with such great talent. You should all be proud of your-selves for making it this far; it is a huge ac-complishment. Congratulations, Vikings! f 
RECOGNIZING RIDE4GABE FOR BRINGING NEEDED AWARENESS TO DUCHENNE MUSCULAR DYS-TROPHY 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Rep-resentatives A
DERHOLT (AL), B LACK (TN), B
LACKBURN (TN), B ROOKS (AL), C HABOT (OH), C
OLLINS (NY), F UDGE (OH), G IBBS (OH), G
UINTA (NH), H ANNA (NY), H IGGINS (NY), J
OYCE (OH), K ELLY (PA), P ALMER (AL), P IN-
GREE (ME), P OLIQUIN (ME), R EED (NY), R
ENACCI (OH), R OBY (AL), R OE(TN), R OGERS  (AL), S
EWELL (AL), S TEFANIK (NY), T IBERI  (OH), T
URNER (OH), W ENSTRUP (OH), and Y
ARMUTH (KY), I want to recognize three men who will attempt to pedal their bicycles from Houlton, Maine to Mobile, Alabama between July 29 and August 8, 2016. Ride4Gabe, as it is called, will take the cyclists on a route that is approximately the same distance as the Tour de France in only eleven days. As they pedal 200 miles per day the men will endure substantial physical and mental hardship. The cycling effort alone is worthy of recognition, but these cyclists insist it is their cause that should be known by the American people. Ride4Gabe is really about ending Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy. According to Parent Project Muscular Dys-trophy, Duchenne is the most common fatal genetic disorder diagnosed in childhood, af-fecting approximately 1 in every 3,500 live male births (about 20,000 new cases each year worldwide). Because the Duchenne gene is found on the X-chromosome, it primarily af-fects boys; however, it occurs across all races and cultures. Duchenne results in progressive loss of strength and is caused by a mutation in the gene that encodes for dystrophin. Because dystrophin is absent, the muscle cells are eas-ily damaged. The progressive muscle weak-ness leads to serious medical problems, par-ticularly issues relating to the heart and lungs. Young men with Duchenne typically live into their late twenties. Michael Staley, 35, of Birmingham, Ala-bama, and Wes Bates, 21, of Aurora, Colo-rado, began Ride4Gabe in 2014 when they rode across Oregon, Idaho, Wyoming, Ne-braska, South Dakota, Iowa, Illinois, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Alabama. Payne Griffin, 23, of Washington, D.C. will join Michael and Wes this year. The trio will be supported by a crew of volunteers as they pedal across Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, New York, Penn-sylvania, Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Ala-bama. The Ride4Gabe team will meet with Duchenne patients, rare disease-impacted families, elected officials, and other community leaders throughout their journey. They will educate people about Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy. They will highlight the challenges associated with Duchenne through the lens of Gabe Griffin and Duchenne patients all along their route. They will discuss how medical re-search has the Duchenne community on the verge of solving this problem that nobody has survived to date. They will raise awareness about rare disease drug approval policy and how it relates to Duchenne. On behalf of my colleagues representing the congressional districts along the Ride4Gabe 2016 route, I am pleased to submit this state-ment to the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD . The awareness raised through Ride4Gabe will lead to greater public awareness about Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy. It is our hope that Gabe Griffin and every other patient who suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy will soon have access to a treatment, and ultimately a cure. 
f 
THE SMALL BUSINESS START-UP SAVINGS ACCOUNTS ACT OF 2016 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today, I re-introduced H.R. 5783, the Small Business Start-up Savings Accounts Act of 2016. Small businesses are the backbone of our economy and are an essential component of our continued economic recovery. These businesses generate half of our nation’s gross domestic product and employ at least half of its workforce. The creation of small busi-nesses allows Americans to produce things right here in America, as well as continue to out innovate and out-build the rest of the world. Unfortunately, the average entrepreneur spends roughly $80,000 in first year start-up costs, and these recovering economic times have made it even more difficult for prospec-tive business owners to access vital start-up capital. As our economy continues to strengthen, it is important that Congress provides incentives and opportunities for entrepreneurs to launch new businesses and provide much needed jobs to our economy. For these reasons, I am re-introducing The Small Business Start-up Savings Accounts Act to assist individuals in starting their own businesses. This bill expands much needed lending to millions of small businesses and offers tax in-centives to help small businesses grow, hire, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.083 E15JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1143 July 15, 2016 
and fuel our economy. The bill would allow en-trepreneurs to contribute up to $10,000 per year into a tax-free account, which could be used to purchase equipment, facilities, mar-keting, training, and accounting. Contributions to the account could accumulate up to $150,000 and be taken out tax-free. This is a common sense approach to en-courage economic growth, and Congress should spend more of its time on legislation like this that can have a positive impact on av-erage Americans. I urge all of my colleagues to co-sponsor this legislation and I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VIRGINIA FOXX 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, on July 11th and into the late evening of July 12th, I was un-avoidably absent from the House. I have indi-cated the manner in which I would have voted on each of the roll call votes that I was ab-sent. Roll Call 401: YEA. Roll Call 402: YEA. Roll Call 403: YEA. Roll Call 404: NAY. Roll Call 405: NAY. Roll Call 406: YEA. Roll Call 407: YEA. Roll Call 408: YEA. Roll Call 409: YEA. Roll Call 410: YEA. Roll Call 411: NAY. Roll Call 412: NAY. Roll Call 413: NAY. Roll Call 414: NAY. Roll Call 415: NAY. Roll Call 416: YEA. Roll Call 417: NAY. Roll Call 418: NAY. Roll Call 419: NAY. Roll Call 420: NAY. Roll Call 421: NAY. Roll Call 422: NAY. Roll Call 423: NAY. Roll Call 424: NAY. Roll Call 425: YEA. Roll Call 426: YEA. 
f 
MADELINE CASTILLO EARNS THE GIRL SCOUT GOLD AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Madeline Castillo of San Jacinto Girl Scout Troop Number 61401 on earning the Girl Scout Gold Award, the highest achievement a Cadette can earn. Madeline, a senior at Clear Creek High School in League City, achieved this honor through her accom-plishments in leadership, advocacy, and dedi-cation to improving her community. Madeline completed her Girl Scout Gold Award project, #WeCare4Patients which strives to help hospital patients feel more com-fortable. Madeline has paired with Health Oc-cupations Students of America clubs and other organizations in the area to encourage people to donate toys, blankets, games, and other items for local medical facilities. On behalf of all of the residents of the Twenty-Second Congressional District of Texas, I’m pleased to recognize Madeline’s Girl Scout accomplishment and her contribu-tions to help make our community a better place to live. We are all proud of Madeline Castillo and wish her the best of luck at Ste-phen F. Austin University in the fall. f 
RECOGNIZING RODOLFO PINON 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize an outstanding leader in my district, Mr. Rodolfo Pinon of Blythe, California. Mr. Speaker, Rodolfo is a remarkable lead-er, husband, and father. He has a deep pas-sion for serving others and giving voice to the voiceless. From his early years as a student at Palo Verde Valley High School and then at Cali-fornia State University at San Bernardino, Rodolfo served as an example of selfless service to the underserved. That drive and passion to serve his commu-nity has been steadfast throughout his career. As the executive director of Casa De San Bernardino he was a source of strength and an anchor of hope to those seeking to over-come addiction. For five years, his dedication there helped countless individuals in their darkest hours. Recently, Rodolfo has served as the Direc-tor of Community Engagement for the Pueblo Unido Community Development Corporation. He serves as a driving force behind their mission to support underrepresented rural communities. As director, has delivered over and over again on the goals of developing affordable housing, community infrastructure, community centers, and community parks to disadvan-taged rural communities. This work has solved pressing problems for the residents of the Eastern Coachella Valley, from installing water filters to 25 mobile home parks in the Eastern Coachella Valley where far too many communities face the health threat of arsenic in the unfiltered water, to paving the 38 mobile home parks in the com-munity, helping families in these rural areas have a higher quality of life and improving out-comes for those seeking affordable housing, to building the San Jose and Bea Main Com-munity Center open to all in the community and helping young people expand their hori-zons with a brand new computer center. But his dedication has also inspired count-less budding community leaders around him and he has mentored many emerging young leaders. Recently, Rodolfo’s life of service was chronicled in the book Y Suguimos Adelante. This book serves as a lasting tribute to his mission and as a constant reminder of his counsel that we must always remain selfless in our work serving our communities. His words have deeply inspired me, and I keep them in mind each day in my work as a public servant. Rodolfo was recently diagnosed with ad-vanced liver cancer. His family and loved ones are going through a terrible pain. As a community, we encourage Rodolfo and his family to find strength and comfort in the fact that we appreciate and honor you. The best way to honor Rodolfo to ensure that his mission and noble acts of service are spread beyond the Coachella valley, that his words are not forgotten. We should all take to heart his service, a man who has given everything to his commu-nity and asks for nothing in return, except that those around him are able to live a healthy life with dignity. We should all honor him and enter his life’s work into our nation’s record. So today, I would like to take a moment to recognize all that Mr. Pinon has given to his community that will live on for future genera-tions. In honor of his life’s work of service, let us keep Rodolfo in our thoughts as journeys through this most difficult path of his life. Let us not forget all this man has given to our community and how much we can learn from his actions. In his honor, let us strive to better our com-munities, and our nation. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE GEORGIA AGRI-BUSINESS COUNCIL 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the success of the Georgia Agribusiness Council as the organization cele-brates their 50th anniversary this year. The Georgia Agribusiness Council was origi-nally incorporated on January 17, 1966. The council was formed ‘‘To Advance the Business of Agriculture through Economic De-velopment, Environmental Stewardship and Education to Enhance the Quality of Life for All Georgians.’’ Through the years, the Georgia Agri-business Council has had immense success in giving the Georgia agriculture industry a forum to share views, develop understanding, and work on issues of common concern. The council’s membership has recently ex-ceeded 1000 businesses from every sector of agriculture and it has done an incredible job representing Georgia’s 74 billion dollar indus-try. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to rise today to congratulate the Georgia Agribusiness Council on their 50 year anniversary and I thank them for their tremendous service to our state and the agriculture industry. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RUBEN GALLEGO 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained and was not present for one roll 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.087 E15JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1144 July 15, 2016 
call vote on July 13, 2016. Had I been present, I would have voted in this manner: Roll Call Vote Number 453—Amendment of-fered by Congressman P
ALMER of Alabama Number 76—NO. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MUSCULAR DYSTROPHY 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor South Florida resident Na-dine Kirby, for her efforts to ‘‘Light it Up Green’’ during the month of August to raise awareness for Muscular Dystrophy. Nadine’s son David has lived with Duchenne muscular dystrophy, a disease that causes progressive weakness and loss of muscle mass, since he was four years old. One million American families are affected by this condition, and there is no existing cure. For the individuals and families who are im-pacted by muscular dystrophy, I applaud ef-forts to ‘‘Light it Up Green,’’ and to recognize August as Muscular Dystrophy Awareness month. I ask my colleagues to join me in ‘‘lighting it up green’’ this August to support the families who continue the fight against this disease and thank the South Florida advocates who work tirelessly to raise awareness and seek a better future for those who are born with mus-cular dystrophy. 
f 
FAA EXTENSION, SAFETY, AND SECURITY ACT OF 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, July 11, 2016 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of the FAA Extension, Safety, and Secu-rity Act of 2016 (H. Res. 818). I remain frus-trated by Congress’ inability to pass a long- term extension of FAA authority and I am con-cerned with some of the language included within this reauthorization. However, these reservations do not justify opposition to the bill and I therefore support its passage. Without this extension, current FAA authority would ex-pire on July 15, causing major side effects that would cripple our economy. I commend Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO as well as the entire Trans-portation and Infrastructure Committee for put-ting aside differences and negotiating this FAA extension. This legislation addresses some of the many issues that face our airline industry. Specifically, I am pleased by the inclusion of language that streamlines the hiring process of air-traffic controllers. Representatives from the National Air Traffic Controllers Association (NATCA) have been urging Congress to help solve the 27-year low in the air-traffic con-troller workforce and I am confident that this provision will help address this massive back-log. The reauthorization also directs the Trans-portation Security Administration (TSA) to ex-pand the PreCheck program as well as opti-mize the staffing allocation model—both vital steps in helping reduce wait times while also enhancing security precautions. Furthermore, the extension requires training for flight attend-ants to help recognize and respond to poten-tial victims of human trafficking, an issue that affects millions of people across the world and cannot be ignored. Although the extension helps address many important issues facing air travel, I am con-cerned with some of the language included in the reauthorization. Of particular concern is language in Section 3405 which directs the TSA to change regulations pertaining to vet-ting standards for aviation workers with access to secure and sterile areas of airports. In the wake of the terrorist attacks in Brussels and Istanbul, I understand the concerns that Mem-bers may have with tightening security in and around airports; however, this screening ex-pansion will unfairly affect airline workers and Homeland Security experts have yet to pro-vide credible evidence that this will actually help mitigate terrorist activity. The provision not only extends the background check period from ten years to fifteen years, but it also ex-pands the list of ‘‘disqualifying offenses’’ for Security Identification Display Area (SIDA) badge holders, potentially causing many long-time, responsible airline workers to lose their job. Although I support the passage of this reau-thorization, I must voice my disappointment in the Leadership’s inability to advance a long- term solution that the various stakeholders within air travel can depend on. Mr. Speaker, we must take the time between now and Sep-tember, 2017 when this reauthorization ex-pires to put aside partisan differences and produce a long-term extension that our airline industry so desperately needs. I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. f 
THE COLUMBIA RIVER IN-LIEU AND TREATY FISHING ACCESS SITES IMPROVEMENT ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today I am pleased to introduce the Columbia River In-Lieu and Treaty Fishing Access Sites Im-provement Act, in partnership with some of my colleagues in the Senate. This legislation is just one part of the work we are pursuing, in coordination with the U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers (Corps), Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA), Columbia River Inter-Tribal Fish Com-mission and in collaboration with affected Co-lumbia River Treaty Tribes, to improve condi-tions and address unmet tribal housing needs along the Columbia River. This issue deserves significant attention and investment from the federal government. The history of the 31 Columbia River In-Lieu and Treaty Fishing Access Sites dates back dec-ades. Western development, including con-struction of the three lower Columbia River dams beginning in the 1930s, displaced many members of the four Columbia River treaty tribes: the Warm Springs, Umatilla, Nez Perce, and Yakama Nation. Those tribes have a trea-ty-protected right to fish along the river at their usual and accustomed places, and were also promised housing to replace what was inun-dated after the dams became operational. That promise has largely not been kept. I’m working with my colleagues to address these unmet needs through the appropriations proc-ess and other legislation. To address fishing access that was wiped out by the dams, the Corps constructed 31 small sites along the Columbia, designed pri-marily for daily, in-season fishing access and temporary camping. However, largely due to the lack of promised permanent housing and out of a desire to be closer to the Columbia River, their cultural heritage, and traditional fishing areas, many tribal members live in makeshift housing or shelters at these sites. Because they were not designed for longer- term or permanent use, the conditions at these sites are deeply distressing and unsafe, without proper electricity, sewers, or water. I have seen these conditions firsthand on mul-tiple visits, and they have garnered attention from local and national media. The sites are in dire need of urgent upgrades to electrical, sewer, and other infrastructure, beyond their daily operations and maintenance needs. This legislation calls for the Bureau of Indian Affairs to conduct a much-needed assessment of current conditions at the In-Lieu and Treaty Fishing Access sites under BIA ownership on both sides of the Columbia, in coordination with the Tribes. It authorizes the BIA to im-prove existing federal structures and infra-structure, improve sanitation and safety condi-tions, and improve access to electricity, sewer, and water infrastructure. BIA may contract with Tribes and Tribal organizations to conduct this important work that will lay a critical foun-dation for the construction of permanent tribal housing. This is a significant and meaningful step in helping to improve conditions at these sites and should be passed by both the House and Senate. Our efforts will not stop here. I will continue working with federal partners and Tribal nations to see that the need for more permanent housing is fulfilled. f 
CORAL REEF CONSERVATION ACT REAUTHORIZATION AND EN-HANCEMENT AMENDMENTS OF 2016 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I re-introduced a bill to amend and reauthorize the Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000. Con-servation of coral reef ecosystems is essential to protect public health, promote environ-mental sustainability, and ensure long-term economic progress for the jurisdictions we rep-resent in Congress. The sovereign waters of the United States off the coast of Guam, and in the Pacific region as a whole, contain a ma-jority of the shallow-water coral reefs in the United States, as well as some of the world’s greatest coral reef biodiversity. These reefs, and reefs around the world, provide habitat and shelter for fisheries, provide food and recreation for our residents, and are the basis for marine tourism industries. Coral reefs also provide important mitigation from extreme weather events, including hurri-canes and typhoons, by absorbing up to 90% 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.092 E15JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1145 July 15, 2016 
of wave energy, mitigating some of the most costly aspects of severe storms. Coastal storms account for 71% of annual disaster losses. Healthy reef systems may protect an estimated $47,000 of property value for every meter of reef during severe weather events. Today, however, various pressures on the world’s reefs threaten to destroy them and the numerous ecosystem services, valued at over $8 billion, which they provide. Unless the United States acts in conjunction with the global community to support focused, pro-longed action on coral reef education, re-search, and management, the condition of our coral reefs will continue to degrade. Since its enactment in 2000, the Coral Reef Conservation Act has stimulated a greater commitment to protect, conserve, and restore coral reef resources within jurisdictional waters of the United States. As a result, we now have a much better grasp of the condition of our coral reefs, and more focused management capability than at any time in our history. The Coral Reef Conservation Act Reauthorization and Enhancement Amendments of 2016 ex-pands emergency response mechanisms, es-tablishes a new community-based planning grants program, promotes international co-operation, and recognizes the important con-tributions of the U.S. Department of the Inte-rior in coral reef management and conserva-tion efforts. This bill would also codify the United States Coral Reef Task Force established in 1998 by President Clinton through Executive Order 13089. The work of the Task Force and its mission to coordinate the efforts of the United States in promoting conservation and the sus-tainable use of coral reefs internationally is vital to our interests. Since 1998, the Task Force has acted to facilitate and support better management and conservation of coral reef resources at the local level. Many beneficial efforts, such as the development and imple-mentation of local action strategies to address threats to our reefs, are underway thanks to the work of the Task Force and its member agencies. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance this leg-islation to enhance our capacity for the con-servation and restoration of healthy and di-verse coral reef ecosystems. 
f 
CONGRESSWOMAN DINGELL CALLS FOR ACTION ON THE NATION’S MOST PRESSING CHALLENGES 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as the House of Representatives prepares to leave Washington for seven weeks—52 days—without addressing some of the most critical issues we face. Instead of working together—Republicans and Democrats—toward meaningful solutions to protect the American people, Congress spent this week debating a bunch of bills that will never become law. Meanwhile, we have failed to meaningfully respond to the Flint water crisis, which has left families in my home state of Michigan reeling for months. We have failed to provide critical resources to respond to the Zika health crisis. And we have failed to come together around reasonable solutions to the gun violence epi-demic plaguing this country. I am embarrassed to be a Member of this body. We need to do the job the American people elected us to do. We need to come together to find solutions to the biggest problems we face. That’s what we were sent here to do. That’s what the American people expect and it’s what they deserve. Let’s do our job. f 
RECOGNIZING 2016 ‘‘PAUL BUNYAN SERVICE ABOVE SELF AWARD’’ WINNER CLARE JANTY 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to stand before you today to recognize Ms. Clare Janty of Cumberland, Wisconsin for her un-precedented dedication in serving our commu-nity. Ms. Janty is the recipient of the Wisconsin 7th Congressional District’s 2016 ‘‘Paul Bunyan Service Above Self Award,’’ which recognizes a constituent who goes above and beyond when serving their community. Ms. Janty has served as a Physician Assist-ant for over 35 years in Barron County, and continues to give back to her community through her work in healthcare and wellness. In 2004 she was a founding board member of Pink Ribbon Advocacy Inc.—a non-profit fo-cused on supporting uninsured expenses re-lated to breast gynecological cancers—and has served as their medical advisor since. Ms. Janty is also the president of the board of the Rice Lake Area Free Clinic, and routinely pro-vides patient services. Ms. Janty has offered her skills by success-fully co-authoring several grant applications that have helped provide the needed funds for poverty and health care organizations in Bar-ron County. In addition, she has worked with local law enforcement to create a Children’s Safety Fair. She has been a member of the Healthier Cumberland Project—a non-profit or-ganization focused on community health— since 2007. Ms. Janty also regularly visits local schools to provide youth with personal health and safety information. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in recog-nizing and thanking Ms. Janty for her excep-tional service to her community. 
f 
HONORING MIO HYDRO FOR 100 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. DAN BENISHEK 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize 100 years of service from the Mio Hydro facility, named after the adjacent town of Mio and located on the lower Au Sable River. During that time it has provided reliable power to thousands of families and busi-nesses in Oscoda County, Michigan. In the early 1900’s, Consumers Energy founders, William A. and James B. Foote sought out to harness the energy of the Au Sable River to power the mills and growing cit-ies of the surrounding area. Between 1911 and 1924, six hydroelectric dams were con-structed. Mio Hydro was the fourth dam constructed and was completed in 1916. This facility was unique in that it was the first hydroelectric dam to utilize an under-sluice spillway. Invented and patented by Consumers civil engineer, William W. Tefft, the design allows excess water to flow through conduits built into the foundation of the powerhouse instead of through an above ground gated spillway. This new design was proven to lower construction costs and increased the plant’s power produc-tion. This year I am pleased to join all the Con-sumers Energy employees and retirees to commemorate 100 years of clean, reliable and renewable energy generated by this facility. A century of service is a testament to the dedi-cated men and women that have kept watch over Mio and supplied power to generations of Michiganders. Congratulations on this great achievement. f 
COMMEMORATING THE CONTRIBU-TIONS OF WILLIAM EDWARD BONTEMPS 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to commemorate William Edward Bontemps on his recent retirement from Goodwill Industries of Central Illinois, Inc. Bill Bontemps was born and raised in West Peoria and is known for his active role in the community, his service to our country during the Vietnam War, and his successful career at Goodwill Industries. Bill graduated from Peoria High School and earned a Bachelor of Science in business from Bradley University. After college, Bill served in the U.S. Army in-fantry in Vietnam and later served as a com-bat photographer for the 1st Battalion, 50th In-fantry. In recognition of his service to the United States, Bill was honored with the Pur-ple Heart, National Defense Service Medal, Bronze Star Medal, Air Medal, Good Conduct Medal, Vietnam Campaign Medal, and the Vietnam Service Medal. Following his decorated military career, Bill continued to serve others by becoming the Di-rector of Vocational Services for Goodwill In-dustries in 2009. In his role with Goodwill, he supported various programs including Good-will’s Veteran Employment Services, Youth Services, job preparation and employment programs, and the General Wayne A. Down-ing Veteran’s Home. Bill used his marketing background and photography skills learned in the military to promote these programs by as-sisting in the creation of flyers, signs, bro-chures, and calendars. His service to the com-munity extended beyond Goodwill, as he served on the Board for the Continuum of Care and Senator Kirk’s Veterans Advisory Board. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.096 E15JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1146 July 15, 2016 
Bill retired on July 8, 2016 after a long ca-reer of selfless service to the 18th District. I want to congratulate Bill for his commitment to our community and wish him and his wife, Patty, a relaxing retirement. 
f 
CELEBRATING AXALTA’S 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, for 150 years, Axalta has been a leader in the coat-ings industry. Congresswoman B
ARBARA COM-
STOCK and I extend our congratulations to Axalta on its 150th year in business. Since its founding in 1866, Axalta has evolved to meet ever-changing industry demands and to fully utilize today’s innovative technology. Axalta now does business in over 130 countries and employs more than 12,800 people. However, what has remained constant during this time is Axalta’s commitment to quality and to its many customers across the globe. In Virginia, Axalta’s Front Royal Plant is celebrating 35 years of operation. The Front Royal Plant, located near the border between the Sixth and Tenth Congressional Districts, employs many of our constituents and is a val-ued member of the community. The Front Royal Plant manufactures and distributes high quality paint products primarily in small container packaging for the ‘‘Low Bake’’ customers in the Refinish and Industrial markets with more than 12 million gallons pro-duced annually. Constructed in 1980 with the first batch of paint produced in March 1981, the facility is nine acres under roof and in-cludes a finished product warehouse that serves as a critical Regional Service Center for the business. There are more than 325 full- time Axalta employees in Front Royal and ap-proximately 80 additional contractor employ-ees onsite. We thank Axalta for their commitment to providing employment and driving economic growth in the Northern Shenandoah Valley. Congratulations again on reaching this mile-stone. We look forward to the next 150 years and Axalta’s continued presence in Virginia. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SERGIO SANCHEZ 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, Sergio San-chez was born on October 9th, 1969 in McAllen, Texas to Samuel and Luisa Sosa Sanchez. At the age of 9, he moved from Reynosa, Mexico to Houston, Texas where he learned English and attended elementary school. Mr. Sanchez graduated from the South Houston High School in 1987 and went on to attend San Jacinto College where he entered the music and civilian airline pilot programs. In 1990, he moved to McAllen, Texas and en-rolled in Pan American University. Mr. Sanchez began his broadcasting career as a part time news reader at News Talk 710 KURV in Edinburg, Texas while working full time nights at the McAllen Post Office. In 1997, he was hired full time at KURV as an anchor and reporter. He eventually became KURV news manager, running both the morn-ing and evening news reports. Later on in his career, Mr. Sanchez created the KURV ‘‘Drive Home Show,’’ an evening talk show. In the spring of 1999, he entered radio advertising and successfully sold sports radio and KURV news radio while broadcasting the morning show. He then launched his own weekend talk show, ‘‘Saturday Open Phones,’’ in 2009. Mr. Sanchez currently serves as the KURV Pro-gram Director and host of the KURV Morning News, which he has hosted for 20 years. Throughout his 20 years of radio broad-casting, Sergio Sanchez has received more than 20 awards from the Texas Associated Press Broadcasters including Best News An-chor, Best Reporter, Best Investigative Report, and Best Editorial. Press associations in Dal-las and Houston have also recognized him for his accomplishments as a broadcaster. Along with these accomplishments and awards he is a fundraiser for the Salvation Army’s annual Angel Tree program. He has also been recog-nized as the top fundraiser in the Rio Grande Valley for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation of Texas. In addition to his impressive career as a celebrated radio broadcaster, Sergio Sanchez is a devoted husband to his wife, Delia, and father to their children, Noah and Elim. The family resides in McAllen, Texas. Mr. Sanchez also recently entered politics, becoming Chair-man of the Hidalgo County Republican office in 2014. Additionally, he serves as Chairman- Elect of the board of the academically re-spected Idea Public Charter School System in Texas. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF DICK VAN RAN-SOM 
HON. SUSAN A. DAVIS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a treasured member of the San Diego family. On June 3, 2016 Richard (Dick) B. Van Ransom-Magana, the founder of Mariposa Ice Cream, passed away. Dick was an inspiration to his family, friends and the patrons of his ice cream parlor. He was a beloved member of the Normal Heights community and a respected Adams Avenue business owner. His dynamic personality left a lasting impression on all those who knew him, even for just a fleeting moment, as they passed through to order ice cream. Like many, the Navy originally brought Dick to San Diego, but he chose to make San Diego his home. His grandfather taught him ice cream making, and with his wife Anna he became a fixture in Normal Heights sharing ice cream and conversation with everyone who passed through his store. During a packed memorial mass at St. Didacus Catholic Church on June 24th, he was called a light to others and a source of goodness and inspiration. Person after person remarked on his warmth, love for his family, and his great contributions to the Normal Heights community. While we grieve Dick’s loss, we take com-fort in the legacy he has left behind. You can-not walk Adams Avenue without feeling Dick’s presence. It’s bittersweet to be in the summer season and not have Dick here, but Mariposa Ice Cream is still open and thriving and car-rying on just as Dick would want. f 
TRIBUTE TO CHIEF MICHAEL DOVE 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a distinguished Hoosier, Chief Michael Dove, who will retire from the Brownsburg Po-lice Department. Chief Dove joined the Brownsburg Police Department in 1990 as a Reserve Officer and was later hired as a full-time officer in 1992. Throughout his career, Chief Dove has held every sworn rank at the department and has filled many roles, including Training Officer, In-structor, Shift Supervisor, Detective, Under-cover Investigator, Emergency Response Team Commander, Uniform Division Com-mander, and Assistant Chief of Police. He was appointed Chief of Police in 2010. Throughout his years of service, Chief Dove continued to improve his skills through hours of specialized law enforcement training. He has received training for Advanced Incident Command, Special Weapons and Tactics, Tactical Command, and as a Certified Crime Scene Investigator. He completed the Indiana Police Chief’s Executive Course and is a grad-uate of the 223rd Session of the FBI National Academy. Upon taking the helm of the Brownsburg Police Department, Chief Dove met with his staff to reevaluate every facet of the depart-ment. New philosophies were put in place, and the department increased efficiency and productivity. Most importantly, the department has significantly improved its relationship with the local community. The annual Night Out Against Crime has realized increased partici-pation and standing in the community each year since Chief Dove’s initial involvement many years ago. I have been fortunate to know and work with Chief Dove for many years. I know I can al-ways rely on him and his officers to ensure public events in Brownsburg are safe for ev-eryone in attendance. Late last year I hosted a school safety summit, and knew even before a draft agenda was completed, that Chief Dove should be the Keynote Speaker. I con-sider him a friend and to me and the entire Brownsburg community. Chief Dove has been a selfless public serv-ant for over 25 years and the good people of our community appreciate those years of serv-ice. Thank you Chief Dove, for a job well done and I wish you well in your post-retirement en-deavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.100 E15JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1147 July 15, 2016 
MAJOR GENERAL AUGUSTUS ‘‘LEON’’ COLLINS, ADJUTANT GENERAL OF MISSISSIPPI 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise along with my colleague Mr. M
OULTON of Massachusetts to recognize Major General Augustus ‘‘Leon’’ Collins, commanding general of both the Mississippi Army and Air National Guard. Since 2012, Major General Collins has served as the Adjutant General of Mississippi and plans to retire at the beginning of Sep-tember. Major General Collins has served in the mili-tary for 35 years, starting as a private with Company B, 1st Battalion, 198th Armor Regi-ment. He completed officer candidate school and later served in Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm. From 2004 to 2006, he commanded the 155th Armored Brigade Com-bat Team during Operation Iraqi Freedom. I have served with Major General Collins at nearly all levels of command. As a tank com-pany commander, Captain Collins was one of the finest. His troops respected and loved him and accomplished tasks other units would not have dared to attempt. As a Battalion Com-mander, Lieutenant Colonel Collins led his Battalion to be one of the best. Finally, as a Brigade Commander of a Brigade Combat Team in Iraq, Brigadier General Collins contin-ued his path of excellence. Brigadier General Collins led the 155th Brigade Combat Team, Mississippi Rifles, in a full spectrum mission; his unit once again excelled because of his leadership and the high level of respect and trust he earned among his soldiers. He did this while many of his soldiers were impacted by the devastating news of Hurricane Katrina at home in Mississippi. During Major General Collins’ tenure in Iraq, he led two future congressmen. After we were elected to the 114th Congress, Mr. Moulton and I realized we had previously met while serving in Iraq with Major General Collins. This is representative of the diverse lives Major General Collins has led and mentored during his storied career. As Major General Collins retires from the military, I know he will continue to be a leader in the state and nation. He has been a mentor and role model for a generation of soldiers in the Mississippi Army National Guard. I am honored to have served with him at all levels of command. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. MARY JEZOWSKI-SURGE 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mary Jezowski-Surge, a longtime Michigan resident, and an original Rosie the Riveter. Mary was born on September 1, 1922 and is celebrating her 94th birthday this year. Mary and the original Rosie the Riveters paved the way for women in the workforce, forever changing our nation with their bravery, grace and gusto. In World War II, enlistment left gaping holes in the labor force, prompting women to join the ranks of male factory workers. These inspiring women were collectively nicknamed ‘‘Rosie the Riveter’’ and worked building planes, tanks, and other armaments for soldiers fight-ing abroad. Mary worked at the Cadillac Plant in Detroit building tanks for American troops. She began her time in the factory as a grind-er, eventually becoming a welder. She recalls the thrill that came with climbing up on top of the tanks to do her welding. Mary eventually left the Cadillac Plant to begin work at the Lin-coln Plant where she built airplane engines. More than 310,000 women joined the U.S. air-craft industry in 1943, comprising a stunning 65 percent of the aviation industry’s total work-force. Mary and other women who worked in Michigan’s aviation plants were honored for their efforts and have their names engraved on a plaque at Yankee Air Museum in Belle-ville, Michigan. The contributions of Mary and the original Rosie the Riveters made victory in World War II possible, and their patriotism and hard work will forever remain part of the Amer-ican story. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me today in honoring Mary for her contribu-tions to the war effort, and for her fearless-ness as a trailblazer for women in the work-force. The values that Mary and the Rosies embodied—patriotism, bravery and resolve— are ones we all must strive to emulate. The Rosies are a vitally important part of American history, and their impact on the workforce will never diminish. Their story is one we will con-tinue to share with our children and grand-children for generations to come, and their spirit and legacy will forever remind us that we all wield the power to positively contribute to our country. f 
HONORING ANGELO TSAKOPOULOS 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Angelo Tsakopoulos on his 80th birthday for his legendary career in real estate development and his long history of philanthropy in California. Born in Greece, Mr. Tsakopoulos came to America at 15, sailing into New York City under the inspiring gaze of the Statue of Lib-erty. He moved to Chicago to live with family, before eventually continuing west to the San Joaquin Valley in California. Encouraged by a close mentor to continue his education, Mr. Tsakopoulos studied political science and business at California State University, Sac-ramento. While attending school, Mr. Tsakopoulos supported himself as a real estate salesman, foreshadowing his highly successful career in real estate development. Mr. Tsakopoulos founded AKT Development Corporation in Sacramento, California, which became a lead-ing real estate developer in the area under his leadership and has built tens of thousands of homes and more than 30 million square feet of office space. Mr. Tsakopoulos and his family have also been dedicated supporters of civic and com-munity causes. The Tsakopoulos family has donated land and funds to cultural institutions including the Greek Orthodox Church, the Crocker Art Museum, and the Roseville Arts Center. Mr. Tsakopoulos has also had a strong commitment to supporting education through the Angelo and Sofia Tsakopoulos Endowment Fund and as a co-chair for Cali-fornia State University, Sacramento’s Capital Campaign. To support the study and celebra-tion of Greek heritage and history, Mr. Tsakopoulos served as an instrumental figure in the creation of the S.B. Vryonis Center for the Study of Hellenism in Sacramento. Mr. Speaker, Angelo Tsakopoulos has led a tremendously successful career and has be-come a leader in both business and commu-nity causes in our state. His work and philan-thropy have left an indelible mark on Sac-ramento and our larger California community, and it is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Mr. Tsakopoulos here today. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 405, on July 12, 2016, I was un-avoidably detained off of the House floor. Therefore, I was unable to cast my vote on the motion to adjourn. Had I been present, I would have voted NO. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SACRIFICE OF MICHAEL SMITH 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the life and sacrifice of a man who served his country and the city of Dallas humbly for over thirty years. On July 7, 2016, Michael Smith was the first of five Dallas public officers who were fa-tally shot during a protest in downtown Dallas. The shooting was a calculated and senseless act of violence intended to tear our community apart. Instead, our community has rallied to support Michael Smith’s loved ones, and honor his legacy. Michael Smith’s strong, humble, and loving life is the perfect represen-tation of Dallas’ resilience in times of duress. Smith worked in the Dallas Police Depart-ment for over twenty-five years. During his time in the department, he gained a reputation for doing thorough and dependable work. He was recognized multiple times throughout his career, most notably winning the distinguished honor of being called the ‘‘Cops’ Cop.’’ The only thing that outweighed his work ethic at the department was his easygoing and affable manner. Prior to joining the Dallas Police De-partment, Smith served seven years as an Army Ranger, where he developed a strong sense of service and an unparalleled dedica-tion to helping others. Though Smith’s record of public service is incredible, he was best known for his role in the community. On Sundays, he acted as a uniformed guard at the Watermark Church in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.105 E15JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1148 July 15, 2016 
Farmers Branch. There, he charmed children every Sunday by showing them his squad car or telling them dry but easy jokes. People at the church were both protected and enter-tained by Smith. He is survived by his wife, a Catholic school teacher whom he met teach-ing racquetball to deserving youth at a YMCA, as well as their two beautiful daughters. Mr. Speaker, the shooting in Dallas is a tragedy of enormous proportions. However, the impact Michael Smith made to the Dallas community and his loved ones is far bigger. Today, we honor his life. 
f 
REGARDING H.R. 5631, H.R. 4992 AND H.R. 5119 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-position to the three bills designed to weaken or undermine the nuclear agreement with Iran. According to the IAEA, which conducts thor-ough, systematic and regular evaluations of Iran’s nuclear energy activities, Iran is com-plying with its obligations under the JCPOA. The core of the Arak plutonium reactor was dismantled and destroyed, 19,000 centrifuges were put under close IAEA surveillance and 98 percent of Iran’s stockpile of enriched ura-nium was removed out of the country. As long as Iran continues to fulfill its commitments, it is important that the U.S. not jeopardize the accord by abandoning its own. That is why these bills are so reckless. H.R. 5631 requires the re-imposition of sanctions on individuals and entities that were delisted on Implementation Day; H.R. 4992 re-applies secondary sanctions on Iran’s financial sector by prohibiting permissible financial transactions between Iran and the inter-national community that are outside the U.S. financial system; and, H.R. 5119 prevents the U.S. from procuring heavy water from Iran. The United States does not produce heavy water so American industries and labs which need nuclear material for research must seek out international sources. This bill will cut American companies off from that important resource while also forcing Iran to sell its heavy water on the international market, where it can fall into dangerous hands. The JCPOA is working. It has disassembled key elements of Iran’s nuclear program and subjects the Iranians to unprecedented verification and monitoring requirements. As a result, all of Iran’s pathways to a weapon have been blocked and the U.S. and our allies are safer. Taken together, these bills will require the U.S. to re-impose sanctions on Iran in vio-lation of our obligation under the agreement to ‘‘refrain from any policy specifically intended to directly and adversely affect the normalization of trade and economic relations with Iran.’’ The JCPOA does not threaten U.S. foreign policy objectives. It does not require the U.S. to abandon its sanctions on Iran for its human rights abuses or terrorist activities. Those sanctions were not affected by the JCPOA in any way. The U.S. also retains its right to tar-get Iran’s ballistic missiles activities and to pe-nalize Iran for its destabilizing regional activi-ties. Before the U.S. signed the agreement, the world was a significantly less safe place. Iran had thousands of centrifuges spinning to in-crease its large stockpile of enriched uranium and Iran was only two to three months away from developing a bomb. When the JCPOA was signed, Iran agreed to ship tens of thou-sands of pounds of enriched uranium out of the country, two-thirds of Iran’s centrifuges were dismantled or removed, and the inter-national community was provided unprece-dented access to Iran’s nuclear facilities and supply chain. These bills are not tough; they are foolish. They could recklessly endanger the security gains we have made as a result of the JCPOA. f 
GUN VIOLENCE AND ZIKA 
HON. CORRINE BROWN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about a plague wreaking havoc on our nation . . . a sickness that brings in its wake the death of innocent children in com-munities all across the United States . . . mass shootings in our elementary schools, on our playgrounds, in our homes, stores, res-taurants, and places of work. Innocent people are being slaughtered by criminals using mili-tary style weapons....  like the ruthless killer who shot and killed 49 young kids out having fun at a disco in my congressional district in Orlando, Florida. Few countries make it easier than the United States for someone to buy an assault weapon to kill their victims in a matter of min-utes. The horrific massacre in Orlando is only the latest example, and Mr. Mateen was able to kill so many people mainly because the as-sault rifle he was using could fire 30-round clips as fast as he could pull the trigger. No civilian anywhere should be allowed to have that ability. These types of weapons should be reserved only for our brave men and women in the military. And so I take to the House floor once again, to demand that the House majority allow a vote on commonsense gun violence preven-tion legislation. Although not a cure all, we need to do all we can to help keep military type assault weapons out of dangerous hands so mass killings like the one that took place just last month in my district, which was, inci-dentally, the worst mass shooting in our na-tion’s history, never happens again. Month after month—Republicans in the House of Representatives have refused to in-crease funding to combat a dangerous public health crisis that is already hitting our country, and that has already arrived in my State of Florida: Zika virus. Along with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in the Florida congressional delega-tion, I am imploring the House of Representa-tives to consider fully funding efforts to combat this horrible disease. Indeed, over 250 people in the State of Florida have been diagnosed with Zika, including 43 pregnant women. This virus is not only a threat to our health and the health of pregnant mothers, but also to our economy and our everyday lives. And shifting funds from one public health crisis like Ebola, to another, is absolutely NOT an acceptable solution. If we do not act immediately, we will see more and more babies born with Zika virus, and trying to figure out why Congress did not do more to help them. Congress needs to im-mediately provide the funding necessary for mosquito eradication, vaccine research, and our local community health centers so they can provide screenings and comprehensive health services. f 
HONORING CHANDLER RALPH ON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Ms. Chandler Ralph, the Chief Executive Officer of Adirondack Health. Ms. Ralph has dedicated 21 years of public service to the Adirondack community by ex-panding vital medical services across the Tri- Lakes Region. She first took the reins of Adi-rondack Medical Center as President and Chief Executive Officer in 1995. Since then, Ms. Ralph has worked tirelessly to provide ac-cess to quality patient care and has shown a firm commitment to improving the lives of those her organization has served. Throughout her career, Ms. Ralph has served as the Vice President for Operations and Planning at Columbia Memorial Hospital, Senior Manager with the Health Care Oper-ations Consulting Group for Ernst & Young, and President and CEO for Mercy Center for Health Services at Mercy Hospital in Water-town, New York, before arriving at Adirondack Medical Center. In her community, she has been actively in-volved in organizations such as St. Joseph’s Rehabilitation Center, the Saranac Lake Ro-tary Club, the Adirondack Economic Develop-ment Corporation, and the Girl Scouts of Northeastern New York. Professionally, Ms. Ralph is a member of the American Hospital Association, the Amer-ican College of Health Care Executives (ACHE), the ACHE’s Regent’s Advisory Com-mittee, the Northeastern New York Healthcare Association, the Federation of American Health Systems, the Adirondack Health Insti-tute, the New York State Medicaid Redesign Task Force, and the National Institute for Alco-hol Abuse and Alcoholism. In addition, she is the founding chair of the Helena Ptochia Foundation, which strives to raise capital and operational funds to build and operate a hos-pital for women injured during childbirth in Ghana, West Africa. These accomplishments have earned Ms. Ralph the Adirondack Health Foundation’s Dr. Edward L. Trudeau Award, the Greater Water-town Chamber of Commerce Athena Award, the New York State Woman of Distinction Award, the Friends of Mercy Award, the Health Care Association of New York State’s Innovation Award for establishing the North Country Uninsured Task Force, the American College of Healthcare Executives’ Regent’s Award, and the Rotary Paul Harris Fellow Award. On this day, I want to take a moment to thank Ms. Chandler Ralph for her years of service to our district. Chandler, congratula-tions on your retirement, you are a true leader 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.109 E15JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1149 July 15, 2016 
and the North Country community thanks you for making this your home. Your humble lead-ership and key knowledge will be missed by many. 
f 
HONORING ALICE MARY MOORE’S EIGHTIETH BIRTHDAY AND SIX-TIETH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY 
HON. THOMAS J. ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the incredible life of Alice Mary Moore, who will celebrate her 80th birthday on July 17, 2016. Alice’s parents immigrated from County Antrim and County Longford, Ireland to Queens, New York where they raised a strong-willed Irishwoman with a sharp sense of humor. At age 20, she met Charles Moore and they married a few weeks later in the Upper West side of Manhattan at the Roman Catholic Church of the Ascension. Charles later joined the United States Army and his proud service as a cook brought him and Alice to overseas posts in Germany and Kenya and to domestic posts across the United States. Throughout these adventures, she gave birth to five amazing children before she and Charles eventually settled in Virginia. Un-doubtedly, these experiences instilled in Alice her intense and unyielding zest for life that is as vibrant today as ever. This year, Alice will have celebrated both her 80th birthday and her 60th year of marriage surrounded by her loving friends and family dancing at the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars Post 1503 and enjoying life in a fancy hat at a beautiful vineyard in Vir-ginia. On behalf of her grandchildren, I am honored to recognize the incredible life of Alice Mary Moore on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARINE PRIVATE FIRST CLASS GILES McCOY AND THE USS ‘‘INDIANAPOLIS’’ CREW 
HON. WM. LACY CLAY 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a constituent of mine, Marine Private First Class Giles McCoy, and the rest of the USS Indianapolis crew who were on board be-fore the ship was tragically sunk on July 30, 1945 just after midnight. Of the 1,196 mem-bers who were on board, 900 were able to make it into the water. The men floated in the water while at the mercy of the sharks lurking beneath them. The Captain of the ship was not alerted that there were enemies in the water due to the fact that his ship was car-rying crucial parts for the atomic bomb. The crew was sure that they would be res-cued after they did not show at their destina-tion; however, due to the secrecy of the mis-sion, the Navy did no such thing. Slowly, the men perished in the water due to lack of hy-dration and the merciless shark attacks that kept on coming. Out of the 900 men who made it into the water, only 317 made it out alive. They were accidently spotted by Lieu-tenant Gwinn while he was on patrol in an air-plane. This event happened four days after the ship sunk. They were rescued after five. Tragically, the Navy court martialed Captain McVay for not taking precautions like zig zagging his ship to avoid enemy fire; however, he was not made aware of the possible en-emies lurking nearby the vessel. Captain McVay was shamed publically for being re-sponsible for the deaths of his crew. He was a recipient of so much hate mail that he trag-ically committed suicide in 1968. He was sev-enty years old. The surviving crew has pub-lically said that they do not believe the Captain was at fault, and in 1999 a hearing was held with a survivor, in the Senate. One survivor, Cleatus Lebow, said at the hearing that Captain McVay was unjustly court martialed. His name was cleared with a Sen-ate resolution in the year 2000. In 2001, the Secretary of the Navy ordered Captain McVay’s record to be cleared. The brave crewmembers inspired many movies like Men of Courage that was released in 2016. I stand here today to honor my constituent who sur-vived the sinking, Marine Private First Class Giles McCoy. I honor all of the crew that per-ished and those who survived. f 
CONGRATULATING CAPTAIN WES-LEY R. McCALL, COMMANDING OFFICER OF NAVAL STATION MAYPORT 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Captain Wesley R. McCall, the Commanding Officer of Naval Station Mayport in Jacksonville, Florida, on a job well done. Captain McCall has served the Navy and our Jacksonville community with dedication and distinction for the last three years and will con-tinue his military service in Washington with the Naval Installations Command. Capt. McCall served at NS Mayport during a time of numerous construction projects and increases in the number of ships and sailors at the station, all of which added to the chal-lenges of providing superb quality support to the Fleet, families and warfighters. In order to accomplish these tasks, he managed the Naval Station Mayport Shore Installation Plan-ning Board that solicited tenant command in-puts in a comprehensive review of facilities re-quirements for planning and prioritization of MILCON and Special Project Program suc-cesses. A few of the events and projects that were authorized by Congress and completed during Captain McCall’s tenure include the opening of the $26.5 million Fitness Center project in Oc-tober 2013, and the completion of the Littoral Support Facility, which is the first of several facilities constructed in support of the new Lit-toral Combat Ship Program, which is headquartered on the East Coast at Mayport. Additionally, $26.5 million in repairs and up-grades to Charlie Wharf has resulted in the station’s first double-decker wharf. Capt. McCall and his staff welcomed 2000 sailors and their families as the Amphibious Readiness Group, that includes the USS Iwo Jima, USS Fort McHenry, and USS New York, was homeported in Mayport in August 2014. He also successfully hosted the highly visible first East Coast visit of the People’s Liberation Army Navy’s visit to NS Mayport from China. Within the community, Capt. McCall was a champion for the Navy and of the Beaches area. He was the lead representative from five military services and 15 municipalities in the 2015 Jacksonville Sea and Sky Spectacular Air Show. The event, highlighting 26 aircraft, afforded more than half a million local resi-dents of the Navy’s third largest fleet con-centration area a unique view of naval aviation highlighted by the Blue Angels. His unwaver-ing support of three Porsche Amelia Island Concours d’Elegance events generated for the first time more than $100,000 in donations to the Navy and Marine Corps Relief Society. Wes also served on the Beaches Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors, and he and his wife Reyna were very active with the USO. They both attended every No Dough Dinner in order to help serve meals to sailors and their families. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and Members of the House to join me in thanking Captain McCall for his leadership and his service at Naval Station Mayport and wish him and his wife fair winds and following seas as they transition to Washington, DC. f 
GUN VIOLENCE IN AMERICA 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 14, 2016 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I stand in solidarity with my colleagues to de-mand commonsense legislation to address the epidemic of gun violence in America. Last week, I spoke on the House Floor in memory of Coral Wilson, a mother of 8 who was shot and killed on May 11, 2016 in Bir-mingham, Alabama by a domestic abuser. The shooter broke into the home of Ms. Wilson, and used a gun to murder her and shoot four of her children. Ms. Wilson was the 7th domestic gun vio-lence homicide victim and the 41st gun vio-lence homicide victim in Birmingham this year—Mr. Speaker, these deaths were never acknowledged by a moment of silence on the House Floor. Congress has repeatedly failed to pass commonsense gun safety measures that would protect our communities. Too much blood has been shed and we need action. We need stronger laws that prevent gun violence and we need it now. Make no mistake—strengthening back-ground checks, eliminating gun show loop-holes, and preventing potential terrorists and criminals from acquiring assault weapons will not limit the rights of lawful gun owners to pro-tect and defend themselves. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., while sitting in a Birmingham, Alabama jail, wrote, ‘‘injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.’’ Mr. Speaker, enough is enough—the injustice of gun violence affects each and every one of our communities. Now is the time to take ac-tion to unite as one great nation and work to-gether to secure justice for all Americans. In-justice anywhere—Orlando, Baton Rouge, Fal-con Heights, Dallas, Birmingham—is a threat to justice everywhere. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 Jul 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JY8.024 E15JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D829 Friday, July 15, 2016 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 11:30:01 a.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 11:30:10 a.m. until 1 p.m., on Tuesday, July 19, 2016. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session at 2:30 p.m. on Monday July 18, 2016. 
Committee Meetings 
OVERSIGHT OF THE URBAN AREA SECURITY INITIATIVE GRANT PROGRAM Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on National Security; and Subcommittee on Transportation and Public Assets, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Urban Area Secu-rity Initiative Grant Program’’. Testimony was heard from Jerry Demings, Sheriff, Orange County Sheriff’s Office, Orange County, Florida; John Mina, Chief, Orlando Police Department, Orlando, Florida; Brian E. Kamioe, Assistant Administrator of Grant Pro-gram, Federal Emergency Management Agency; and a public witness. BUSINESS MEETING Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a business meeting on the public release of a Committee document. A vote to release the de-classified pages of the Joint Inquiry into Intelligence Community Activities Before and After the Terrorist Attacks of September 11, 2001, passed. This meet-ing was open in a closed space. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JULY 18, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Jul 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15JY6.REC D15JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD830 July 15, 2016 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 1 p.m., Tuesday, July 19 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2:30 p.m., Monday, July 18 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: The House is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma session. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1139 Benishek, Dan, Mich., E1145 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1144 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E1144 Brown, Corrine, Fla., E1148 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1141 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E1142 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E1143 Ca´rdenas, Tony, Calif., E1142 Clay, Wm. Lacy, Mo., E1149 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1141 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E1140 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E1149 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E1139 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E1146 Davis, Susan A., Calif., E1146 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1145, E1147 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E1145 Foxx, Virginia, N.C., E1143 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1144 Gallego, Ruben, Ariz., E1143 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1146 Hahn, Janice, Calif., E1140 Himes, James A., Conn., E1140 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1147 Keating, William R., Mass., E1141 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E1147 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E1145 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1141 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1144 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1143 Pearce, Stevan, N.M., E1141 Reichert, David G., Wash., E1140 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E1142, E1146 Rooney, Thomas J., Fla., E1149 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E1143 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1142, E1149 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1148 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1139, E1147 Turner, Michael R., Ohio, E1139 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1148 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E1147 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Jul 16, 2016 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D15JY6.REC D15JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST